---
season: 1
episode: "09"
title: "The One Where Underdog Gets Away"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E09 — The One Where Underdog Gets Away

*Written by: Jeff Greenstein & Jeff Strauss*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is confronting her boss, Terry.

**Rachel:** Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my [[Friends-词汇总表#salary\|salary]]?

**Terry:** An advance?

**Rachel:** It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go [[Friends-词汇总表#ski\|skiing]] in Vail, and [[Friends-词汇总表#normally\|normally]] my father pays for my [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]], but I sort of started the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#independence\|independence]] thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.

**Terry:** Rachel, Rachel, [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]]. You're a terrible, terrible [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]]. Really, really [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]].

**Rachel:** Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee?

*(everyone in the place raises their hand) Oh, look at that.*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is approaching a customer.

**Rachel:** Excuse me, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] that you could give me an advance on my [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tips]]?

**Guy:** Huh?

**Rachel:** Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]] before.

*(picks up the tip he leaves) Only $98.50 to go.*

*(Monica enters.)*

**Monica:** Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?

**Ross:** No, they're not.

**Monica:** Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.

**Ross:** You're wrong.

**Monica:** I am not wrong.

**Ross:** You're wrong.

**Monica:** No, I just talked to them.

**Ross:** *(getting up, upset)* I'm calling Mom.

*(Joey enters. His face looks abnormally colorful.)*

**Joey:** Hey, hey.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Chandler:** And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]]?

**Joey:** Yes, I am. As of today, I am [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] Joey Tribbiani, actor [[Friends-词汇总表#slash\|slash]] model.

**Chandler:** That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man [[Friends-词汇总表#slash\|slash]] woman.

**Phoebe:** What were you modeling for?

**Joey:** You know those posters for the city free [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]]?

**Monica:** Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "[[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]], healthy, healthy guys"?

**Phoebe:** You know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#asthma\|asthma]] guy was really cute.

**Chandler:** Do you know which one you're gonna be?

**Joey:** No, but I hear [[Friends-词汇总表#lyme\|lyme]] disease is open, so... *(crosses fingers)*

**Chandler:** Good luck, man. I hope you get it.

**Joey:** Thanks.

*(Ross comes back to the couch.)*

**Ross:** *(to Monica)* Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.

**Monica:** Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.

**Ross:** Will you make the [[Friends-词汇总表#mash\|mashed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]] with the [[Friends-词汇总表#lump\|lumps]]?

**Monica:** You know, they're not actually supposed to have... *(Ross looks at her sheepishly)* I'll work on the [[Friends-词汇总表#lump\|lumps]]. Joey, you're going home, right?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Monica:** And I [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]], Chandler, you are still [[Friends-词汇总表#boycott\|boycotting]] all the [[Friends-词汇总表#pilgrim\|pilgrim]] holidays.

**Chandler:** Yes, every single one of them.

**Monica:** Phoebe, you're gonna be with your [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]]?

**Phoebe:** Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrating]] Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is [[Friends-词汇总表#lunar\|lunar]].

**Monica:** So you're free Thursday, then.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Oh, can I come?

**Monica:** Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?

**Rachel:** Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.

**Chandler:** I thought it was $98.50.

**Rachel:** Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.

**Ross:** Well, I'm off to Carol's.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?

**Ross:** *(mimicking)* Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.


> [!scene] Scene: Carol and Susan's apartment, Susan is there. Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hi, is uh, is Carol here?

**Susan:** No, she's at a faculty meeting.

**Ross:** Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my [[Friends-词汇总表#skull\|skull]]. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.

**Ross:** Thanks. Yeah, Carol [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.

**Susan:** What's it look like?

**Ross:** Kinda like a big face without skin.

**Susan:** Yes, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] with the [[Friends-词汇总表#concept\|concept]]. We can just look for it.

**Ross:** Ok. *(browsing the apartment)* Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.

**Susan:** Well, you know, you have to take a course. Otherwise, they don't let you do it.

**Ross:** *(picking up a book)* Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.

**Susan:** Actually, I'm reading it to the baby.

**Ross:** The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?

**Susan:** What, you don't think they can hear sounds in there?

**Ross:** You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it?

**Susan:** Yeah, all the time. I want the baby to know my voice.

**Ross:** Do you uh, do you talk about me?

**Susan:** Yeah, yeah, all the time.

**Ross:** Really?

**Susan:** But um, we just [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|refer]] to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there but Rachel.

**Ross:** Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]] time too. Not that I believe any of this.

**Phoebe:** Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]], and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.

**Chandler:** I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this [[Friends-词汇总表#experiment\|experiment]]. In fact, I'd very much like to [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]] your head.

*(Rachel enters.)*

**Monica:** Hey, Rach, did you make your money?

**Rachel:** No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.

**Monica:** Rach, here's your mail.

**Rachel:** Thanks, you can just put it on the table.

**Monica:** *(insistently)* No, here's your mail.

**Rachel:** Thanks, you can just put it on the table.

**Monica:** *(gives her an envelope)* Would you just open it?

*(Rachel opens it. Inside is the money she needed.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.

**Monica:** We all [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chipped]] in.

**Joey:** *(to Monica)* We did?

**Monica:** *(to Joey)* You [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me 20 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Rachel:** Thank you. Thank you so much!

**Monica:** *(hands Chandler a bag)* Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving [[Friends-词汇总表#feast\|feast]], you got your [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]], your [[Friends-词汇总表#grill\|grilled]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.

**Rachel:** Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?

**Chandler:** All right, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] years old.

**Ross:** Oh, I hate this story.

**Chandler:** We just finished this [[Friends-词汇总表#magnificent\|magnificent]] Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part [[Friends-词汇总表#vividly\|vividly]]--a [[Friends-词汇总表#mouthful\|mouthful]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]], and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.

**Rachel:** Oh my god.

**Chandler:** Yes. It's very difficult to [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in [[Friends-词汇总表#reverse\|reverse]].


> [!scene] Scene: The subway, Joey spots a gorgeous woman waiting. He goes up to her.

**Joey:** Uh, hi. We uh, we used to work together.

**Girl:** We did?

**Joey:** Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy.

*(pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?*

**Girl:** Yeah, right.

**Joey:** I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business.

**Girl:** Get out.

**Joey:** I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to [[Friends-词汇总表#spritz\|spritz]], when to [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] back.

**Girl:** Really? You don't know what that means to me.

**Joey:** Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing?

**Girl:** *(provocatively)* Nothing.

**Joey:** Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?

**Girl:** Yeah. *(she gets up, notices something behind Joey)* Oh.

**Joey:** What's wrong?

**Girl:** I just remembered, I have to do something.

**Joey:** Oh. What?

**Girl:** Um, leave.

**Joey:** Wait, wait, wait!

*(Joey turns around and sees his face on a poster in the subway. The poster says: What Mario isn't telling you...V.D., you never know who might have it. A variety of scenes are shown with the poster displayed all over New York City.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey enters, amongst snickers from the gang.

**Joey:** So I guess you all saw it.

**Rachel:** Saw what?

**Phoebe:** No, we were just laughing. You know, how [[Friends-词汇总表#laughter\|laughter]] can be [[Friends-词汇总表#infectious\|infectious]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey enters, upset.

**Joey:** Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.

**Chandler:** Tonight, on a very special Blossom.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is cooking Thanksgiving dinner. Chandler is standing in the doorway, not wanting to participate in the festivities.

**Monica:** Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's [[Friends-词汇总表#mull\|mulling]], turkey's [[Friends-词汇总表#turking\|turking]], [[Friends-词汇总表#yam\|yams]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#yamming\|yamming]]. *(notices Ross is depressed)* What?

**Ross:** I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.

**Monica:** All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop [[Friends-词汇总表#mop\|moping]].

**Ross:** That's [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]].

*(Rachel enters, excited.)*

**Rachel:** I got the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.

**Chandler:** Oh, you must stop shooping.

**Rachel:** Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.

**Joey:** Chandler, will you just come in already?

**Chandler:** No, I [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] to keep a safe distance from all this [[Friends-词汇总表#merriment\|merriment]].

*(Phoebe takes a slice of pumpkin pie and waves it in front of Chandler's face.)*

**Phoebe:** Look out, [[Friends-词汇总表#incoming\|incoming]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]]!

**Chandler:** Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.

*(Chandler leaves.)*

**Joey:** Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any [[Friends-词汇总表#tater\|tater]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tot\|tots]].

**Monica:** That's not a question.

**Joey:** But my mom always makes them. It's like a [[Friends-词汇总表#tradition\|tradition]]. You get a little piece of [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#fork\|fork]], a little [[Friends-词汇总表#cranberry\|cranberry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]], and a [[Friends-词汇总表#tot\|tot]]! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.

**Monica:** All right, fine. Tonight's [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]] will be both [[Friends-词汇总表#mash\|mashed]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#lump\|lumps]], and in the form of [[Friends-词汇总表#tot\|tots]].

**Ross:** Ok, I'm off to talk to my [[Friends-词汇总表#unborn\|unborn]] child.

*(Ross grabs for some food, Monica slaps his hand away.)*

**Monica:** Ah!

**Ross:** Ok, Mom never hit.

*(Ross exits.)*

**Phoebe:** *(stirring pot)* Ok, all done.

**Monica:** What, Phoebe, did you [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]]? Ross needs [[Friends-词汇总表#lump\|lumps]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whipped]] and then add some [[Friends-词汇总表#pea\|peas]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#onion\|onions]].

**Monica:** Why would we do that?

**Phoebe:** Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.

**Monica:** Ok, three kinds of [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]] coming up.

**Rachel:** Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. *(she starts to leave, and hits everyone with her skis)* Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry!

*(Chandler enters, running.)*

**Chandler:** The most [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.

**Joey:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]]?

**Chandler:** No, no, the actual [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]] character. Of course the [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]]. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spotted]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]], who's with me?

**Rachel:** I can't, I gotta go.

**Chandler:** Come on. An 80-foot [[Friends-词汇总表#inflatable\|inflatable]] dog let [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] over the city. How often does that happen?

**Phoebe:** Almost never.

**Monica:** Got the keys? or Got the keys!

**Rachel:** Ok.

*(Everyone leaves the apartment.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Carol and Susan's, Ross is preparing to talk to her belly.

**Carol:** Anytime you're ready.

**Ross:** Ok, ok, here we go. *(he crouches down near her stomach)* Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain [[Friends-词汇总表#acoustical\|acoustical]] advantage, but...

**Carol:** Just [[Friends-词汇总表#aim\|aim]] for the [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]].

**Ross:** Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.

**Carol:** So don't do it, it's fine. You don't have to do it just because Susan does it.

**Ross:** *(quickly talking)* Hello, baby. Hello, hello.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the group is coming back from the roof.

**Rachel:** I loved the moment when you first saw the [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] dog [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] all over the park.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but did they have to [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] him down? I mean, that was just mean.

**Monica:** Ok, right about now the [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] should be [[Friends-词汇总表#crispy\|crispy]] on the outside, [[Friends-词汇总表#juicy\|juicy]] on the inside. Why are we standing here?

**Rachel:** We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.

**Monica:** No I don't.

**Rachel:** Yes, you do. When we left, you said, "got the keys."

**Monica:** No I didn't. I asked, "got the ke-eys?"

**Rachel:** No, no, no, you said, "got the keys".

**Chandler:** Do either of you have the keys?

**Monica:** *(panicked)* The [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] is on.

**Rachel:** Oh, I gotta get my [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]]!

**Joey:** Wait, wait, we have a copy of your key.

**Monica:** Well then get it, get it!

**Joey:** That [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] will not make me go any [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]].

**Monica:** *(angry)* Joey!

**Joey:** That one will.

*(Joey leaves to get the copy of the key.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Carol and Susan's, Carol is reading, Ross is talking to her stomach.

**Ross:** And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]], I picked [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]]. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#fetus\|fetus]]. You're just happy you don't have [[Friends-词汇总表#gill\|gills]] anymore.

**Carol:** Look, you don't have to talk to it. You can [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] to it if you want.

**Ross:** Oh, please. I am not [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] to your [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]], ok?

*(Susan enters.)*

**Susan:** Hi, how's it goin?

**Ross:** Shh! *(singing)* Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! *(to Carol)* Hey, uh, did you just feel that?

**Carol:** I did.

**Ross:** Does it always, uh--?

**Carol:** No, no that was the first.

**Susan:** Keep [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]! Keep singing!

**Ross:** *(singing)* Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a [[Friends-词汇总表#bagel\|bagel]], and then we'll go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]].

**Susan:** I felt it!

**Ross:** *(singin)* Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts.


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Joey has a tray full of keys, and is trying each one in the lock.

**Joey:** Nope, not that one.

**Monica:** Can you go any [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]] with that?

**Joey:** Hey, I got one [[Friends-词汇总表#keyhole\|keyhole]] and about a [[Friends-词汇总表#zillion\|zillion]] keys. You do the [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]].

**Monica:** Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?

**Chandler:** *(sarcastic)* For an emergency just like this.

**Rachel:** *(grabs Chandler by the shirt)* All right, listen, [[Friends-词汇总表#smirky\|smirky]]. If it wasn't for you and your stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]], I would be on a [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] watching a woman do this *(makes a gesture like a stewardess pointing out exits)* right now. But I'm not.

**Monica:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] you said you had the keys.

**Rachel:** No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys.

*(Short pause.)*

**Monica:** Why would I have the keys?

**Rachel:** Aside from the fact that you said you had them?

**Monica:** But I didn't.

**Rachel:** Well, you should have.

**Monica:** Why?

**Rachel:** Because!

**Monica:** Why?

**Rachel:** Because!

**Monica:** Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]], so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! *(starting to cry)* Just as long as Phoebe gets her [[Friends-词汇总表#pea\|peas]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#onion\|onions]], and Mario gets his [[Friends-词汇总表#tot\|tots]], and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burned]], and, and I... I...

**Chandler:** Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.

*(They walk in. Smoke fills the apartment.)*

**Monica:** Well, the turkey's [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burnt]]. *(checking pots)* Potatoes are [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]], [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]] are ruined, potatoes are ruined.

*(Ross enters, singing.)*

**Ross:** Here we come, walkin' down the—this doesn't smell like Mom's.

**Monica:** No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted [[Friends-词汇总表#lump\|lumps]], Ross? *(picks up the pan of badly burnt potatoes)* Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.

**Rachel:** Oh, god, this is great! The [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.

**Joey:** Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice.

**Monica:** Oh, really? So why was I [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|busting]] my ass to make this [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] Thanksgiving dinner?

**Joey:** You call that [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]]?

*(all shouting)*

**Monica:** Stop it, stop it, stop it!

**Chandler:** Now this feels like Thanksgiving.


> [!scene] Time lapse. Everyone is upset with each other. Phoebe is at the window.

**Phoebe:** Ooh.

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** Ugly Naked Guy's taking his [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]]. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.

*(They all run to the window.)*

**Joey:** I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!

**Monica:** Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing!

**Phoebe:** It's nice that he has someone.


> [!scene] Time lapse. The gang is around the table, eating grilled cheese sandwiches.

**Chandler:** Shall I [[Friends-词汇总表#carve\|carve]]?

**Rachel:** By all means.

**Chandler:** Ok, who wants light [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]], and who wants dark cheese?

**Ross:** I don't even wanna know about the dark [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]].

**Monica:** *(holding sandwich)* Does anybody wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] this with me?

**Joey:** Oh, I will.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.

**Monica:** Make a wish?

**Phoebe:** Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] half. What'd you wish for?

**Joey:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] half.

**Chandler:** I'd like to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]]. Little toast here, [[Friends-词汇总表#ding\|ding]] ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involve]] divorce or [[Friends-词汇总表#projectile\|projectile]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vomit\|vomiting]]. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have [[Friends-词汇总表#syphilis\|syphilis]] and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very [[Friends-词汇总表#thankful\|thankful]] that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.

**All:** That's so sweet.

**Ross:** And hey, here's to a [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] Christmas.

**Rachel:** And a [[Friends-词汇总表#crappy\|crappy]] New Year.

**Chandler:** Here, here!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Subway, Joey sees his poster and he peels off the caption on his poster, revealing more posters underneath. The captions read, as follows: Bladder Control Problem Stop Wife Beating Hemorrhoids? Winner of 3 Tony Awards... He's finally happy with that and walks away.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 8 | 308 | 105 | *Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 7 | 215 | 100 | *Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 2 | 99 | 84 | *Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 95 | 64 | *Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 2 | 110 | 60 | *Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *So I guess you all saw it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and norm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *You know, the asthma guy was really cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Good luck, man. I hope you get it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *You know, they're not actually supposed to have...  I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Oh, I hate this story.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.* |

### 常用词（68）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 16 | 98 | 17 | *It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and norm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 10 | 26 | 15 | *Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 6 | 51 | 20 | *Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 5 | 39 | 27 | *Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's havi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 4 | 46 | 27 | *Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grill* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 3 | 26 | 22 | *Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 3 | 75 | 45 | *Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 3 | 62 | 46 | *Well, the turkey's burnt.  Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 2 | 30 | 18 | *It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and norm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] | /pai/ | n. 馅饼, 财富, 总额, 贪污受贿, 杂乱, 喜鹊 | n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top | 2 | 35 | 15 | *We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a m* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 2 | 56 | 32 | *No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] | /'ʌvәn/ | n. 烤箱, 灶, 子宫 | n. kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting | 2 | 23 | 16 | *The oven is on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]] |  | [计] 加快 | a acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly | 2 | 21 | 18 | *That tone will not make me go any faster.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 2 | 67 | 27 | *All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] | /di'liʃәs/ | a. 美味的 | n. variety of sweet eating apples | 2 | 26 | 18 | *Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 2 | 49 | 32 | *Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 2 | 40 | 18 | *I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgivin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] | /.pɒsә'biliti/ | n. 可能性, 可能的事 | n. a future prospect or potential | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Yes, I'm familiar with the concept. We can just look for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|refer]] | /ri'fә:/ | vt. 提交, 归诸于, 把...提交, 使求助于 | v. be relevant to | 1 | 10 | 10 | *But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]] | /'beli/ | n. 腹部, 食欲 | n. a protruding abdomen | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]] | /'bʌtә/ | n. 奶油, 黄油 | n. an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cookin | 1 | 17 | 15 | *I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *You owe me 20 bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *You owe me 20 bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]] | /tә'mɑ:tәu/ | n. 番茄, 西红柿 | n. mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grill* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] | /su:p/ | n. 汤, 马力 | n. liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pi | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grill* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#havin\|havin]] |  | n. (Havin)人名；(挪)哈温 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it wit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 1 | 32 | 24 | *All right, I'm nine years old.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.* |
| mmm |  | [医] 毫微米 |  | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming.  What?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *That's closer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] | /pri'fә:/ | vt. 宁可, 较喜欢, 提出 | v. like better; value more highly | 1 | 15 | 15 | *No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]] | /sɒ:s/ | n. 酱油, 调味汁, 酱 | n. flavorful relish or dressing or topping served as an accompaniment to food | 1 | 17 | 12 | *But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] | /hwip/ | n. 鞭子, 抽打, 车夫, 搅拌器 | n. an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping | 1 | 21 | 17 | *What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]] | /kɑ:'tu:n/ | n. 卡通画, 漫画 | n. a humorous or satirical drawing published in a newspaper or magazine | 1 | 10 | 10 | *No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 1 | 28 | 23 | *No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]] | /ru:f/ | n. 屋顶, 室顶 | n. a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building | 1 | 18 | 12 | *No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] | /lu:s/ | n. 发射, 放任, 放纵 | a. not compact or dense in structure or arrangement | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] | /'enitaim/ | adv. 任何时候；无例外地 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Anytime you're ready.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Just aim for the bump.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] | /'dʒaiәnt/ | n. 巨人, 大力士, 巨大怪物 | n. any creature of exceptional size | 1 | 36 | 27 | *I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] | /tәun/ | n. 音调, 音质, 语调, 语气, 色调, 气氛, 状况, 思想状态 | n. the quality of a person's voice | 1 | 15 | 11 | *That tone will not make me go any faster.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] | /dєә/ | n. 挑战, 挑动, 大胆 | n. a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy | 1 | 13 | 12 | *And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n. the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 1 | 19 | 13 | *And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] | /'stʌmәk/ | n. 胃, 食欲, 欲望, 肚子 | n. an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok?* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Shh!  Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bagel\|bagel]] | /'beiɡәl/ | n. 百吉饼（先蒸后烤的发面圈）；[俚]（体育比赛中）零蛋 | n. (Yiddish) glazed yeast-raised doughnut-shaped roll with hard crust | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] | /mæθ/ | n. 数学 | n a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity an | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *I swear you said you had the keys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] | /ә'said/ | n. 小声说的话, 旁白 | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the  | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Aside from the fact that you said you had them?* |
| nooooo |  | [网络] 是我自作多情；天哪；脑无 |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] | /split/ | n. 劈开, 裂片, 裂缝, 分裂, 派系, 派别, 柳条 | n. extending the legs at right angles to the trunk (one in front and the other i | 1 | 26 | 21 | *Does anybody wanna split this with me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] | /prә'pәuz/ | vt. 计划, 打算, 建议, 提议, 求(婚) | v. make a proposal, declare a plan for something | 1 | 33 | 17 | *I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgivin* |

### 低频词（86）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| shoop |  | [网络] 咻；舒普；疾如电 |  | 9 | 9 | 1 | *Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lump\|lump]] | /lʌmp/ | n. 块, 瘤, 很多, 肿块, 笨人 | v. put together indiscriminately | 5 | 8 | 4 | *Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?* |
| vail | /veil/ | vi. 降下；脱帽；有利 | n. & v. t. Same as Veil. | 4 | 6 | 3 | *It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and norm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tot\|tot]] | /tɒt/ | n. 小孩, 少量, 合计 | n. a small amount (especially of a drink) | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] | /bә'lu:n/ | n. 气球 | n. large tough nonrigid bag filled with gas or heated air | 3 | 12 | 8 | *The balloon?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slash\|slash]] | /slæʃ/ | v. 猛砍, 乱砍 | n. an open tract of land in a forest that is strewn with debris from logging (or | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mash\|mash]] | /mæʃ/ | n. 碎麦芽, 饲料, 糊状物 | n. a mixture of mashed malt grains and hot water; used in brewing | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] | /'pʌmpkin/ | n. 南瓜 | n. a coarse vine widely cultivated for its large pulpy round orange fruit with f | 2 | 10 | 7 | *We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macy\|macy]] |  | n. 梅西（人名） |  | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pea\|pea]] | /pi:/ | n. 豌豆, 似豌豆的东西 | n. seed of a pea plant used for food | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#onion\|onion]] | /'ʌnjәn/ | n. 洋葱 | n. the bulb of an onion plant | 2 | 9 | 7 | *Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#walkin\|walkin]] |  | n. (Walkin)人名；(瑞典)瓦尔金 |  | 2 | 11 | 9 | *Shh!  Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ding\|ding]] | /diŋ/ | vi. 响, 连响, 反复告诫 | n. a ringing sound | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgivin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terry\|terry]] | /'teri/ | n. 毛圈, 毛圈织物 | n. English actress (1847-1928) | 1 | 13 | 5 | *Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salary\|salary]] | /'sælәri/ | n. 薪水 | n something that remunerates | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ski\|ski]] | /ski:/ | n. 滑雪橇 | n. narrow wood or metal or plastic runners used in pairs for gliding over snow | 1 | 11 | 5 | *It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and norm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#normally\|normally]] | /'nɒ:mәli/ | adv. 正规地, 合规则, 正常地 | r. under normal conditions | 1 | 8 | 8 | *It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and norm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#independence\|independence]] | /.indi'pendәns/ | n. 独立, 自立, 自主 | n. freedom from control or influence of another or others | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and norm* |
| sayin |  | [网络] 宋颖颐 |  | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]] | /spil/ | n. 溢出, 溅出, 摔下, 溢出量, 木片, 小塞子 | n. liquid that is spilled | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before.* |
| puerto |  | n. 垭口, 港口, 山口 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?* |
| rico |  | abbr. 反诈骗腐败组织集团犯罪法（Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organiza | n law intended to eradicate organized crime by establishing strong sanctions and | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]] | /'meikʌp/ | n. 组成, 性格, 化妆品, 化装(术), 虚构, 补考 | n. cosmetics applied to the face to improve or change your appearance | 1 | 14 | 9 | *And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]] | /'klinik/ | n. 诊所, 临床教学 | n. a medical establishment run by a group of medical specialists | 1 | 10 | 4 | *You know those posters for the city free clinic?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asthma\|asthma]] | /'æsmә/ | n. 哮喘 | n. respiratory disorder characterized by wheezing; usually of allergic origin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know, the asthma guy was really cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lyme\|lyme]] | /laim/ | arthritis 莱姆关节炎(伴有疼痛、发热与皮肤红斑) , grass [植]欧滨麦 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boycott\|boycott]] | /'bɒikɒt/ | n. 联合抵制 | n. a group's refusal to have commercial dealings with some organization in prote | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pilgrim\|pilgrim]] | /'pilgrim/ | n. 旅行者, 朝圣者, 香客 | n. someone who journeys in foreign lands | 1 | 7 | 5 | *And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunar\|lunar]] | /'lu:nә/ | a. 阴历的, 月的, 微亮的(指光) | a. of or relating to or associated with the moon | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skull\|skull]] | /skʌl/ | n. 头盖骨, 头脑, 好学生 | n. the bony skeleton of the head of vertebrates | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concept\|concept]] | /'kɒnsept/ | n. 观念, 概念 | n. an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Yes, I'm familiar with the concept. We can just look for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bein\|bein]] |  | n. 拜因（姓氏） |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ok.  Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.* |
| yertle |  | [网络] 耶壳；乌龟大王亚尔特 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turtle\|turtle]] | /'tә:tl/ | n. 海龟 | n. any of various aquatic and land reptiles having a bony shell and flipper-like | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bobo\|bobo]] |  | n. 新中产阶级；年老却比较富裕的人 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] | /spә:m/ | n. 精液, 精虫, 鲸油, 抹香鲸 | n. the male reproductive cell; the male gamete | 1 | 23 | 9 | *But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#experiment\|experiment]] | /ik'sperimәnt/ | n. 实验, 试验, 实验仪器 | n. the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chip]] | /tʃip/ | n. 屑片, 薄片, 碎片 | n. a triangular wooden float attached to the end of a log line | 1 | 2 | 2 | *We all chipped in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feast\|feast]] | /fi:st/ | n. 宴会, 酒席, 享受, 节日 | n. something experienced with great delight | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grill* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grill\|grill]] | /gril/ | n. 烤架, 铁格子, 烤肉 | n. a framework of metal bars used as a partition or a grate | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grill* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fixin\|fixin]] |  | [地名] [法国] 菲克桑 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grill* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magnificent\|magnificent]] | /mæg'nifisnt/ | a. 华丽的, 高尚的, 宏伟的 | s characterized by grandeur | 1 | 2 | 2 | *We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vividly\|vividly]] |  | adv. 鲜艳, 强烈, 明亮, 鲜明, 活泼, 有生气, 生动, 清晰, 逼真 | r. in a vivid manner | 1 | 3 | 3 | *We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouthful\|mouthful]] | /'mauθful/ | n. 一口, 满口 | n. the quantity that can be held in the mouth | 1 | 1 | 1 | *We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reverse\|reverse]] | /ri'vә:s/ | n. 相反, 背面, 倒退, 挫折, 失败 | n. a relation of direct opposition | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsession\|obsession]] | /әb'seʃәn/ | n. 困扰, 困扰人的情绪 | n. an unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with something or someone | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aramis\|aramis]] |  | n. 阿拉米斯（男子名）；雅男士（男性化妆保养品品牌） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spritz\|spritz]] | /sprits/ | n. 喷,细的喷流 | n. a quick squirt of some liquid (usually carbonated water) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laughter\|laughter]] | /'lɑ:ftә/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the activity of laughing; the manifestation of joy or mirth or scorn | 1 | 7 | 7 | *No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#infectious\|infectious]] | /in'fekʃәs/ | a. 有传染性的, 易传染的 | s. caused by infection or capable of causing infection | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blossom\|blossom]] | /'blɒsәm/ | n. 花, 花开的状态, 兴旺期 | v. develop or come to a promising stage | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Tonight, on a very special Blossom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cider\|cider]] | /'saidә/ | n. 苹果汁, 苹果酒 | n. a beverage made from juice pressed from apples | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming.  What?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mull\|mull]] | /mʌl/ | n. 软薄布, 混乱 | n. a term used in Scottish names of promontories | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming.  What?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turking\|turking]] | /tə:k/ | Turk |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming.  What?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yam\|yam]] | /jæm/ | n. 山药, 薯蓣 | n. edible tuber of any of several yams | 1 | 7 | 3 | *Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming.  What?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yamming\|yamming]] |  | (yam 的现在分词) n. 山药, 薯蓣 | -ing form of yam | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming.  What?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mop\|mop]] | /mɒp/ | n. 拖把, 鬼脸 | n cleaning implement consisting of absorbent material fastened to a handle; for  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.* |
| shooping |  | [网络] 我要；出街行街 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, you must stop shooping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#merriment\|merriment]] | /'merimәnt/ | n. 欢喜, 嬉戏 | n a gay feeling | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incoming\|incoming]] | /'inkʌmiŋ/ | a. 进来的, 刚开始的, 新来的 | a. arriving at a place or position | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tater\|tater]] | /'teitә/ | [口]=potato | n an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tradition\|tradition]] | /trә'diʃәn/ | n. 传说, 传统, 交付 | n. an inherited pattern of thought or action | 1 | 8 | 7 | *But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fork\|fork]] | /fɒ:k/ | n. 叉子, 叉状物, 分岔 | n. cutlery used for serving and eating food | 1 | 7 | 6 | *But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cranberry\|cranberry]] | /'krænbәri/ | n. 越橘 | n. any of numerous shrubs of genus Vaccinium bearing cranberries | 1 | 7 | 4 | *But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unborn\|unborn]] | /.ʌn'bɒ:n/ | a. 未诞生的, 未来的, 在胎内的 | a. not yet brought into existence | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underdog\|underdog]] | /.ʌndә'dɒg/ | n. 斗败了的狗, 失败者, 受害者 | n. one at a disadvantage and expected to lose | 1 | 4 | 3 | *The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inflatable\|inflatable]] | /in'fleitәbl/ | a. 膨胀的, 得意的, 通货膨胀的 | s. designed to be filled with air or gas | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#acoustical\|acoustical]] | /ә'ku:stikәl/ | a. 听觉的, 声学的 | a of or relating to the science of acoustics | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, ok, here we go.  Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aim\|aim]] | /eim/ | n. 目标, 瞄准, 击中目标的能力 | n. the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Just aim for the bump.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] | /'ʃædәu/ | n. 阴影, 荫, 影子, 影像, 阴暗, 幽灵, 少许, 隐蔽处, 庇护 | n. shade within clear boundaries | 1 | 6 | 4 | *I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crispy\|crispy]] | /'krispi/ | a. 卷曲的, 松脆的, 易碎的, 干脆的, 干净利落的, 生气勃勃的 | s tender and brittle | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we stan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juicy\|juicy]] | /'dʒusi/ | a. 多汁液的, 生动的, 多水分的 | a. full of juice | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we stan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fetus\|fetus]] | /'fi:tәs/ | n. 胎儿 | n. an unborn or unhatched vertebrate in the later stages of development showing  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gill\|gill]] | /gil/ | n. 鳃, 菌褶, 沟壑, 少女 | n. a British imperial capacity unit (liquid or dry) equal to 5 fluid ounces or 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] |  | a. 最滑稽的（funny的最高级形式） | s arousing or provoking laughter | 1 | 13 | 9 | *Shh!  Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] | /zu:/ | n. 动物园 | n the facility where wild animals are housed for exhibition | 1 | 22 | 9 | *Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#keyhole\|keyhole]] | /'ki:hәul/ | n. 键孔, 栓孔, 锁眼 | n. the hole where a key is inserted | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zillion\|zillion]] | /'ziljәn/ | n. 无限大的数字 | s. very large indeterminate number | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smirky\|smirky]] | /'sm\\:ki/ | a. 假笑的,傻笑的,得意地笑的 | a. Smirk; smirking. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watch* |
| mario | /'mæriәj, 'mɑ:-/ | n. 马里奥（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|bust]] | /bʌst/ | n. 半身像, 胸部, 失败, 殴打 | n. a sculpture of the head and shoulders of a person | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gal\|gal]] | /^æl/ | [化] 伽(重力加速度单位,等于1厘米/秒,2) | n. a unit of gravitational acceleration equal to one centimeter per second per s | 1 | 9 | 5 | *Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's havi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carve\|carve]] | /kɑ:v/ | v. 雕刻, 切开 | v. form by carving | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Shall I carve?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involve]] | /in'vɒlv/ | vt. 包括, 使陷于, 潜心于, 包围 | v. connect closely and often incriminatingly | 1 | 10 | 7 | *I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgivin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#projectile\|projectile]] | /prә'dʒektil/ | n. 发射体, 抛射物 | n. a weapon that is forcibly thrown or projected at a targets but is not self-pr | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgivin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vomit\|vomit]] | /'vɒmit/ | vt. 吐出, 呕吐 | n. the matter ejected in vomiting | 1 | 10 | 8 | *I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgivin* |
