---
season: 1
episode: "14"
title: "The One With the Candy Hearts"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E14 — The One With the Candy Hearts

*Written by: Bill Lawrence*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is eyeing a beautiful woman at the counter, and Joey and Chandler are egging him on to go talk to her. No pun intended. I mean it.

**Joey:** I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you.

**Ross:** She [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] knows me. We just live in the same building.

**Chandler:** Any contact?

**Ross:** She [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lent]] me an [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] once.

**Joey:** You're in!

**Ross:** Aw, right.

**Woman:** Hi, Ross.

**Ross:** Hey. *(stutters something incoherent)*

**Chandler:** Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian—I don't think we need a third...

**Joey:** Excuse me, could we get an [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] over here, still in the [[Friends-词汇总表#shell\|shell]]? Thanks.

**Ross:** An [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]]?

**Joey:** Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] back, I'm returning your egg."

**Chandler:** I think it's winning.

**Ross:** I think it's [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]].

**Chandler:** She'll love it. Go with the [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]], my friend.

*(Ross walks over to the woman, egg in hand.)*

**Joey:** Think it'll work?

**Chandler:** No, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#suicide\|suicide]]. The man's got an [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]].


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler are there. Ross is still talking to the beautiful woman.

**Monica:** You can not do this.

**Rachel:** Do what, do what?

**Monica:** Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.

**Rachel:** No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] the guy?

**Phoebe:** 'Cause he was [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]], and mean, and a little [[Friends-词汇总表#frighten\|frightening]]... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!

**Monica:** But Phoebe, you can go out with a [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] guy any night of the year. I know I do.

**Rachel:** Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?

**Joey:** Actually, tomorrow night kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depends]] on how tonight goes.

**Chandler:** Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...

**Joey:** No, no, no, don't you [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bail\|bail]] on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.

**Chandler:** Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...

**Joey:** Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]], she's [[Friends-词汇总表#vulnerable\|vulnerable]]. I'm thinkin', [[Friends-词汇总表#cha\|cha]]-ching! *(Rachel throws a roll at Joey. He picks it up and eats it.)* Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.

**Ross:** Hi. She said yes.

**Chandler:** Yes! Way to go, man! *(Chandler and Ross hug. Something crunches in Ross' shirt pocket.)* Still got the [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]], huh?


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, Joey and Chandler are there, waiting for their dates to show up.

**Joey:** *(Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife)* How do I look?

**Chandler:** Oh, uh, I... don't... care. *(Joey's date shows up)* Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.

**Lorraine:** Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.

**Chandler:** ...And what did you bring?

**Lorraine:** She's checking the [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coats]]. Joey, I'm gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.

**Chandler:** Janice?

*(Lorraine leaves. Joey shakes his head as though to say, 'It can't be the same Janice.' Janice enters.)*

**Janice:** Oh.... my.... God.

**Chandler:** *(angrily)* Hey, it's Janice.


> [!scene] Scene: The bathroom at the restaurant, Chandler and Joey are talking.

**Chandler:** Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.

**Joey:** No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] to go out with Lorraine. Just [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down.

**Chandler:** Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] in the last five months!

**Joey:** *(at the urinal)* Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]], and I can't go when I'm nervous.

**Chandler:** I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. *(gets up right behind Joey and yells in his ear)* Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the girls are all there, discussing their bad luck with men.

**Rachel:** Ok, ok, Roger was [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]], but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.

**Monica:** Which one was Pete Carney?

**Rachel:** Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. *(imitating)* "Was it good for you?"

**Monica:** Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. *(imitating)* "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two months—I didn't get to win once.

**Rachel:** How did we end up with these [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerks]]? We're good people!

**Monica:** I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#magnet\|magnets]].

**Phoebe:** I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.

**Monica:** There's more [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]], right?

**Phoebe:** Oh! You know my friend Abby who [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shaves]] her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend [[Friends-词汇总表#cycle\|cycle]], you can do like a [[Friends-词汇总表#cleanse\|cleansing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ritual\|ritual]].

**Rachel:** Pheebes, this woman is [[Friends-词汇总表#voluntarily\|voluntarily]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.

**Monica:** Ok, well, what kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#ritual\|ritual]]?

**Phoebe:** Ok. We can, um, we can [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] the stuff they gave us.

**Rachel:** Or?

**Phoebe:** Or...or we can [[Friends-词汇总表#chant\|chant]] and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.

**Monica:** Burning's good.

**Rachel:** Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]].


> [!scene] Scene: The Restaurant, Joey, Lorraine, Chandler, and Janice are at the table. Joey and Lorraine are seated very close, Chandler and Janice have backed their chairs away from one another.

**Lorraine:** You know, ever since I was little, I've been able to pick up quarters with my [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toes]].

**Joey:** Good for you. *(jumps suddenly)* Uh, quarters or [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolls]] of quarters?

**Janice:** By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.

**Chandler:** That's OK.

**Janice:** Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppets]] out of them, and you could use them in your [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#cruelty\|cruelty]].

*(Lorraine whispers into Joey's ear.)*

**Joey:** *(to Lorraine)* We can't do that.

**Chandler:** *(disgusted)* What? What can't you do?

**Joey:** Uh, can I talk to you for a second, over there?

*(Chandler and Joey leave the table.)*

**Joey:** Uh, we might be leaving now.

**Chandler:** Tell me it's "you and me" we.

**Joey:** She said she wants to [[Friends-词汇总表#slather\|slather]] my body with stuff and then [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.

**Chandler:** Ok, you can not do this to me.

**Joey:** You're right, I'm sorry. You're right.

**Lorraine:** *(to waiter)* Uh, can we have three [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mousse\|mousses]] to go please?

**Joey:** I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.

**Chandler:** I hope she throws up on you.

*(Joey leaves with Lorraine. Chandler sits back down with Janice.)*

**Chandler:** So...

**Janice:** Just us.

**Chandler:** Oh, what a [[Friends-词汇总表#crappy\|crappy]] night!

**Janice:** Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#zipper\|zipper]] ever since you came back from the bathroom.

**Chandler:** Excuse me. *(gets up, jumps up and down while he zips his zipper up... other patrons look at him)* How ya doin'?

**Janice:** So, do we have the best friends or what?

**Chandler:** Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]]? A big screen TV?

**Janice:** I will go for that drink.

**Chandler:** You got it. Good woman! *(the waiter turns around, it's a man)* Could we get a [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of your most [[Friends-词汇总表#overprice\|overpriced]] [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]]?

**Janice:** Each.

**Chandler:** That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. *(to Janice)* I've always wanted to know...


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's bedroom, Chandler wakes up, and finds someone else's hand on his chest. He rolls over and is shocked to see Janice there.

**Janice:** Happy Valentine's Day!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Chandler is trying to get Janice out of his apartment.

**Janice:** Oh, I miss you already. Can you believe this happened?

**Chandler:** No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.

**Janice:** Kiss me!

*(Janice kisses him. Monica comes out for the newspaper.}*

**Monica:** Oh, Chandler, sorry.

*(Janice turns around, Monica sees who it is.)*

**Monica:** Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice.

**Janice:** Hi, Monica.

**Chandler:** Ok, well, this was very special.

**Monica:** Rach, come see who's out here!

*(Rachel comes out.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my god. Janice, hi!

**Chandler:** Janice is gonna go away now.

**Monica:** I'll be right back.

*(Joey enters from the stairs.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, Joey, look who it is.

**Joey:** *(in disbelief)* Whoa.

**Chandler:** Oh, good, Joey's home now.

**Janice:** This is so fun. This is like a [[Friends-词汇总表#reunion\|reunion]] in the hall.

*(Monica comes out with her cordless phone.)*

**Monica:** Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. *(to Chandler)* He just happened to call.

**Janice:** Hi, Ross. Yes, it's me. How did you know? *(she laughs obnoxiously)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Chinese Restaurant, Ross is there with his date.

**Ross:** I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience [[Friends-词汇总表#jet\|jet]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lag\|lag]], then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flies]] from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half.

*(Ross starts to laugh, and then makes a face like 'Why did I just say that?' Ross' ex-wife, Carol, and her lesbian lover, Susan, enter the restaurant. Ross stares at them.)*

**Kristin:** That's funny. Who are they?

**Ross:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#blond\|blond]] woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.

**Kristin:** You mean they're [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lovers]].

**Ross:** If you wanna put a label on it.

**Kristin:** Wow, uh, anything else I should know?

**Ross:** Nope, nope, that's it.

*(Carol takes off her jacket, her pregnant belly is exposed.)*

**Ross:** Oh, and she's [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] with my baby. I always forget that part. *(to Carol and Susan)* Helloo!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the girls are holding their boyfriend bonfire.

**Phoebe:** Ok, so now we need, um [[Friends-词汇总表#sage\|sage]] branches and the [[Friends-词汇总表#sacramental\|sacramental]] wine.

**Monica:** All I have is, is [[Friends-词汇总表#oregano\|oregano]] and a Fresca.

**Phoebe:** Um, that's ok! *(throws it in fire)* Ok. All right. Now we need the [[Friends-词汇总表#semen\|semen]] of a [[Friends-词汇总表#righteous\|righteous]] man.

**Rachel:** Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the [[Friends-词汇总表#ritual\|ritual]] in the first place.

**Monica:** Can we just start throwing things in?

**Phoebe:** Ok, yeah, ok. *(she throws the directions in)* Oh, OK.

**Rachel:** *(tossing things in the fire)* Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's [[Friends-词汇总表#boxer\|boxer]] shorts.

**Phoebe:** Ok, and I have the, uh [[Friends-词汇总表#receipt\|receipt]] for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.

**Monica:** Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.

**Rachel:** *(looking at picture)* Hey he's wearing a [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]].

**Monica:** No. Rachel and Phoebe: Eww!

**Rachel:** And here we have the last of Paulo's [[Friends-词汇总表#grappa\|grappa]].

**Monica:** Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]]...

*(Rachel throws the alcohol in the fire. A burst of flames shoots up from it.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are there. Chandler is preparing to dump Janice again.

**Chandler:** How can I [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] this woman on Valentine's day?

**Joey:** I don't know. You [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] her on New Year's.

**Chandler:** Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]].

*(Janice enters.)*

**Janice:** Hello, funny Valentine.

**Chandler:** Hi, Just Janice.

**Janice:** Hello, Joey, our little [[Friends-词汇总表#matchmaker\|matchmaker]]. I could just kiss you all over, and I'm gonna!

*(Janice kisses Joey all over. Chandler smiles.)*

**Joey:** *(to Chandler)* If you don't do it, I will.


> [!scene] Scene: The Chinese Restaurant.

**Ross:** So, um, what do you do for a living?

**Kristin:** Well, um, for the past few years I've been working..*(Ross is watching Carol and Susan, not listening to Kristin. Susan gets up, and has to go. Carol is left stranded)*...which is funny because, that wasn't even my major.

**Carol:** Oh no. I thought you said they could [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] without you.

**Susan:** I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry.

*(Ross realizes Kristin was expecting him to laugh, so he starts to laugh hysterically.)*

**Ross:** Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]], and, and sad.

**Kristin:** *(reluctantly)* I guess.

**Ross:** Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?

**Carol:** Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine.

**Ross:** Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaches]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] grade. And, Kristin, Kristin...*(struggling)*...does something that, [[Friends-词汇总表#funnily\|funnily]] enough, wasn't even her major!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, firemen are there to handle the bonfire that got out of control.] Fireman No. 1: What do we got there? Fireman No. 2: A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred picture—Wow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!

**Monica:** You know, it's a really funny story how this happened. Fireman No. 3: It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]]. This isn't the first boyfriend [[Friends-词汇总表#bonfire\|bonfire]] that we've seen get out of control. Fireman No. 1: You're our third call tonight.

**Rachel:** Really? Fireman No. 2: Oh, sure, Valentine's is our [[Friends-词汇总表#busiest\|busiest]] night of the year.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk.

**Janice:** I brought you something.

**Chandler:** Is it loaded? Oh, little [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] hearts. *(reading the candy)* Chan and Jan Forever.

**Janice:** I had them made special.

**Chandler:** Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.

**Janice:** That's fine.

**Chandler:** *(surprised)* It is?

**Janice:** Mmm-hmm. Because I know that this isn't the end.

**Chandler:** Oh no, you see, actually it is.

**Janice:** No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.

**Chandler:** Oh, no I don't.

**Janice:** Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?

**Chandler:** I did, but...

**Janice:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#seek\|seek]] me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a [[Friends-词汇总表#foghorn\|foghorn]]. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.

*(She kisses him passionately,then leaves.)*

**Chandler:** Call me!


> [!scene] Scene: The Chinese Restaurant, Ross and Carol are talking. Kristin is not there.

**Carol:** It's not true. I never called your mother a [[Friends-词汇总表#wolverine\|wolverine]].

**Ross:** You did so. I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]], I swear—*(noticing Kristin's absence)* How long has she been in the bathroom?

**Carol:** Uh, I don't think she's in the bathroom. Her [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] is gone.

**Ross:** Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]] up the first date I had in 9 years.

**Carol:** That could be it.

**Ross:** Oh, god. *(He puts his head down on the grill)* You know, this is still pretty hot. *(He picks his head up, and a mushroom sticks to his head. Carol picks it off and eats it.)*

**Carol:** Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny

**Ross:** No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a [[Friends-词汇总表#wacky\|wacky]] thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]]? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] for now you know? Let's just stick a [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't [[Friends-词汇总表#deny\|deny]] it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.

*(They kiss.)*

**Carol:** Oh, I love you too. But...

**Ross:** No but, no but.

**Carol:** You know that thing you put over here with the [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you.

**Ross:** That's easy for you to say, you found one already.

**Carol:** All you need is a woman who likes men and you'll be set.

*(A beautiful woman walks by Ross, he stares at her.)*

**Carol:** Not her.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, The girls are talking with the firemen.] Fireman No. 3: We get off around midnight, why don't we pick you up then?

**Rachel:** So, um, will you bring the truck? Fireman No. 3: I'll even let you ring the [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]].

**Rachel:** Oh, my god.

**Phoebe:** See, there you go, the [[Friends-词汇总表#cleanse\|cleansing]] works!

**Monica:** They're nice guys.

**Rachel:** Oh, they're [[Friends-词汇总表#fireman\|firemen]] guys.


> [!scene] Scene: Out in the hall, the firemen are talking.] Fireman No. 1: You guys tell them you were married? Fireman No. 2: No way! Fireman No. 3: Are you kidding? My girlfriend doesn't know, I'm not gonna tell them!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（26）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 3 | 215 | 100 | *I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 3 | 133 | 83 | *Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' outta your zipper ever since y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Oh, I miss you already. Can you believe this happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 2 | 66 | 50 | *Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching!  Th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 2 | 92 | 56 | *Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching!  Th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfrien* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 2 | 219 | 100 | *Kiss me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 2 | 84 | 58 | *Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a whit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex.  "Was it good for you?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *I hope she throws up on you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part.  Helloo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *I guess.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 8 | 38 | 20 | *She lent me an egg once.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 3 | 31 | 26 | *No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] | /'kri:pi/ | a. 爬行的, 令人毛骨悚然的 | s. annoying and unpleasant | 3 | 17 | 15 | *'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 3 | 55 | 42 | *No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] | /pin/ | n. 大头针, 针, 别针, 栓, 销子, 图钉, 插头, 管脚, 品(液量单位) | n. a piece of jewelry that is pinned onto the wearer's garment | 3 | 19 | 12 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 2 | 56 | 32 | *No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 2 | 58 | 48 | *No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 2 | 55 | 42 | *Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 2 | 34 | 30 | *Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 2 | 28 | 23 | *I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 2 | 118 | 49 | *Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part.  Helloo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 2 | 62 | 47 | *You did so. I swear, I swear— How long has she been in the bathroom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]] | /'telin/ | 樱蛤 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *I think it's insane.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depend]] | /di'pend/ | vi. 靠, 视...而定, 信赖 | v. be contingent upon (something that is elided) | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] | /dєә/ | n. 挑战, 挑动, 大胆 | n. a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy | 1 | 13 | 12 | *No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] | /pә'θetik/ | a. 悲哀的, 可怜的, 感伤的, 差劲的 | s. inspiring mixed contempt and pity | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching!  Th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching!  Th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 1 | 53 | 31 | *She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a whit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a whit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a whit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *There's more beer, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]] | /ʃeiv/ | n. 修面, 刮胡子, 幸免, 剃刀 | n. the act of removing hair with a razor | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfrien* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]] | /bɒ:ld/ | a. 秃头的, 光秃的, 单调的, 赤裸的 | v. grow bald; lose hair on one's head | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] | /tәu/ | n. 足趾, 趾部, 脚趾 | n. one of the digits of the foot | 1 | 25 | 18 | *You know, ever since I was little, I've been able to pick up quarters with my toes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Good for you.  Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] | /lik/ | n. 舔, 少许, 打 | n. touching with the tongue | 1 | 15 | 11 | *She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] | /'tʃɒkәlit/ | n. 巧克力 | n. a food made from roasted ground cacao beans | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Uh, can we have three chocolate mousses to go please?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *You got it. Good woman!  Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]] | /ʃæm'pein/ | n. 香槟酒, 香槟酒色 | n. a white sparkling wine either produced in Champagne or resembling that produc | 1 | 19 | 13 | *You got it. Good woman!  Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *You mean they're lovers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] | /dʒɑ:/ | n. 广口瓶, 震动, 刺耳声 | n. a vessel (usually cylindrical) with a wide mouth and without handles | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *Hey he's wearing a sweater.* |
| eww |  | abbr. 墨西哥指数基金 |  | 1 | 23 | 17 | *No. Rachel and Phoebe: Eww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] | /brʌʃ/ | n. 刷子, 毛笔, 争吵 | n. a dense growth of bushes | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] | /siksθ/ | num. 第六, 六分之一 | n. position six in a countable series of things | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *You know, it's a really funny story how this happened. Fireman No. 3: It's all right. It's all right* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] | /'kændi/ | n. 糖果, 冰糖 | n. a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts | 1 | 57 | 23 | *Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts.  Chan and Jan Forever.* |
| chan |  | n. 通道（槽, 沟） |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts.  Chan and Jan Forever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] | /'pә:fiktli/ | adv. 完全地, 无瑕疵地, 完整地 | r. in a perfect or faultless way | 1 | 20 | 16 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] | /ә'said/ | n. 小声说的话, 旁白 | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the  | 1 | 18 | 15 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |
| somethin |  | [网络] 事端；情书 |  | 1 | 16 | 12 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *So, um, will you bring the truck? Fireman No. 3: I'll even let you ring the bell.* |

### 低频词（72）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#valentine\|valentine]] | /'vælәntain/ | n. 情人, 情人节礼物 | n. a sweetheart chosen to receive a greeting on Saint Valentine's Day | 7 | 35 | 7 | *'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fireman\|fireman]] | /'faiәmәn/ | n. 救火队员, 消防队员 | n. play in which children pretend to put out a fire | 4 | 22 | 6 | *You know, it's a really funny story how this happened. Fireman No. 3: It's all right. It's all right* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ritual\|ritual]] | /'ritʃuәl/ | n. 仪式, 典礼, 宗教仪式 | n. any customary observance or practice | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfrien* |
| kristin |  | n. 克莉丝汀（女子名） |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. C* |
| roger | /'rɔdʒә/ | interj. 对!, 行!, 好! |  | 2 | 27 | 5 | *Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#makin\|makin]] |  | 梅金（人名） | n battles in World War II in the Pacific (November 1943); United States Marines  | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.* |
| carney | /'kɑ:ni/ | v. 哄骗 | n. A disease of horses, in which the mouth is so furred that | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cleanse\|cleanse]] | /klenz/ | vt. 使清洁, 净化, 使纯净 | v. clean one's body or parts thereof, as by washing | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfrien* |
| sayin |  | [网络] 宋颖颐 |  | 2 | 8 | 7 | *I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one* |
| scooch |  | [网络] 往旁边挪一下位置；挪位子 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] | /lend/ | vt. 借, 贷款给, 增添, 提供, 出租 | v. bestow a quality on | 1 | 9 | 7 | *She lent me an egg once.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shell\|shell]] | /ʃel/ | n. 贝壳, 壳, 外形, 炮弹 | n. ammunition consisting of a cylindrical metal casing containing an explosive c | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suicide\|suicide]] | /'sjuisaid/ | n. 自杀, 自杀者 | n. the act of killing yourself | 1 | 8 | 5 | *No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frighten\|frighten]] | /'fraitn/ | vt. 使惊吓 | v. cause fear in | 1 | 8 | 7 | *'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bail\|bail]] | /beil/ | n. 保释, 拎环, 杓, 栅栏 | n. (criminal law) money that must be forfeited by the bondsman if an accused per | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]] | /'ni:di/ | a. 贫穷的, 贫困的, 生活艰苦的 | n. needy people collectively | 1 | 9 | 5 | *Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching!  Th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vulnerable\|vulnerable]] | /'vʌlnәrәbl/ | a. 易受伤害的, 有弱点的, 易受影响的, 脆弱的, 成局的 | a. susceptible to attack | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching!  Th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zinfandel\|zinfandel]] | /'zinfәndel/ | 馨芳葡萄酒 | n. small black grape grown chiefly in California; transplanted from Europe | 1 | 2 | 2 | *She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a whit* |
| waitin |  | [网络] 林玮亭；我一直在等待 |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lorraine\|lorraine]] | /lɔ'rein/ | n. 洛林（法国东北部的一个地区）；罗琳（人名） | n. an eastern French region rich in iron-ore deposits | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yellin\|yellin]] |  | n. (Yellin)人名；(英、以)耶林；(俄)叶林 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weeper\|weeper]] | /'wi:pә/ | n. 哭泣者 | n. a person who weeps | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex.  "Was it good for you?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magnet\|magnet]] | /'mægnit/ | n. 磁铁, 有吸引力之人, 有吸引力之物 | n. (physics) a device that attracts iron and produces a magnetic field | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.* |
| abby | /'æbi/ | n. 艾比（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfrien* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cycle\|cycle]] | /'saikl/ | n. 周期, 循环, 自行车, 一段时间, 整套 | n. an interval during which a recurring sequence of events occurs | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfrien* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#voluntarily\|voluntarily]] | /.vɒlәn'terili/ | adv. 自愿地, 以自由意志 | r. out of your own free will | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chant\|chant]] | /tʃænt. tʃɑ:nt/ | n. 圣歌, 赞美诗 | n. a repetitive song in which as many syllables as necessary are assigned to a s | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] | /'pʌpit/ | n. 傀儡, 木偶 | n. a small figure of a person operated from above with strings by a puppeteer | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]] | /'θiәtә/ | n. 戏院, 电影院, 剧场, 全体观众, 戏剧, 戏剧效果, 阶梯式讲堂, 场所 | n. a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be prese | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cruelty\|cruelty]] | /'kru:әlti/ | n. 残酷, 野蛮, 残酷行为 | n. a cruel act; a deliberate infliction of pain and suffering | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slather\|slather]] | /'slæðә/ | vt. 厚厚地涂, 大量使用 | v. spread thickly | 1 | 1 | 1 | *She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mousse\|mousse]] | /mu:s/ | n. 奶油冻 | n. a rich, frothy, creamy dessert made with whipped egg whites and heavy cream | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Uh, can we have three chocolate mousses to go please?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crappy\|crappy]] | /'kræpi/ | a. <俚>蹩脚的, 没价值的, 讨厌的 | s very bad | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh, what a crappy night!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stickin\|stickin]] |  | na. 添注 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' outta your zipper ever since y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zipper\|zipper]] | /'zipә/ | n. 拉链 | n a fastener for locking together two toothed edges by means of a sliding tab | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' outta your zipper ever since y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]] | /di'zә:t/ | n. 餐后甜点 | n. a dish served as the last course of a meal | 1 | 21 | 9 | *Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overprice\|overprice]] | /,әuvә'prais/ | vt. 对...定价过高, 对...估价过高 | v. price excessively high | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You got it. Good woman!  Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|rob]] | /rɒb/ | v. 抢夺, 抢掠, 剥夺 | v. take something away by force or without the consent of the owner | 1 | 11 | 9 | *That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy.  I've always wanted to know...* |
| roy | /rɔi/ | n. 罗伊（男子名） | n. A king. | 1 | 6 | 4 | *That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy.  I've always wanted to know...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reunion\|reunion]] | /ri:'ju:njәn/ | n. 团圆, 重聚 | n. a party of former associates who have come together again | 1 | 3 | 3 | *This is so fun. This is like a reunion in the hall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jet\|jet]] | /dʒet/ | n. 喷射流, 喷嘴, 煤玉 | n. an airplane powered by one or more jet engines | 1 | 6 | 4 | *I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lag\|lag]] | /læg/ | n. 落后, 囚犯, 迟延, 桶板, 防护套 | v. hang (back) or fall (behind) in movement, progress, development, etc. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blond\|blond]] | /blɒnd/ | a. 金发的 | n. a person with fair skin and hair | 1 | 9 | 7 | *The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sage\|sage]] | /seidʒ/ | n. 圣人, 哲人, 鼠尾草属植物 | n. a mentor in spiritual and philosophical topics who is renowned for profound w | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sacramental\|sacramental]] | /sækrә'mentl/ | a. 圣礼的, 圣餐的, 受圣礼约束的, 受誓言约束的, 神圣的 | a. of or relating to or involving a sacrament | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oregano\|oregano]] | /ɔ:'re^әnәu, ә-/ | n. 〈植〉牛至 | n. aromatic Eurasian perennial | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.* |
| fresca |  | abbr. Fermi-level referenced electron spectroscopy for chemi |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#semen\|semen]] | /'si:mәn/ | n. 精液, 精子 | n. the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male g | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Um, that's ok!  Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#righteous\|righteous]] | /'raitʃәs/ | a. 公正的, 正义的, 正直的 | a. characterized by or proceeding from accepted standards of morality or justice | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Um, that's ok!  Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adam\|adam]] | /'ædәm/ | n. 亚当 | n. (Old Testament) in Judeo-Christian mythology; the first man and the husband o | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ritter\|ritter]] | /'ritə/ | n. 骑士 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boxer\|boxer]] | /'bɒksә/ | n. 拳师 | n. someone who fights with his fists for sport | 1 | 10 | 5 | *Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#receipt\|receipt]] | /ri'si:t/ | n. 收据, 收入, 收到 | n. an acknowledgment (usually tangible) that payment has been made | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.* |
| oon |  | abbr. 面向对象的数值计算（object-oriented numerics） | a. One. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.* |
| scotty | /'skɔti/ | n. 苏格兰狗（等于Scottie） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.* |
| paulo |  | n. 保罗（男子名） |  | 1 | 7 | 4 | *And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grappa\|grappa]] | /'^rɑ:pɑ:/ | <意>n.格拉巴酒(用酒渣酿制的一种白兰地) | n. Italian brandy made from residue of grapes after pressing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] | /pjuә/ | a. 纯的, 纯净的, 纯洁的, 清白的, 完美的, 无瑕的, 抽象的 | a. free of extraneous elements of any kind | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#matchmaker\|matchmaker]] | /'mætʃ.meikә/ | n. 火柴制造者, 媒人, 安排比赛的人 | n. someone who arranges (or tries to arrange) marriages for others | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hello, Joey, our little matchmaker. I could just kiss you all over, and I'm gonna!* |
| scooching |  | [网络] 扫帚 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. C* |
| kristen |  | 克里斯汀（人名） |  | 1 | 8 | 2 | *Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#riggs\|riggs]] |  | 里格斯（人名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. C* |
| willick |  | [网络] 威克斯 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#funnily\|funnily]] | /'fʌnili/ | adv. 滑稽可笑地 | r in a strange manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bonfire\|bonfire]] | /'bɒnfaiә/ | n. 大篝火, 营火 | n. a large outdoor fire that is lighted as a signal or in celebration | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You know, it's a really funny story how this happened. Fireman No. 3: It's all right. It's all right* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busiest\|busiest]] |  | a. 最忙的（busy的最高级形式） | a actively or fully engaged or occupied | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Really? Fireman No. 2: Oh, sure, Valentine's is our busiest night of the year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seek\|seek]] | /si:k/ | vt. 寻求, 寻找, 探索, 追求, 搜索, 请求 | n. the movement of a read/write head to a specific data track on a disk | 1 | 6 | 5 | *You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You wan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foghorn\|foghorn]] | /'fɒghɒ:n/ | n. 雾号, 响而尖的声音 | n. a loud low warning signal that can be heard by fogbound ships | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You wan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wolverine\|wolverine]] | /'wjlvәri:n/ | n. [动]狼獾,豹熊,狼獾皮 | n. stocky shaggy-coated North American carnivorous mammal | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's not true. I never called your mother a wolverine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mushroom\|mushroom]] | /'mʌʃrum/ | n. 蘑菇形物, 蘑菇, 暴发户 | n. common name for an edible agaric (contrasting with the inedible toadstool) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wacky\|wacky]] | /'wæki/ | a. 古怪的 | s ludicrous, foolish | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deny\|deny]] | /di'nai/ | v. 否认, 拒绝 | v. declare untrue; contradict | 1 | 7 | 5 | *No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'* |
