---
season: 1
episode: "10"
title: "The One With The Monkey"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E10 — The One With The Monkey

*Written by: Adam Chase & Ira Ungerleider*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is entering.

**Ross:** Guys? There's a somebody I'd like you to meet.

*(A monkey jumps on to his shoulder.)*

**All:** Oooh!

**Monica:** W-wait. What is that?

**Ross:** 'That' would be Marcel. You wanna say hi?

**Monica:** No, no, I don't.

**Rachel:** Oh, he is [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]]! Where did you get him?

**Ross:** My friend Bethel [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescued]] him from some lab.

**Phoebe:** That is so [[Friends-词汇总表#cruel\|cruel]]! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?

**Chandler:** Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!

**Monica:** Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?

**Ross:** Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] since Carol left, so...

**Monica:** Why don't you just get a [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]?

**Ross:** Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] is kinda pathe- *(Realises)* ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is getting ready to sing. Joey is not there.

**Phoebe:** So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] new songs about my mother's [[Friends-词汇总表#suicide\|suicide]], and one about a [[Friends-词汇总表#snowman\|snowman]].

**Chandler:** Might wanna open with the [[Friends-词汇总表#snowman\|snowman]].

*(Enter Joey)*

**All:** Hey, Joey. Hey, buddy.

**Monica:** So, how'd it go?

**Joey:** Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.

**Ross:** How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.

**Joey:** I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even [[Friends-词汇总表#jolly\|jolly]], it's all political.

**Monica:** So what are you gonna be?

**Joey:** Ah, I'm gonna be one of his [[Friends-词汇总表#helper\|helpers]]. It's just such a [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] in the face, y'know?

**Rachel:** Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? *(They all protest and hit her with cushions)* Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?

**Chandler:** Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] pressures of this holiday: [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#scramble\|scramble]] to find anything with [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]] just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]!

**Rachel:** Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] as the rest of you.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, you wish!

**Chandler:** It's just that I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] of being a [[Friends-词汇总表#victim\|victim]] of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]]. Just the six of us- dinner.

**All:** Yeah, okay. Alright.

**Chandler:** Y'know, I was hoping for a little more [[Friends-词汇总表#enthusiasm\|enthusiasm]].

**All:** Woooo! Yeah!

**Rachel:** Phoebe, you're on.

**Phoebe:** Oh, oh, good.

**Rachel:** *(Into microphone)* Okay, hi. Ladies and [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]], back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!

**Phoebe:** *(Takes mike)* Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year. *(Shakes bell as an introduction)* *(Sung:)* I made a man with eyes of [[Friends-词汇总表#coal\|coal]] And a [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] so bewitchin', How was I supposed to know That my mom was dead in the kitchen?

*(shakes bell) La lalala la la la la lalala la la...*

*(Cut to later. Everyone is totally depressed by now.)*

**Phoebe:** *(Sung)* ...My mother's [[Friends-词汇总表#ash\|ashes]] Even her [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelashes]] Are resting in a little yellow [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]], And sometimes when it's [[Friends-词汇总表#breezy\|breezy]]...

*(Over the sound of Phoebe singing we hear two scientists, Max and David, having a noisy discussion)*

**Phoebe:** *(Sung)* ...I feel a little [[Friends-词汇总表#sneezy\|sneezy]] And now I- *(abruptly stops)* Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#noisy\|noisy]] boys! *(They stop talking and look up)* Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?

**Max:** No. No, that's- that's okay.

**Phoebe:** Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] it's important enough for everyone else to hear!

**Chandler:** *(Quietly, to the others)* That guy's going home with a note!

**David:** Noth- I was- I was just saying to my-

**Phoebe:** Could you speak up please?

**David:** *(Stands up and speaks more loudly)* Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought

**Max:** Daryl Hannah.

**David:** Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a

**Max:** Hard quality.

**David:** -hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a [[Friends-词汇总表#conventional\|conventional]] way, you are [[Friends-词汇总表#luminous\|luminous]] with a kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#delicate\|delicate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#grace\|grace]]. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]]. *(Sits down)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, we're gonna take a short break. *(Goes over to their table)*

**Joey:** Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone except Joey is decorating for Christmas.

**Ross:** Come here, Marcel. Sit here. *(Marcel wanders off)*

**Rachel:** Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?

**Ross:** Just a smidge.

**Phoebe:** David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very [[Friends-词汇总表#methodical\|methodical]].

**Monica:** I think it's [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]].

**Phoebe:** Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's [[Friends-词汇总表#smarter\|smarter]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#gentler\|gentler]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#sweeter\|sweeter]]... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasions]]...

**Chandler:** Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]]. She's gonna break the pact.

**Phoebe:** No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?

**Chandler:** Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.

**Monica:** What?!

**Ross:** C'mon, this was a [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]]! This was your pact!

**Chandler:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snapped]], okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.

**Monica:** Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] [[Friends-词汇总表#breakup\|breakup]] in history!

**Chandler:** I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snapped]]!


> [!scene] Joey enters, his shoes have bells on, which jingle as he walks. He is wearing a long coat.

**Joey:** Hi. Hi, sorry I'm late.

*(He removes the coat to reveal an elf costume)*

**Chandler:** Too many jokes... must [[Friends-词汇总表#mock\|mock]] Joey!

**Joey:** Nice [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]], huh? *(He wiggles his foot and the bells tinkle)*

**Chandler:** Aah, y'killing me!

*(Marcel knocks over some kitchen tools)*

**Monica:** Ross! He's playing with my [[Friends-词汇总表#spatula\|spatulas]] again!

**Ross:** Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?

**Monica:** Do you always have to bring him here?

**Ross:** I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some [[Friends-词汇总表#faeces\|faeces]]...

**Chandler:** Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.

**Ross:** Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a [[Friends-词汇总表#favour\|favour]] to me.

**Chandler:** Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.


> [!scene] Scene: Max and David's lab, David is explaining something to Phoebe with the aid of a whiteboard.

**David:** ...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's [[Friends-词汇总表#particle\|particle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#accelerator\|accelerators]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] near powerful enough to [[Friends-词汇总表#simulate\|simulate]] these conditions.

**Phoebe:** Okay, alright, I have a question, then.

**David:** Yuh.

**Phoebe:** Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?

**David:** Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be

*(Writes YES on the board) yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.*

**Phoebe:** Sure.

**David:** Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more [[Friends-词汇总表#phenomenal\|phenomenal]] the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweep]] everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, David, I, I think you are a [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweeping]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]]. I mean, you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#sweeper\|sweeper]]! ...[[Friends-词汇总表#trap\|trapped]] inside a physicist's body.

**David:** Rrrreally.

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweep]] and throw me.

**David:** ...Now? Now?

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah, right now.

**David:** Okay, okay, okay. *(Gets ready to sweep, and then picks up a laptop computer)* Y'know what, this was just really [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]]. *(Puts it down elsewhere. Then picks up a microscope)* And I'll take- this was a gift. *(Moves it)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, now you're just kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#tidy\|tidying]].

**David:** Okay, what the hell, what the hell. *(Sweeps the remaining papers off the desk and grabs Phoebe)* You want me to actually throw you or you-you wanna just hop?

**Phoebe:** I can hop. *(She hops onto the table)*

*(They kiss, finally)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.

**Ross:** So tell me something. What does the [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]] 'no date pact' mean to you?

**Monica:** I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.

**Chandler:** Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Joey:** You know more than one Fun Bobby?

**Chandler:** I happen to know a Fun Bob.

**Rachel:** *(Brings Joey a mug of coffee)* Okay, here we go...

**Joey:** Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]]!

**Rachel:** *(Glances at Joey and then sips his coffee)* There. Now there is.

**Ross:** Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.

**Joey:** Uh, four.

**Ross:** Four.

**Rachel:** Five.

**Ross:** Five. *(Buries his head in his hands)*

**Rachel:** Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.

**Joey:** Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an [[Friends-词汇总表#elf\|elf]] to do?

**Ross:** Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?

**Rachel:** Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.

**Ross:** Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.

**Monica:** What's the matter?

**Ross:** Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shutting]] me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|dragging]] his hands...

**Chandler:** That's so weird, I had such a [[Friends-词汇总表#blast\|blast]] with him the other night.

**Ross:** Really.

**Chandler:** Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that [[Friends-词汇总表#juggle\|juggling]] thing is amazing.

**Ross:** What, uh... what [[Friends-词汇总表#juggle\|juggling]] thing?

**Chandler:** With the balled-up [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|socks]]? I figured you [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] him that.

**Ross:** No.

**Chandler:** Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|socks]]... and a [[Friends-词汇总表#melon\|melon]]...

*(Max runs in)*

**Max:** Phoebe. Hi.

**Phoebe:** Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?

**Max:** No. Have you seen David?

**Phoebe:** No, no, he hasn't been around.

**Max:** Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags. We are going to Minsk.

**Phoebe:** Minsk?

**Max:** Minsk. It's in Russia.

**Phoebe:** I know where Minsk is.

**Max:** We got the grant. Three years, all [[Friends-词汇总表#expense\|expenses]] paid.

**Phoebe:** So when, when do you leave?

**Max:** January first.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Max and David's lab, they are working. Phoebe knocks on the door

**Phoebe:** Hello?

**David:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hi.

**David:** Hi! *(Kisses her)* What-what're you doing here?

**Phoebe:** Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so *(Puts on a fake cheery voice)* [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulations]]! This is so exciting!

**Max:** It'd be even more exciting if we were going.

**Phoebe:** Oh, you're not going? *(Fake disappointed voice)* Oh, why?

**Max:** Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonononononono. I wanna stay here and make out with my girlfriend!!' *(Storms out)*

**David:** Thank you, Max. Thank you.

**Phoebe:** So-so you're really not going?

**David:** I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I just- you [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]].

**Phoebe:** Oh don't do that.

**David:** Please.

**Phoebe:** Oh no no.

**David:** No, but I'm asking-

**Phoebe:** Oh, but I can't do that-

**David:** No, but I can't-

**Phoebe:** It's your thing, and-

**David:** -make the decision-

**Phoebe:** Okay, um, stay.

**David:** Stay.

**Phoebe:** Stay.

*(He thinks for a moment and sweeps the stuff off the table)*

**Phoebe:** Getting so good at that! *(She hops on)*

**David:** It was Max's stuff. *(They kiss)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the party has started.

**Janice:** I love this [[Friends-词汇总表#artichoke\|artichoke]] thing! Oh, don't tell me what's in it, the diet starts tomorrow! *(Laughs her Janice laugh)*

**Chandler:** You remember Janice.

**Monica:** Vividly.

*(Someone knocks on the door; Monica gets it)*

**Monica:** Hi.

**Sandy:** Hi, I'm Sandy.

**Joey:** Sandy! Hi! C'mon in! *(She enters, followed by a young boy and a younger girl)*...You brought your kids.

**Sandy:** Yeah. That's okay, right?

*(Joey and Monica look at each other and shrug. Ross enters with Marcel on his shoulder)*

**Ross:** Par-tay!

**Monica:** That thing is not coming in here.

**Ross:** 'That thing'? This is how you [[Friends-词汇总表#greet\|greet]] guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?

**Monica:** I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't [[Friends-词汇总表#urinate\|urinate]] on my coffee table.

**Ross:** Okay. He was more [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]] about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the [[Friends-词汇总表#courage\|courage]] to walk back in here like nothing happened...

**Monica:** Alright. Just keep him away from me.

**Ross:** Thank you. *(She walks off)* C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little [[Friends-词汇总表#mingle\|mingling]]? *(Marcel runs off)* Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later.

*(The door opens. Rachel is standing there. Her coat is muddy and torn, her hair is dishevelled and her face is bruised. Everyone turns to look)*

**Monica:** Oh my [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]]! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?

**Rachel:** Rome. Jerk missed his flight.

**Phoebe:** And then... your face is [[Friends-词汇总表#bloat\|bloated]]?

**Rachel:** No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]], when this woman- this [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] [[Friends-词汇总表#planet\|planet]] with a pocketbook- starts [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack [[Friends-词汇总表#whistle\|whistle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#thingy\|thingy]] and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she [[Friends-词汇总表#tackle\|tackles]] me. And I hit my head on the [[Friends-词汇总表#kerb\|kerb]] and cut my [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? *(To Monica)* Are people eating my [[Friends-词汇总表#dip\|dip]]?


> [!scene] Time lapse. Monica and Rachel, fixed up somewhat, emerge from a bedroom

**Sandy:** Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever [[Friends-词汇总表#mentally\|mentally]] [[Friends-词汇总表#undress\|undressed]] an [[Friends-词汇总表#elf\|elf]].

**Joey:** Wow, that's, uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]].

**Sandy:** Yeah.

*(They almost kiss and then Joey realises her kids are staring at them)*

**Joey:** Hey, kids...

**Ross:** *(Watching Marcel play with Phoebe. To Chandler)* Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.

**Janice:** *(Startles them)* There you are! Haaah, you got away from me!

**Chandler:** *(Imitating)* But you found me!

**Janice:** Here, Ross, take our picture. *(Hands him a camera and he starts snapping)* Smile! You're on Janice Camera!

**Chandler:** Kill me. Kill me now.

*(Someone else knocks on the door. Monica looks through the spyhole)*

**Monica:** Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby!

*(Everyone cheers. Monica opens the door. Bobby is obviously very depressed)*

**Fun Bobby:** Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!

**Joey:** *(Approaching)* Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?

*(Monica gestures wildly behind Fun Bobby's back)*


> [!scene] Time lapse. Bobby is talking about his grandfather. Everyone else is virtually in tears

**Fun Bobby:** It's gonna be an open casket, y'know, so at least I'll- I get to see him again.

**Janice:** *(Ross is still taking their photo)* Oh, I'm gonna blow this one up, and I'm gonna write 'Reunited' in [[Friends-词汇总表#glitter\|glitter]].

**Chandler:** Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#necessarily\|necessarily]] think that it meant that we-

**Janice:** Oh, no. Oh, no.

**Chandler:** I'm sorry you [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstood]]...

**Janice:** Oh my God. You listen to me, Chandler, you listen to me. One of these times is just gonna be your last chance with me. *(She runs off)*

*(Ross is still taking photos)*

**Chandler:** Oh, will you give me the thing. *(Snatches the camera)*

*(David is feeding Phoebe popcorn. Max walks up)*

**Phoebe:** Hi, Max!

**Max:** Yoko. *(To David)* I've [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to go to Minsk without you.

**David:** Wow.

**Max:** It won't be the same- but it'll still be Minsk. Happy New Year.*(Walks off)*

**Phoebe:** Are you alright?

**David:** Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine.

*(Phoebe leads David into a bedroom)*

**Phoebe:** You're going to Minsk.

**David:** No, I'm... not going to Minsk.

**Phoebe:** Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.

**David:** Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.

**Phoebe:** Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tearing]] me [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]], but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say *(Hits him)* 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.

**David:** Uh, ow.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]] around me. And then you put your arms around me. *(He does so)* And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.

**David:** I'll never forget you.

**Phoebe:** And then you say that it's almost [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]] and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. *(They kiss)* I'm gonna miss you. You [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]] guy.

**Dick Clark:** *(on TV)* Hi, this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square. We're in a virtual snowstorm of confetti here in Times Square...

*(Joey puts a blanket over Sandy's kids)*

**Joey:** There y'go, kids.

**Chandler:** *(To a woman who he has clearly just met)* And then the [[Friends-词汇总表#peacock\|peacock]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] me.

*(Laughs) Please kiss me at midnight. (She leaves)*

**Joey:** You seen Sandy?

**Chandler:** Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]], getting it on with Max, that [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]] [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]]. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.

**Rachel:** Vrrbddy, the [[Friends-词汇总表#bll\|bll]] is drrbing.

**All:** *(in the kitchen)* What?

**Rachel:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#bll\|bll]] is drrbing!

**Dick Clark:** *(on TV)* In twenty seconds it'll be midnight...

**Chandler:** And the moment of [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]] is upon us.

**Joey:** Looks like that no date [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]] thing worked out.

**Phoebe:** Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.

**Monica:** Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby!

*(Bobby waves and then bursts into tears. Midnight comes and everyone at the party except for the gang cheers and kisses)*

**Chandler:** Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] [[Friends-词汇总表#whiz\|whiz]], but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. *(Makes kiss noise)*

**Phoebe:** I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.

**Rachel:** I can't kiss anyone.

**Monica:** So I'm kissing everyone?

**Joey:** Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.

**Ross:** Perfect. Perfect. So now everybody's getting kissed but me.

**Chandler:** Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]]! Somebody kiss me!

**Joey:** Alrightalrightalright. *(Kisses him. Ross takes a photo)* There.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, time lapse.

**Ross:** *(Watching Marcel and talking to Rachel)* I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diapers]], pickin' his [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|fleas]]... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.

**Rachel:** ...I think that bitch [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|cracked]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#tooth\|tooth]].


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 7 | 219 | 100 | *Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 4 | 156 | 115 | *Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 3 | 92 | 55 | *Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonono* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.   I made a man w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *...I feel a little sneezy And now I-  Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys!  Is it something that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Okay, what the hell, what the hell.  You want me to actually throw you or you-you wanna just hop?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 2 | 64 | 51 | *Okay, what the hell, what the hell.  You want me to actually throw you or you-you wanna just hop?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so  congratulations! This is so exciting!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Kill me. Kill me now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me.  An* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.   I made a man w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Could you speak up please?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Come here, Marcel. Sit here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Too many jokes... must mock Joey!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *I happen to know a Fun Bob.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *...I think that bitch cracked my tooth.* |

### 常用词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marcel\|marcel]] | /mɑ:'sel/ | n. 波浪形鬈发 | n. a hairdo characterized by deep regular waves that are made by a heated curlin | 4 | 84 | 10 | *'That' would be Marcel. You wanna say hi?* |
| dunno | /dʌ'nәj/ | v. <口>(我)不知道 |  | 3 | 29 | 16 | *Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe-  ....sorry, that'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]] | /'saiәntist/ | n. 科学家 | n. a person with advanced knowledge of one or more sciences | 3 | 21 | 15 | *David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 3 | 70 | 38 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 2 | 79 | 44 | *Why don't you just get a roommate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 2 | 42 | 36 | *Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.   I made a man w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 2 | 47 | 36 | *-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] | /'sɔ:tә/ | adv. 有几分地 |  | 2 | 20 | 15 | *Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 2 | 16 | 14 | *Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|sock]] | /sɒk/ | n. 短袜, 鞋垫, 一击 | n. hosiery consisting of a cloth covering for the foot; worn inside the shoe; re | 2 | 29 | 15 | *With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 2 | 48 | 35 | *Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me.  An* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]] | /'midnait/ | n. 午夜, 子夜, 半夜 | n. 12 o'clock at night; the middle of the night | 2 | 16 | 10 | *And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new * |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]] | /'preʃәs/ | a. 宝贵的, 珍贵的, 过于精致的, 珍爱的 | s. of high worth or cost | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] | /'mʌŋki/ | n. 猴子, 猿, 打桩锤 | n. any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians) | 1 | 86 | 23 | *Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] | /'kwaiәt/ | n. 安静, 闲适, 平静 | a. characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity | 1 | 19 | 16 | *Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 21 | 17 | *So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] | /slæp/ | n. 掴, 掌击, 侮辱, 拍击声 | n. a blow from a flat object (as an open hand) | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] | /pә'θetik/ | a. 悲哀的, 可怜的, 感伤的, 差劲的 | s. inspiring mixed contempt and pity | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 1 | 49 | 29 | *Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] | /dʒɑ:/ | n. 广口瓶, 震动, 刺耳声 | n. a vessel (usually cylindrical) with a wide mouth and without handles | 1 | 14 | 13 | *...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important eno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] | /siksθ/ | num. 第六, 六分之一 | n. position six in a countable series of things | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *I think it's romantic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] | /'nәuhwєә/ | adv. 无处, 到处都无 | n. an insignificant place | 1 | 15 | 15 | *...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trap\|trap]] | /træp/ | n. 圈套, 陷阱, 诡计, 存水弯 | n. a device in which something (usually an animal) can be caught and penned | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *Okay, okay, okay.  Y'know what, this was just really expensive.  And I'll take- this was a gift.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for milk!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] | /dræg/ | n. 拖, 拖累 | n. the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging hi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so  congratulations! This is so exciting!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I just- you decide.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk * |
| whaddya |  |  | Short for "What do you". | 1 | 17 | 10 | *Thank you.  C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling?  Alright, I'll, uh... catch u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Rome. Jerk missed his flight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] | /blɔnd/ | a. (头发)亚麻色的, 淡色的, 白肤金发碧眼的, 白里透红的, 白皙的, 淡黄色的 | n a person with fair skin and hair | 1 | 14 | 11 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 1 | 38 | 28 | *Wow, that's, uh, dirty.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] | /bi'lɒŋ/ | vi. 属于, 合适 | v. be owned by; be in the possession of | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do rig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] | /ә'pɑ:t/ | adv. 成零碎, 成距离, 分别地, 分离着 | s. remote and separate physically or socially | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do rig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] | /mæθ/ | n. 数学 | n a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity an | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] | /'daiәpә/ | n. 尿布 | n. garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened a | 1 | 21 | 14 | *I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|crack]] | /kræk/ | n. 裂缝, 爆裂声 | n. a long narrow opening | 1 | 19 | 17 | *...I think that bitch cracked my tooth.* |

### 低频词（96）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minsk\|minsk]] | /minsk/ | n. 明斯克（白俄罗斯首都） | n. the capital of Belarus and of the Commonwealth of Independent States | 12 | 27 | 5 | *Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags. We are going to Minsk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]] | /pækt/ | n. 契约, 协定, 条约 | n a written agreement between two states or sovereigns | 7 | 16 | 5 | *It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bobby\|bobby]] | /'bɒbi/ | n. 警察 | n. an informal term for a British policeman | 7 | 38 | 8 | *I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fu* |
| paolo | /'pɑ:ɔ:lɔ:/ | n. 保罗（男子名） | n. An old Italian silver coin, worth about ten cents. | 5 | 38 | 7 | *Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desp* |
| daryl | /'dæril/ | n. 达里尔(Darrell 的异体)(m.) |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Daryl Hannah.* |
| hannah | /'hænә/ | n. 汉娜（女子名） |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Daryl Hannah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snap]] | /snæp/ | vt. 使突然中断, 猛咬, 争夺, 拉断, 使有啪啪声, 厉声说, 突然射击, 用快照拍摄 | n. a spell of cold weather | 3 | 12 | 8 | *I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandy\|sandy]] | /'sændi/ | a. 沙的, 沙地的, 多沙的 | s of hair color; pale yellowish to yellowish brown | 3 | 15 | 4 | *Hi, I'm Sandy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bethel\|bethel]] | /'beθәl/ | n. 圣地, 教堂, (非英国国教的)礼拜堂 | n. a house of worship (especially one for sailors) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *My friend Bethel rescued him from some lab.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snowman\|snowman]] | /'snәumæn/ | n. 雪人 | n. a figure of a person made of packed snow | 2 | 2 | 1 | *So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rome\|rome]] | /rәum/ | n. 罗马 | n. capital and largest city of Italy; on the Tiber; seat of the Roman Catholic C | 2 | 11 | 5 | *Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweep]] | /swi:p/ | n. 扫除, 打扫, 肃清, 视野, 范围, 全胜 | n. a wide scope | 2 | 12 | 7 | *Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elf\|elf]] | /elf/ | n. 小精灵, 矮人, 淘气鬼 | n. (folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juggle\|juggle]] | /dʒʌgl/ | vi. 玩戏法, 行骗, 篡改 | n. the act of rearranging things to give a misleading impression | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whistle\|whistle]] | /'hwisl/ | n. 口哨, 汽笛, 啸啸声, 口哨声 | n. the sound made by something moving rapidly or by steam coming out of a small  | 2 | 6 | 4 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bll\|bll]] |  | [计] 基地址定位连接 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescue]] | /'reskju:/ | n. 援救, 解救, 营救 | n. recovery or preservation from loss or danger | 1 | 7 | 7 | *My friend Bethel rescued him from some lab.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cruel\|cruel]] | /'kru:әl/ | a. 残酷的, 令人极痛苦的 | s (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering | 1 | 6 | 6 | *That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sanskrit\|sanskrit]] | /'sænskrit/ | n. 梵语 | n. (Hinduism) an ancient language of India (the language of the Vedas and of Hin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe-  ....sorry, that'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suicide\|suicide]] | /'sjuisaid/ | n. 自杀, 自杀者 | n. the act of killing yourself | 1 | 8 | 5 | *So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, * |
| ahhhhhh |  | [网络] 啊呀 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jolly\|jolly]] | /'dʒɒli/ | a. 愉快的, 高兴的, 宜人的 | n. a happy party | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helper\|helper]] | /'helpә/ | n. 帮忙者, 有益的东西 | n a person who contributes to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an eff | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]] | /'despәrәt/ | a. 不顾一切的, 危急的, 令人绝望的, 极渴望的 | n. a person who is frightened and in need of help | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scramble\|scramble]] | /'skræmbl/ | n. 攀缘, 爬行, 抢夺, 混乱, 紧急起飞 | n. an unceremonious and disorganized struggle | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#victim\|victim]] | /'viktim/ | n. 受害人, 牺牲者, 牺牲品 | n. an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse circumstance | 1 | 6 | 6 | *It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dick\|dick]] | /dik/ | n. 家伙, 词典, 誓言(书) | n. someone who is a detective | 1 | 8 | 4 | *It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clark\|clark]] |  | n. 克拉克（男子名） | n. United States explorer who (with Meriwether Lewis) led an expedition from St. | 1 | 9 | 4 | *It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enthusiasm\|enthusiasm]] | /in'θju:ziæzәm/ | n. 巨大的热情, 热心 | n. a feeling of excitement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.* |
| woooo |  | [网络] 脱发河童；绝对空虚 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Woooo! Yeah!* |
| wooh |  | [网络] 光轮两千；梵希；你的心有一道墙 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coal\|coal]] | /kәul/ | n. 煤, 木炭 | n. fossil fuel consisting of carbonized vegetable matter deposited in the Carbon | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.   I made a man w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ash\|ash]] | /æʃ/ | n. 灰, 灰烬 | n. the residue that remains when something is burned | 1 | 2 | 2 | *...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelash]] | /'ailæʃ/ | n. 睫毛 | n. any of the short curved hairs that grow from the edges of the eyelids | 1 | 7 | 6 | *...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breezy\|breezy]] | /'bri:zi/ | a. 有微风的, 通风好的, 活泼的 | s. fresh and animated | 1 | 11 | 2 | *...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneezy\|sneezy]] | /'sni:zi/ | a. 老打喷嚏的, 引起喷嚏的 | s. inclined to sneeze | 1 | 1 | 1 | *...I feel a little sneezy And now I-  Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys!  Is it something that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noisy\|noisy]] | /'nɒizi/ | a. 嘈杂的, 喧闹的 | a. full of or characterized by loud and nonmusical sounds | 1 | 3 | 3 | *...I feel a little sneezy And now I-  Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys!  Is it something that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#splash\|splash]] | /splæʃ/ | n. 飞溅, 污点, 一点儿, 溅泼声, 色斑 | n. the sound like water splashing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conventional\|conventional]] | /kәn'venʃәnl/ | a. 传统的, 习惯的, 约定的 | a. following accepted customs and proprieties | 1 | 3 | 3 | *-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luminous\|luminous]] | /'lu:minәs/ | a. 发光的, 明亮的 | s softly bright or radiant | 1 | 1 | 1 | *-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicate\|delicate]] | /'delikәt/ | a. 细致优雅的, 微妙的, 美味的 | a. exquisitely fine and subtle and pleasing; susceptible to injury | 1 | 3 | 3 | *-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grace\|grace]] | /greis/ | n. 优雅, 风度, 慈悲, 恩惠, 体面, 赦免, 恩典, 谢恩祷告 | n. (Christian theology) a state of sanctification by God; the state of one who i | 1 | 3 | 3 | *-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with * |
| smidge |  | [网络] 一点点；撕不破纸板书 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Just a smidge.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#methodical\|methodical]] | /mi'θɒdikl/ | a. 有方法的, 有系统的 | s. characterized by method and orderliness | 1 | 1 | 1 | *David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smarter\|smarter]] |  | a. 聪明的；精明的（smart的比较级） | a showing mental alertness and calculation and resourcefulness | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentler\|gentler]] |  | a. 优雅的, 温和的 | s soft and mild; not harsh or stern or severe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweeter\|sweeter]] |  | n. 全景分析器 | a having or denoting the characteristic taste of sugar | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]] | /ә'keiʒәn/ | n. 场合, 时机, 机会, 诱因, 理由 | n. reason | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breakup\|breakup]] | /'breikʌp/ | n. 分裂, 崩溃, 解散, 解体 | n the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nation | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mock\|mock]] | /mɒk/ | n. 嘲笑, 戏弄, 模仿 | n. the act of mocking or ridiculing | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Too many jokes... must mock Joey!* |
| aah | /ɑ:/ | abbr.[军] Armored Artillery Howitzer, 装甲榴弹炮 | v express admiration and pleasure by uttering `ooh' or `aah' | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Aah, y'killing me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spatula\|spatula]] | /'spætʃәlә/ | n. 刮刀, 压舌片, 匙突 | n. a turner with a narrow flexible blade | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Ross! He's playing with my spatulas again!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#faeces\|faeces]] | /'fi:si:z/ | n. 粪便 | n solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favour\|favour]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好感, 偏爱, 喜爱, 相信, 庇护, 赞同, 支持, 信赖, 善行, 恩惠, 徽章, 礼物 | n a feeling of favorable regard | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#particle\|particle]] | /'pɑ:tikl/ | n. 颗粒, 粒子, 质点, 极小量 | n. a body having finite mass and internal structure but negligible dimensions | 1 | 3 | 3 | *...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accelerator\|accelerator]] | /әk'selәreitә/ | n. 加速剂, 加速器, 油门 | n. a pedal that controls the throttle valve | 1 | 1 | 1 | *...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#simulate\|simulate]] | /'simjuleit/ | vt. 模拟, 假装, 模仿 | v. make a pretence of | 1 | 2 | 2 | *...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yuh\|yuh]] |  | n. (Yuh)人名；(朝)舆 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yuh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phenomenal\|phenomenal]] | /fi'nɒminәl/ | a. 现象的, 能知觉的, 异常的, 显著的, 惊人的 | a. of or relating to a phenomenon | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweeper\|sweeper]] | /'swi:pә/ | n. 清扫夫 | n. an employee who sweeps (floors or streets etc.) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#physicist\|physicist]] | /'fizisist/ | n. 物理学家, 机械唯物论者, 自然科学家 | n. a scientist trained in physics | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tidy\|tidy]] | /'taidi/ | n. 椅子的背罩, 装杂物的容器 | n. receptacle that holds odds and ends (as sewing materials) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, now you're just kinda tidying.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]] | /freiz/ | n. 惯用语, 词组, 成语, 措词, 乐句 | n. an expression consisting of one or more words forming a grammatical constitue | 1 | 8 | 8 | *So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] | /ʃʌʃ/ | n. 关闭 | a. not open | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging hi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blast\|blast]] | /blæst/ | n. 一阵风, 爆炸, 枯萎病 | n. a very long fly ball | 1 | 7 | 7 | *That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#melon\|melon]] | /'melәn/ | n. 瓜, 甜瓜, 红利, 赃物 | n. any of numerous fruits of the gourd family having a hard rind and sweet juicy | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expense\|expense]] | /ik'spens/ | n. 费用, 代价, 开支, 损失 | n. amounts paid for goods and services that may be currently tax deductible (as  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *We got the grant. Three years, all expenses paid.* |
| lifson |  | [网络] 救生圈 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonono* |
| yamaguchi |  | n. (Yamaguchi)人名；(日)山口(姓)；(意)亚马古基 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonono* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flench\|flench]] | /flentʃ/ | vt. 割取油脂, 剥...的皮 | v. t. Same as Flence. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonono* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#artichoke\|artichoke]] | /'ɑ:titʃәuk/ | n. 朝鲜蓟 | n. Mediterranean thistlelike plant widely cultivated for its large edible flower | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I love this artichoke thing! Oh, don't tell me what's in it, the diet starts tomorrow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vividly\|vividly]] |  | adv. 鲜艳, 强烈, 明亮, 鲜明, 活泼, 有生气, 生动, 清晰, 逼真 | r. in a vivid manner | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Vividly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greet\|greet]] | /gri:t/ | vt. 问候, 致敬, 欢迎, 映入眼帘 | v. express greetings upon meeting someone | 1 | 2 | 2 | *'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#urinate\|urinate]] | /'juәrineit/ | vi. 小便, 撒尿 | v. pass after the manner of urine | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#courage\|courage]] | /'kʌridʒ/ | n. 勇气, 胆量 | n. a quality of spirit that enables you to face danger or pain without showing f | 1 | 10 | 5 | *Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mingle\|mingle]] | /'miŋgl/ | v. (使)混合 | v. get involved or mixed-up with | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Thank you.  C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling?  Alright, I'll, uh... catch u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloat\|bloat]] | /blәut/ | vt. 使膨胀, 腌制, 使自大 | n. swelling of the rumen or intestinal tract of domestic animals caused by exces | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And then... your face is bloated?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#planet\|planet]] | /'plænit/ | n. 行星, 命运星辰, 杰出的人, 重大影响的事 | n. (astronomy) any of the nine large celestial bodies in the solar system that r | 1 | 7 | 7 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thingy\|thingy]] | /'θiŋi/ | 物(体)的, 物质的, 实际的 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tackle\|tackle]] | /'tækl/ | n. 工具, 复滑车, 滑车, 装备, 扭倒 | n. the person who plays that position on a football team | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kerb\|kerb]] | /kә:b/ | n. 街头的边石 | n an edge between a sidewalk and a roadway consisting of a line of curbstones (u | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dip\|dip]] | /dip/ | v. 浸, 降下, 把(手、勺等)伸入, 舀取 | n. a depression in an otherwise level surface | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mentally\|mentally]] | /'mentli/ | adv. 心理上, 精神上, 智力上 | r. in your mind | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undres* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#undress\|undress]] | /.ʌn'dres/ | vt. 使脱衣服, 暴露, 使卸去装饰 | n. partial or complete nakedness | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undres* |
| whoah |  | [网络] 哇；呜哇 |  | 1 | 11 | 6 | *Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glitter\|glitter]] | /'glitә/ | n. 灿烂, 闪烁, 辉耀 | n. the quality of shining with a bright reflected light | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, I'm gonna blow this one up, and I'm gonna write 'Reunited' in glitter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#necessarily\|necessarily]] | /'nesisәrili/ | adv. 必然地, 必须地, 必要地 | r. in an essential manner | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstand]] | /.misʌndә'stænd/ | vt. 误解, 误会 | v interpret in the wrong way | 1 | 9 | 8 | *I'm sorry you misunderstood...* |
| yoko |  | n. 韩国伊可服饰 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yoko.  I've decided to go to Minsk without you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peacock\|peacock]] | /'pi:kɒk/ | n. 孔雀, 好炫耀的人 | n. European butterfly having reddish-brown wings each marked with a purple eyesp | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And then the peacock bit me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]] | /gi:k/ | n. 做低级滑稽表演的人 | n. a carnival performer who does disgusting acts | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]] | /dʒɒi/ | n. 欢喜, 乐事, 高兴 | n. the emotion of great happiness | 1 | 11 | 7 | *And the moment of joy is upon us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whiz\|whiz]] | /hwiz/ | n. 飕飕声, 精明的人, 专家 | n. a buzzing or hissing sound as of something traveling rapidly through the air | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are th* |
| nonono |  | [网络] 不不不；温柔；酬劳 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pickin\|pickin]] | /'pikin/ | n. (西非用语)小孩 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|flea]] | /fli:/ | n. 跳蚤 | n. any wingless bloodsucking parasitic insect noted for ability to leap | 1 | 8 | 2 | *I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas...* |
