---
season: 1
episode: "20"
title: "The One With the Evil Orthodontist"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E20 — The One With the Evil Orthodontist

*Written by: Doty Abrams*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there.

**Chandler:** I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.

**Joey:** No way! Mr.Salty is a [[Friends-词汇总表#sailor\|sailor]], all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]] there is.

**Ross:** I don't know, you don't wanna mess with [[Friends-词汇总表#corn\|corn]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]]. They're craaazy.

**Monica:** *(looking out of the window)* Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]] out there with a [[Friends-词汇总表#telescope\|telescope]]!

**Ross:** I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!

**Rachel:** Oh, that is so [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].

**Chandler:** I feel [[Friends-词汇总表#violate\|violated]]. And not in a good way.

**Phoebe:** How can people do that?... *(All but Phoebe walk away from the window in disgust.)* Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got [[Friends-词汇总表#gravity\|gravity]] [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]]!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone but Rachel is there.

**Chandler:** I am telling you, years from now, [[Friends-词汇总表#schoolchildren\|schoolchildren]] will study it as one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] first dates of all time. It was [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]! We could totally be [[Friends-词汇总表#ourselves\|ourselves]], we didn't have to play any games...

**Monica:** So have you called her yet?

**Chandler:** Let her know I like her? What are you, [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]? *(The girls make disgusted noises.)* It's the next day! How [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]] do I want to seem? *(To the guys)* I'm right, right? Joey and Ross: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her [[Friends-词汇总表#dangle\|dangle]].

**Monica:** I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.

**Phoebe:** Oh, God, just do it! *(Grabbing the phone.)* Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!

**Chandler:** Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]]. *(Calls her, then hurriedly hangs up.)* I got her machine.

**Joey:** Her answer machine?

**Chandler:** No, [[Friends-词汇总表#interestingly\|interestingly]] enough her [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaf]] [[Friends-词汇总表#blower\|blower]] picked up.

**Phoebe:** So, uh, why didn't you say anything?

**Chandler:** Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a [[Friends-词汇总表#spontaneous\|spontaneous]] message I ended up using the [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]] "Yes [[Friends-词汇总表#indeedy\|indeedy]]-o."

**Monica:** Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!

**Ross:** Okay, okay, what's going on?

**Phoebe:** Okay, they're just talking...

**Ross:** Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to [[Friends-词汇总表#shove\|shove]] anything?

**Phoebe:** No, no actually, he's [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]].. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!

**Ross:** What? What? What?!

**Phoebe:** That man across the street just kicked that [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]]! *(Rachel enters.)* Oh!

**Chandler:** *(bluffing)* And [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]], that's how a bill becomes a law.

**All:** Oh!... Right!

**Chandler:** Hey Rach!

**Monica:** How'd it go?

**Rachel:** Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]], where y'know you [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poke]] it and all the [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]] [[Friends-词汇总表#squirt\|squirts]] out...

**Phoebe:** Not a good day for [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]]...

**Rachel:** Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of Chanel...

**Ross:** That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?

**Rachel:** Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]], it was [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]]... it was just nice!

**Ross:** That's, that's nice [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]]!

**Monica:** Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the [[Friends-词汇总表#altar\|altar]]?

**Joey:** Duh, where've you been?

**Rachel:** Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?

*(Ross 'prompts' Chandler by hitting him on the arm.)*

**Chandler:** Yes!

**Rachel:** Why?

**Chandler:** I have my reasons.

**Monica:** Okay, how about the fact that he's [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?

**Rachel:** All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]], and I will just put an end to it!


> [!scene] Scene: Barry's Office, the post-coital Barry and Rachel are recovering on the chair.

**Rachel:** Wow... Wow!

**Barry:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.

**Barry:** Nooo, it wasn't.

**Rachel:** Ooh, and it's so nice having this little [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] here...


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there except Rachel.

**Chandler:** *(on phone, reading from a script)* Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. *(Rattles some dishes)* Bye-bye. *(Hangs up.)* Oh God!

**Monica:** That's what you've been working on for the past two hours?!

**Chandler:** Hey, I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#hone\|honing]]!

**Ross:** What was with the [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dishes]]?

**Chandler:** Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here [[Friends-词汇总表#hone\|honing]] for the past few hours.

**Monica:** *(looking out the window)* Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the [[Friends-词汇总表#telescope\|telescope]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! *(Walks to the window)* Go away! *(Gesturing.)* Stop looking in here!

**Monica:** Great, now he's [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|waving]] back.

**Joey:** Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creeps]] me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!

**Monica:** What kinda stuff?

**Joey:** Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooking]] naked.

**Phoebe:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] naked?

**Joey:** Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]], [[Friends-词汇总表#oatmeal\|oatmeal]]... nothing that [[Friends-词汇总表#spatter\|spatters]].

*(A pause as they look at Chandler.)*

**Chandler:** What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.


> [!scene] Scene: Barry's Office, Rachel and Barry are getting dressed.

**Barry:** What's the matter?

**Rachel:** Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.

**Barry:** No, it was. It was very very good.

**Rachel:** Well, what about Mindy?

**Barry:** Oh, way, way better than Mindy.

**Rachel:** No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?

**Barry:** Well, if you want, I'll just—I'll just break it off with her.

**Rachel:** No. No-no-no-no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.

**Bernice:** *(over intercom)* Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his [[Friends-词汇总表#adjustment\|adjustment]].

**Barry:** *(into intercom)* Thanks, Bernice. *(To Rachel)* Let's go away this weekend.

**Rachel:** Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..

**Barry:** We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]], it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it.

*(Pause as Rachel realises...)*

**Rachel:** I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]].

*(Barry finds it draped on a cupboard and gives it to Rachel, they kiss as Bobby enters.)*

**Bobby:** Hey, Dr. Farber.

*(Rachel and Barry quickly split and pretend Barry is examining Rachel's mouth.)*

**Barry:** All right Miss Green, everything looks fine... Yep, I think we're starting to see some real progress here.

*(Bobby looks on, deadpan.)*

**Rachel:** What?!

**Bobby:** I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]], I'm not stupid.

*(Rachel glares at him.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler enters clutching his phone.

**Chandler:** Can I use your phone?

**Monica:** Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone.

*(Chandler dials his own phone and it rings.)*

**Chandler:** Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?

**Joey:** Maybe she never got your message.

**Phoebe:** Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beeps]], that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.

**Chandler:** Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...

**Ross:** ...[[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]], [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]], [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]]?

**Chandler:** Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad.

*(He calls and quickly hangs up.)*

**Phoebe:** How many [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beeps]]?

**Chandler:** She answered.

**Monica:** Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.

**Chandler:** I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#snub\|snubbed]]. God, I miss just being needy.

*(Rachel enters.)*

**All:** Hey! Hi!

**Phoebe:** How'd he take it?

**Rachel:** Pretty well, actually... *(Wandering into the kitchen.)*

**Monica:** *(wandering in after her)* Uh, Rach... how come you have [[Friends-词汇总表#dental\|dental]] [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|floss]] in your hair?

**Rachel:** Oh, do I?

**Monica:** Uh huh.

**Rachel:** *(in a low voice)* We ended up having sex in his chair.

**Monica:** You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too [[Friends-词汇总表#loudly\|loudly]], didn't I?

**Ross:** You-you had what?

**Phoebe:** Sex in his chair.

**Ross:** What, uh... what were you thinking?

**Rachel:** I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.

**Ross:** No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!

**Rachel:** Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]], right here, right now," what would you say?

*(Ross flounders.)*

**Chandler:** If it helps, I could [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slide]] over.

**Ross:** It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#orthodontist\|orthodontists]] and lesbi- I gotta go.

**Phoebe:** Where are you going?

**Ross:** *(leaving)* I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jam]] packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?

*(Ross exits, a phone rings, and Chandler dives for his phone.)*

**Chandler:** Hello? Hello?

*(Rachel picks up their phone and the ringing stops.  As she talks on the phone, an elaborate visual gag is spun out which is too difficult to describe in words.)*

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* Hello?*(Listens)* Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? *(Listens)* Yes, yes, I've heard, [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulations]], that is so great. *(Listens)* Really? *(Listens)* Oh.

*(Listens) Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Great... (Listens) Great... (Listens) All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! (Listens) Okay.. (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Bye. (Hangs up and sits down heavily.) Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.*

**Chandler:** So how's Mindy?

**Rachel:** Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... *(Does so, on phone)* Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning.  Chandler is sitting and staring at his phone.  Monica enters and creeps up next to Chandler.

**Monica:** Brrrrrrr!

*(Chandler clutches at his phone before realising.)*

**Chandler:** Hell is filled with people like you.

**Joey:** *(entering)* He's back! The peeper's back!

*(Rachel enters from her room.)*

**Joey:** *(ducking)* Get down!

**Rachel:** Get down?

**Chandler:** ...And [[Friends-词汇总表#boogie\|boogie]]!

**Rachel:** Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratched]] out by Mindy.

**Monica:** Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.

**Rachel:** Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] me how to kiss..

**Joey:** *(intrigued)* Yeah?

**Rachel:** And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..

**Joey:** ..Naughty!

**Rachel:** Right, I'll see you guys later...

**Joey:** Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]], or- *(Rachel exits and slams the door in his face.)* That's fine, yeah...

*(Joey exits.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?

**Monica:** Why don't you just take it with you?

**Chandler:** Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]?

**Monica:** Why don't you just call her?

**Chandler:** I can't call her, I left a message! I have some [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]].

**Monica:** Do you?

**Chandler:** No! *(Calls)* Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! *(Listens)* I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] that I am, I [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] off my phone. *(Listens)* Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great.

*(Listens) Okay. (Puts down the phone.) (to Monica) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. (He starts doing a little jig.) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...*

**Monica:** Don't you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]?

**Chandler:** 'S'why I'm dancing...


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is serving coffee as Mindy enters.

**Rachel:** Mindy.

**Mindy:** Hey, you.

**Rachel:** Hey, you.... So, what's up?

**Mindy:** Um.. we should really be sitting for this.

**Rachel:** Sure we should... So.

**Mindy:** Now, I know things've been weird [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]], but you're like my [[Friends-词汇总表#oldest\|oldest]] friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]], 'cause she's all [[Friends-词汇总表#bitter\|bitter]] now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Mindy:** Will you be my [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honour\|honour]]?

**Rachel:** Of course!

**Mindy:** Oh that's so great!

**Rachel:** Was that all you wanted to ask me?

**Mindy:** That's all!

**Rachel:** Ohhhh!! *(Mindy starts to sob.)* ...What? What?

**Mindy:** That's not all.

**Rachel:** Oh sure it is!

**Mindy:** Oh no, it isn't! No! I think Barry is seeing someone in the city.

**Rachel:** Um, what- what would make you think that?

**Mindy:** Well, ever since we [[Friends-词汇总表#announce\|announced]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]], he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.

**Rachel:** *(draws back)* Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] to him he went through a whole weird thing too.

**Mindy:** Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!

**Rachel:** What? What's what you were afraid of?

**Mindy:** Okay, okay... when Barry was [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.

**Rachel:** What?

**Mindy:** I know. I know, and when he [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] to me, everyone said "Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel," and now I feel so stupid.

**Rachel:** Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.

**Mindy:** What do you mean?

**Rachel:** *(offers her arm to Mindy and she sniffs)* Smell [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]]?

**Mindy:** Oh no.

**Rachel:** Oh, I am so sorry.

**Mindy:** No me, I am so sorry...

*(They hug and Joey enters.)*

**Joey:** *(watches them for a while)* Oh my.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Ross are doing a crossword, Monica is cooking, and Chandler is still staring at his phone.

**Ross:** Four letters: "Circle or [[Friends-词汇总表#hoop\|hoop]]".

**Chandler:** Ring [[Friends-词汇总表#dammit\|dammit]], ring!

**Ross:** Thanks.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey, you know our phone's not working?

**Chandler:** What?!

**Joey:** I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.

**Chandler:** *(investigating)* I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!

**Monica:** Just like you told her you did! *(Chandler glares at her.)* ... Just pointing out the [[Friends-词汇总表#irony\|irony]].

**Joey:** Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?

**Chandler:** Nngghhh!!!!!!!

**Joey:** *(to Monica)* Can I use your phone? *(On phone)* Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.

**Ross:** "Heating device."

**Phoebe:** Radiator.

**Ross:** Five letters.

**Phoebe:** Rdtor.

**Joey:** *(on phone)* Yeah, is Sidney there? *(Listens)* Oh, this is? *(To the gang)* Sidney's a woman.

**Monica:** So she's a woman! So what?

**Joey:** Yeah. Yeah, so what? *(On phone)* Look, I live across the street, *(walking to the window)* and I know all about you and your little [[Friends-词汇总表#telescope\|telescope]], and I don't [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it, okay? *(Listens)* Yeah, I can see you right now! *(Listens)* Hello! *(Listens)* If I wanna walk around my apartment in my [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]], I shouldn't have to feel like—*(Listens)*—Thank you, but... that's not really the point... *(Listens)* The point is that... *(Listens)* Mostly free weights, but [[Friends-词汇总表#occasionally\|occasionally]]..

**Monica:** Joey!!

**Joey:** *(on phone)* Yeah, my [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]]... *(Listens)* Yeah, the [[Friends-词汇总表#brunette\|brunette]]... *(to Monica)* She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.

**Monica:** The green dress? Really?

**Joey:** Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.

**Monica:** *(waves dismissively to Sidney)* Nooo!


> [!scene] Scene: Barry's Office, Barry is preparing his tools alone as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Hey. Got a second?

**Barry:** Sure, sure. Come on... *(Mindy enters)* ...in...

**Mindy:** Hello, [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]].

**Barry:** Uh... uh... what're'you... what're'you guys doing here?

**Rachel:** Uh, we are here to break up with you.

**Barry:** Both of you?

**Mindy:** Basically, we think you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] human being, and bad things should happen to you.

**Barry:** I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]], I was [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]], I couldn't help myself! Whatever I did, I only did because I love you so much!

**Rachel:** Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?

**Barry:** ....Mindy. Mindy, of course Mindy, it was always Mindy.

**Rachel:** Even when we were having sex in that chair?

**Barry:** *(to Mindy)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]], whatever I was doing, I was always thinking of you.

**Rachel:** Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a [[Friends-词汇总表#lineup\|lineup]]!

**Mindy:** *(to Rachel)* You did it [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]]?

**Rachel:** Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.

**Mindy:** Okay...

**Barry:** *(to Mindy)* Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.

**Bernice:** *(over intercom)* Dr. Farber, we've got a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choking]] on his [[Friends-词汇总表#retainer\|retainer]].

**Barry:** Oh God... *(Into intercom)* I'll be right there, Bernice. *(to Mindy)* Look, please, please don't go [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]], okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.

*(Barry exits)*

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweating]] when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#hog\|hogging]] the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punches]] because I'm telling you, this feels great.

**Mindy:** Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.

**Rachel:** What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the [[Friends-词汇总表#devil\|devil]]! He's Satan in a [[Friends-词汇总表#smock\|smock]]!

**Mindy:** Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.

**Rachel:** Oh God.

**Mindy:** I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]]...?

**Rachel:** And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are there.

**Monica:** You okay?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Really?

**Rachel:** Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.

**Monica:** Aww... *(They hug)*

*(Joey enters and looks on approvingly.)*

**Joey:** Big day.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.

**Joey:** All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]]. I mean he's got the [[Friends-词汇总表#monocle\|monocle]], he's got the top hat...

**Phoebe:** You know he's gay?

**Ross:** I just wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#clarify\|clarify]] this: are you outing Mr. Peanut?

**Danielle:** *(entering)* Chandler?

**Chandler:** Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.

**All:** Hi. Hi.

**Chandler:** What are you doing here?

**Danielle:** Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here, and make sure you were okay.

**Chandler:** ...I'm, I'm okay.

**Danielle:** Listen uh, maybe we could get together later?

**Chandler:** That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...

**Danielle:** You got it.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Danielle:** G'bye, everybody.

**All:** Bye.

**Phoebe:** Whoo-hoo!

**Monica:** Yeah, there you go!

**Ross:** Second date!

**Chandler:** ...I dunno.

**Rachel:** You don't know?!

**Chandler:** Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]] is that?

*(They all groan and hit him..)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（28）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 5 | 258 | 141 | *All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this af* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 4 | 266 | 138 | *Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry...  Hi, it's me,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 3 | 118 | 89 | *I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself! Whatev* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 2 | 219 | 100 | *Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 2 | 135 | 75 | *Yeah, my neighbor...  Yeah, the brunette...  She says you looked very pretty the other day in the gr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *That man across the street just kicked that pigeon!  Oh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best fri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Hell is filled with people like you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance.  Bye-bye.  Oh * |

### 常用词（63）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 3 | 40 | 20 | *Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best fri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 2 | 25 | 22 | *And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 2 | 25 | 23 | *Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 2 | 38 | 33 | *That's, that's nice twice!* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 2 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo, it wasn't.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]] | /bi:p/ | n. 短而尖的声音, 嘟 | n. a short high tone produced as a signal or warning | 2 | 13 | 11 | *Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probabl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 2 | 63 | 47 | *Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 2 | 53 | 42 | *Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 2 | 61 | 44 | *No!  Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler!  I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 2 | 26 | 20 | *Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] | /meid/ | n. 少女, 未婚女子, 女仆 | n. a female domestic | 2 | 38 | 15 | *Will you be my maid of honour?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 2 | 28 | 24 | *Hello, sweetheart.* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 2 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] | /'pi:nʌt/ | n. 花生, 小人物, 极小的数额 | n. underground pod of the peanut vine | 2 | 15 | 12 | *I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]] | /snæk/ | n. 小吃, 点心, 快餐 | n a light informal meal | 1 | 12 | 12 | *No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Oh, that is so sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 1 | 39 | 27 | *How can people do that?...  Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ourselves\|ourselves]] | /.auә'selvz/ | pron. 我们自己 | pl.  of Myself | 1 | 14 | 14 | *I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *Let her know I like her? What are you, insane?  It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem?  I'm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat.  I got her machine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]] | /'pidʒin/ | n. 鸽子, 易上当受骗的人, 年轻女子 | n. wild and domesticated birds having a heavy body and short legs | 1 | 18 | 12 | *That man across the street just kicked that pigeon!  Oh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]] | /'bʌtә/ | n. 奶油, 黄油 | n. an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cookin | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Not a good day for birds...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chane* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this af* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|wave]] | /weiv/ | n. 波, 波浪, 波动, 起伏, 高潮, 潮涌, 挥手致意, (气压)突变 | n. one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid (especial | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Great, now he's waving back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 1 | 40 | 18 | *Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his adjustment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]] | /'hʌnimu:n/ | n. 蜜月, 蜜月假期 | n. a holiday taken by a newly married couple | 1 | 32 | 14 | *We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 1 | 46 | 20 | *I had a bra.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 21 | 17 | *I'm twelve, I'm not stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] | /pә'θetik/ | a. 悲哀的, 可怜的, 感伤的, 差劲的 | s. inspiring mixed contempt and pity | 1 | 18 | 14 | *...desperate, needy, pathetic?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now," what would you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slide]] | /slaid/ | n. 滑, 滑道, 山崩, 雪崩, 幻灯片 | n. a small flat rectangular piece of glass on which specimens can be mounted for | 1 | 21 | 12 | *If it helps, I could slide over.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you?  Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great.  Reall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] | /skrætʃ/ | n. 抓痕, 搔, 抓, 擦伤, 刮擦声, 乱写, 零分, 起跑线 | n. a competitor who has withdrawn from competition | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] | /.æksi'dentli/ | adv. 偶然地, 意外地 | r without advance planning | 1 | 17 | 16 | *No!  Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler!  I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh!!  ...What? What?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] | /in'geidʒdmәnt/ | n. 诺言, 约会, 婚约, 交战 | n. employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited perio | 1 | 26 | 13 | *Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] | /'sә:kl/ | n. 圆周, 社交圈, 循环, 范围 | n. ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Four letters: "Circle or hoop".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Yeah. Yeah, so what?  Look, I live across the street,  and I know all about you and your little tele* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *Yeah. Yeah, so what?  Look, I live across the street,  and I know all about you and your little tele* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] | /'mәustli/ | adv. 大概, 大部分, 主要 | r in large part; mainly or chiefly | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Yeah. Yeah, so what?  Look, I live across the street,  and I know all about you and your little tele* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]] | /'neibә/ | n. 邻居 | n. a person who lives (or is located) near another | 1 | 19 | 12 | *Yeah, my neighbor...  Yeah, the brunette...  She says you looked very pretty the other day in the gr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *Basically, we think you're a horrible human being, and bad things should happen to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *I swear, whatever I was doing, I was always thinking of you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choke]] | /tʃәuk/ | vt. 窒息, 阻塞, 噎, 抑制 | n. a coil of low resistance and high inductance used in electrical circuits to p | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] | /pʌntʃ/ | n. 打洞器, 钻孔机, 冲压机, 冲床, 潘趣酒 | n. (boxing) a blow with the fist | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] | /'ɒnә/ | n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章 | n. the state of being honored | 1 | 29 | 13 | *I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww...* |
| dunno | /dʌ'nәj/ | v. <口>(我)不知道 |  | 1 | 29 | 16 | *...I dunno.* |

### 低频词（72）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| mindy | /'mindi/ | n. 明迪（Minna的异体） |  | 16 | 31 | 5 | *Well, what about Mindy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]] | /'ni:di/ | a. 贫穷的, 贫困的, 生活艰苦的 | n. needy people collectively | 5 | 9 | 5 | *Let her know I like her? What are you, insane?  It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem?  I'm* |
| danielle | /dæn'jel/ | n. 丹妮尔(f.) |  | 5 | 6 | 2 | *Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance.  Bye-bye.  Oh * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#farber\|farber]] |  | n. (Farber)人名；(英)法伯；(德、罗、法、捷)法贝尔；(西)法韦尔 |  | 4 | 7 | 4 | *Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his adjustment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#telescope\|telescope]] | /'teliskәup/ | n. 望远镜 | n. a magnifier of images of distant objects | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sidney\|sidney]] |  | n. 西德尼（男子名）；茜德尼（女子名） | n. English poet (1554-1586) | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Can I use your phone?  Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chanel\|chanel]] | /ʃɑ:'nel/ | n. 香奈儿（服装、香水品牌） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chane* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hone\|hone]] | /hәun/ | n. 磨刀石, 抱怨, 想念 | n. a whetstone made of fine gritstone; used for sharpening razors | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey, I've been honing!* |
| bernice | /'bә:nis, bә:'ni:s/ | n. 柏妮丝（女子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Thanks, Bernice.  Let's go away this weekend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peeper\|peeper]] | /'pi:pә(r)/ | n. 窥视者, 嘀咕的人, (非正式)眼睛, (美)(非正式)私家侦探 | n. an informal term referring to the eye | 2 | 2 | 1 | *He's back! The peeper's back!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sailor\|sailor]] | /'seilә/ | n. 水手, 船员, 海员 | n. any member of a ship's crew | 1 | 8 | 6 | *No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#corn\|corn]] | /kɒ:n/ | n. 玉蜀黍, 谷类, 谷粒, 鸡眼 | n. tall annual cereal grass bearing kernels on large ears: widely cultivated in  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]] | /kri:p/ | n. 爬, 徐行, 蠕动 | n. someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violate\|violate]] | /'vaiәleit/ | vt. 违犯, 亵渎, 违反, 侵犯, 妨碍 | v. fail to agree with; be in violation of; as of rules or patterns | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I feel violated. And not in a good way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gravity\|gravity]] | /'græviti/ | n. 地心引力, 重力 | n. (physics) the force of attraction between all masses in the universe; especia | 1 | 8 | 6 | *How can people do that?...  Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boot]] | /bu:t/ | n. 长靴, 踢, 解雇, 效用 | n. footwear that covers the whole foot and lower leg | 1 | 31 | 9 | *How can people do that?...  Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#schoolchildren\|schoolchildren]] |  | n. 小学生（schoolchild的复数） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dangle\|dangle]] | /'dæŋgl/ | vi. 摇晃地悬挂着, 追求 | v. hang freely | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Let her know I like her? What are you, insane?  It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem?  I'm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interestingly\|interestingly]] | /'intristiŋli/ | adv. 有趣地 | r. in an interesting manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaf]] | /li:f/ | n. 叶, 树叶, 花瓣, 页 | n. the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blower\|blower]] | /'blәuә/ | n. 吹制工, 鼓风机, 吹风机 | n. a device that produces a current of air | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spontaneous\|spontaneous]] | /spɒn'teiniәs/ | a. 自然的, 自发的, 未经琢磨的 | a. happening or arising without apparent external cause | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]] | /freiz/ | n. 惯用语, 词组, 成语, 措词, 乐句 | n. an expression consisting of one or more words forming a grammatical constitue | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shove\|shove]] | /ʃʌv/ | n. 推, 挤 | n. the act of shoving (giving a push to someone or something) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poke]] | /pәuk/ | n. 刺, 戳, 袋子 | n. tall coarse perennial American herb having small white flowers followed by bl | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squirt\|squirt]] | /skwә:t/ | v. 喷出, 溅迸, 注射 | v. cause to come out in a squirt | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bendall\|bendall]] |  | 本多尔 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chane* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#altar\|altar]] | /'ɒ:ltә/ | n. 圣坛, 祭坛 | n. the table in Christian churches where communion is given | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?* |
| duh | /du:/ | int. [表示犹豫、不快或轻蔑等]咄 |  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Duh, where've you been?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#orthodontist\|orthodontist]] | /,ɔ:θәj'dɔntist/ | n. 畸齿校整医生 | n. a dentist specializing in the prevention or correction of irregularities of t | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dish]] | /diʃ/ | n. 盘子, 碟, 菜肴 | n. a piece of dishware normally used as a container for holding or serving food | 1 | 13 | 9 | *What was with the dishes?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oatmeal\|oatmeal]] | /'әutmi:l/ | n. 燕麦片, 燕麦粥 | n. porridge made of rolled oats | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spatter\|spatter]] | /'spætә/ | vt. 溅, 中伤 | n. the noise of something spattering or sputtering explosively | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bobby\|bobby]] | /'bɒbi/ | n. 警察 | n. an informal term for a British policeman | 1 | 38 | 8 | *Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his adjustment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adjustment\|adjustment]] | /ә'dʒʌstmәnt/ | n. 调整, 调节, 校正 | n. making or becoming suitable; adjusting to circumstances | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his adjustment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]] | /'despәrәt/ | a. 不顾一切的, 危急的, 令人绝望的, 极渴望的 | n. a person who is frightened and in need of help | 1 | 10 | 9 | *...desperate, needy, pathetic?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snub\|snub]] | /snʌb/ | n. 冷落, 怠慢, 斥责, 制止 | n. a refusal to recognize someone you know | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm need* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dental\|dental]] | /'dentl/ | a. 牙齿的 | a. of or relating to the teeth | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|floss]] | /flɒs/ | n. 丝棉, 乱丝 | n. a soft loosely twisted thread used in embroidery | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loudly\|loudly]] | /'laudli/ | adv. 高声地, 大声地, 吵闹地 | r. with relatively high volume | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?* |
| diferent |  | [网络] 不同 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthod* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jam]] | /dʒæm/ | n. 果酱, 拥塞之物, 堵塞, 困境 | n. preserve of crushed fruit | 1 | 23 | 9 | *I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boogie\|boogie]] | /'bu(:)^i/ | (随着摇摆舞音乐节奏)摆动身体, [蔑]黑人 | n. an instrumental version of the blues (especially for piano) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *...And boogie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#naughty\|naughty]] | /'nɒ:ti/ | a. 顽皮的, 没规矩的, 不适当的, 下流的 | s. badly behaved | 1 | 5 | 5 | *..Naughty!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]] | /'ju:nifɒ:m/ | n. 制服 | n. clothing of distinctive design worn by members of a particular group as a mea | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] | /praid/ | n. 骄傲, 自尊心, 自豪, 精华, 勇气 | n. a feeling of self-respect and personal worth | 1 | 11 | 9 | *I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oldest\|oldest]] | /'әuldist/ | a. 最旧的；最老的（old的最高级） | a (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attain | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for* |
| laurie | /'lɔ(:)ri/ | n. 劳里（女子名, 等于Laura）；劳里（男子名, 等于Lawrence） |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#schaffer\|schaffer]] |  | 谢弗（人名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitter\|bitter]] | /'bitә/ | a. 苦的, 痛苦的, 怀恨的 | n. English term for a dry sharp-tasting ale with strong flavor of hops (usually  | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honour\|honour]] | /'ɒnә/ | n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章 | n the state of being honored | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Will you be my maid of honour?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#announce\|announce]] | /ә'nauns/ | vt. 宣布, 声称, 显示, 预告 | v. make known; make an announcement | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hoop\|hoop]] | /hu:p/ | n. 箍, 铁环, 呼呼声 | n. a light curved skeleton to spread out a skirt | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Four letters: "Circle or hoop".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dammit\|dammit]] | /'dæmit/ | int. 该死, 真他妈的 |  | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Ring dammit, ring!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irony\|irony]] | /'aiәrәni/ | n. 反语, 讽刺, 具有讽刺意味的事 | n. incongruity between what might be expected and what actually occurs | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Just like you told her you did!  ... Just pointing out the irony.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#radiator\|radiator]] | /'reidieitә/ | n. 暖气装置, 散热器, 辐射体 | n. any object that radiates energy | 1 | 7 | 3 | *Radiator.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasionally\|occasionally]] | /ә'keiʒәnli/ | adv. 有时候, 偶而 | r. now and then or here and there | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah. Yeah, so what?  Look, I live across the street,  and I know all about you and your little tele* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brunette\|brunette]] | /bru:'net/ | n. 浅黑肤色的女人 | n a person with dark (brown) hair | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, my neighbor...  Yeah, the brunette...  She says you looked very pretty the other day in the gr* |
| ingrid | /'iŋ^rid/ | n 英格里德（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bergman\|bergman]] |  | n. (Bergman)人名；(德、俄、塞、罗、捷、冰)贝格曼；(瑞典)贝里曼；(英、西)伯格曼 | n. Swedish film actress (1915-1982) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]] | /wi:k/ | a. 不牢固的, 弱的, 虚弱的, 软弱的, 无力的, 无权力的, (论据等)不充分的 | a. wanting in physical strength | 1 | 10 | 8 | *I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself! Whatev* |
| barr |  | abbr. 翻转形态（Bump and Run Reversal） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lineup\|lineup]] | /'lainʌp/ | n. 阵容, 阵形, 布阵, 一组人 | n. a line of persons arranged by police for inspection or identification | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jason\|jason]] |  | n. 詹森（男子名） | n. (Greek mythology) the husband of Medea and leader of the Argonauts who sailed | 1 | 15 | 6 | *Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#retainer\|retainer]] | /ri'teinә/ | n. 家臣, 侍从, 保持者 | n. a fee charged in advance to retain the services of someone | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hog\|hog]] | /hɒg/ | n. 猪, 贪婪者, 象猪般的人 | n. a person regarded as greedy and pig-like | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#devil\|devil]] | /'devәl/ | n. 魔鬼 | n. an evil supernatural being | 1 | 5 | 5 | *What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#satan\|satan]] | /'seitәn/ | n. 撒旦, 魔鬼 | n. (Judeo-Christian and Islamic religions) chief spirit of evil and adversary of | 1 | 5 | 5 | *What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smock\|smock]] | /smɒk/ | n. 工作服, 罩衫, 长罩衣 | v. embellish by sewing in straight lines crossing each other diagonally | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]] | /'dresә/ | n. 化妆台, (剧团)服装师, 碗柜 | n. a person who dresses in a particular way | 1 | 7 | 7 | *All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monocle\|monocle]] | /'mɒnәkl/ | n. 单片眼镜 | n. lens for correcting defective vision in one eye; held in place by facial musc | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clarify\|clarify]] | /'klærifai/ | vi. 澄清, 阐明 | v. make clear and (more) comprehensible | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I just wanna clarify this: are you outing Mr. Peanut?* |
