---
season: 1
episode: "19"
title: "The One Where the Monkey Gets Away"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E19 — The One Where the Monkey Gets Away

*Written by: Jeffrey Astrof & Mike Sikowitz {Transcriber's Note: The credits list two characters, Tia and Samantha, who I assume are the sweaty women Joey and Chandler meet. However, I don't know which is which, so I've simply called them Woman #1 and Woman #2.}*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is talking to a customer.

**Rachel:** Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]], are you? *(Guy shakes his head)* Okay.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica enters with some mail.

**Monica:** Mail call, Rachel Green, [[Friends-词汇总表#bunk\|bunk]] seven.

**Rachel:** Thank you. *(Examines it)* Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!

**Monica:** Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?

**Rachel:** Oh. Right. ...Oh great.

**Monica:** What is it?

**Rachel:** Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!

**Monica:** Barry who you almost...?

**Rachel:** Barry who I almost.

**Monica:** And Mindy, your [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of...?

**Rachel:** Mindy, my [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of. Oh!

**Monica:** *(Takes it)* That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. *(Sees Rachel's look)* Lucky. To have had a friend like you.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Ross are eating Chinese.

**Ross:** Marcel. Bring me the [[Friends-词汇总表#rice\|rice]], c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice. *(Marcel brings the rice)* Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'. *(Rachel ignores him)* 'Bring me the' and- Rach?

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.

**Ross:** Really.

**Rachel:** No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.

**Ross:** Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] [[Friends-词汇总表#embargo\|embargo]]?

**Rachel:** Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this [[Friends-词汇总表#raw\|raw]], animal, sexual...

**Ross:** Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.

**Rachel:** Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toes]] [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curl]]?

**Ross:** Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curl]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toes]], might just be the one who...

*(Enter the other four)*

**Monica:** Hi.

**Ross:** ...Gets [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupted]]. Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi, how was the movie?

**Monica:** Wonderful!

**Phoebe:** So good!

**Joey:** Suck-[[Friends-词汇总表#fest\|fest]].

**Chandler:** Toootal [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flick]].

**Phoebe:** I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|guns]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#bomb\|bombs]] and, like, buses going really fast...

**Joey:** Hey, I don't need [[Friends-词汇总表#violence\|violence]] to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#nudity\|nudity]].

**Monica:** There was [[Friends-词汇总表#nudity\|nudity]]!

**Joey:** I meant female [[Friends-词汇总表#nudity\|nudity]]. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant [[Friends-词汇总表#frolic\|frolicking]]. Monica and Phoebe: Hugh! Hugh Grant!

**Ross:** Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]]. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.

**Chandler:** They're still just friends, right?

**Rachel:** *(To Marcel)* And I will see you tomorrow!

**Ross:** That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.

**Monica:** Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?

**Ross:** 'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#unclench\|unclench]]. You're not even gonna be there.


> [!scene] Scene: Joe-G's Pizza, the guys are there.

**Chandler:** I can't believe we are even having this discussion.

**Joey:** I agree. I'm, like, in [[Friends-词汇总表#disbelief\|disbelief]].

**Chandler:** I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?

**Ross:** I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.

**Joey:** She really said that?

**Ross:** Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.

**Joey:** 'Tonight' tonight?

**Ross:** Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]...

**Chandler:** I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]].

**Ross:** Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.

**Chandler:** Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]] was last used.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is taking care of Marcel and they are watching a soap opera.

**Rachel:** Now, now the one in the [[Friends-词汇总表#feather\|feather]] [[Friends-词汇总表#boa\|boa]], that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- *(Marcel pushes down a cushion to reveal a shoe)* Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you [[Friends-词汇总表#poo\|poo]] in the shoe? *(Takes the shoe into the kitchen)* Marcel, bad [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]! Oh! Oh! *(She notices the newsletter and taps the contents of the shoes onto it, then folds it shut)* Sorry, Barry. Little [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. *(She leaves the apartment holding the newsletter at arm's length. However, she leaves the door open. Marcel runs out in the opposite direction. There is a shot from the TV and Rachel runs back in)* Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- *(Looks down and notices he is missing)* Marcel? Marc- *(Notices the open door)*


> [!scene] Time lapse. Now everyone but Ross and Phoebe is back at Monica and Rachel's.

**Joey:** How could you lose him?

**Rachel:** I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he [[Friends-词汇总表#pooped\|pooped]] in Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]]-

**Monica:** Wait. He [[Friends-词汇总表#pooped\|pooped]] in my [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]]? Which one?

**Rachel:** I don't know. The left one.

**Monica:** Which ones?

**Rachel:** Oh. Oh, those little [[Friends-词汇总表#clunky\|clunky]] Amish things you think go with everything.

**Phoebe:** *(Entering)* Hey.

**All:** Hi.

**Phoebe:** Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]]?

**Chandler:** Rachel lost Marcel.

**Phoebe:** Oh no, how?

**Monica:** He- he [[Friends-词汇总表#pooped\|pooped]] in my [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]].

**Phoebe:** Which one?

**Monica:** Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.

**Phoebe:** No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...

**Rachel:** C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?

**Joey:** Alright alright. You're a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. You're [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] in the city. Where do you go?

**Chandler:** Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the [[Friends-词汇总表#touristy\|touristy]] things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.

**Rachel:** Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!

**Monica:** Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]].

**Rachel:** Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?

**Monica:** Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]], and wait for Ross to kill you.

*(They all leave)*

**Rachel:** Anybody wanna trade? Oh...


> [!scene] Cut to a hallway in the building, Monica and Phoebe are knocking on a door. Mr. Heckles emerges.] Mr. Heckles: Whaddyou want?

**Monica:** Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. Have you seen it? Mr. Heckles: I left a Belgian [[Friends-词汇总表#waffle\|waffle]] out here, did you take it?

**Monica:** No!

**Phoebe:** Why would you leave your Belgian [[Friends-词汇总表#waffle\|waffle]] in the hall? Mr. Heckles: I wasn't ready for it.

**Monica:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. Have you seen a monkey? Mr. Heckles: Saw Regis Philbin once...

**Phoebe:** Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles. *(They move off)* Mr. Heckles: You [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me a [[Friends-词汇总表#waffle\|waffle]].


> [!scene] Cut to Monica and Rachel's.

**Rachel:** *(On the phone)* Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] with a white face... *(Enter Ross)* ...with, with Russian dressing and, and [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickles]] on the side. Okay. Thanks.

**Ross:** Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?

**Rachel:** Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?

**Ross:** Yeah. You, uh, you want some?

**Rachel:** Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?

**Ross:** Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]] capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? *(Uncorks the wine)* Well-

**Rachel:** Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.

**Ross:** Okay, quick and [[Friends-词汇总表#painful\|painful]]. *(Starts to cork the wine)*

**Rachel:** Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.

**Ross:** Oh, what? What-what?

**Rachel:** Y'know Marcel?

**Ross:** ...Yeah?

**Rachel:** Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him.


> [!scene] Cut to outside the window, with Ross reacting with disbelief. The shot pans back until we see Marcel sitting on the window ledge.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.

**Ross:** *(Angry)* I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.

**Rachel:** I know, I know, I'm sorry-

**Ross:** No, y'know what, I guess it's [[Friends-词汇总表#partially\|partially]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. I should've started you off with like a [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] or a [[Friends-词汇总表#pencil\|pencil]].

**Rachel:** *(Tearfully)* Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- *(Door buzzer goes and she runs to get it)* Oh! Who is it?

**Intercom:** Animal Control.

**Rachel:** See? I've even called Animal Control!

**Ross:** You called Animal Control?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?

**Ross:** Marcel is an [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#exotic\|exotic]] animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.

**Rachel:** O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...

**Ross:** That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment!

*(A knock on the door. Rachel swiftly opens it)*

**Rachel:** Hi, thanks for coming.

**Luisa:** *(Animal Control)* Somebody called about a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]?

**Rachel:** Oh, y'know what? That was a complete [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstanding]]! *(Ross puts his arms around her and they act all sweetness and light)*

**Ross:** Yeah, we thought we had a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]], but we-we didn't.

**Rachel:** Turned out it was a hat.

**Ross:** Cat!

**Rachel:** Cat! What'm I saying? Cat!

*(Luisa nods, but then Monica and Phoebe run in)*

**Monica:** Hi. We checked the third and [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] floor, no-one's seen Marcel.

**Luisa:** Marcel?

**Ross:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] Marcel.

**Phoebe:** Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?

**Luisa:** Oookay. Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] that [[Friends-词汇总表#possession\|possession]] of an [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#exotic\|exotic]] is, uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#punishable\|punishable]] by up to two years in [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#confiscation\|confiscation]] of the animal?

**Phoebe:** Oh my God. You'd put that poor little [[Friends-词汇总表#creature\|creature]] in [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]]?

**Monica:** Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things [[Friends-词汇总表#quietly\|quietly]] to yourself first?

**Phoebe:** Yes, but there isn't always time!

**Monica:** Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to [[Friends-词汇总表#reconcile\|reconcile]] this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduced]], I'm Monica Geller.

**Luisa:** Oh my God, you are! And you're Rachel Green!

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Luisa:** Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!

**Rachel:** Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!

**Monica:** The Luisa from home room!

**Rachel:** Yes!!

**Luisa:** You have no idea who I am, do you.

**Monica:** No, none at all.

**Rachel:** None.

**Luisa:** Well, maybe that's because you spent four years [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignoring]] me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?

**Monica:** Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!

**Luisa:** Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. *(To Rachel)* But you? What a bitch!

**Rachel:** What?!

**Monica:** Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] thing? Y'know, just for old times' [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sake]]? Go Bobcats?

**Luisa:** I could... but I won't. If I find that [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]], he's mine. *(Leaves)*

**Phoebe:** Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry.


> [!scene] Cut to another part of the building. We see Marcel jump in through a window and run down some stairs, then Chandler and Joey come down from the upper floor without noticing.

**Chandler:** Marcel?

**Joey:** Marcel?

**Chandler:** Marcel?

**Joey:** Marcel?

*(They come to a door and silently agree to try it. A very sweaty woman emerges) Woman No. 1: Hi, can I help you?*

*(Chandler and Joey are dumbstruck for a moment)*

**Chandler:** Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...

**Joey:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]].

**Chandler:** Yes have you seen any? Woman No. 1: No. No, haven't seen a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. Do you know anything about fixing [[Friends-词汇总表#radiator\|radiators]]?

**Joey:** Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the [[Friends-词汇总表#knob\|knob]] back the other way? Woman No. 1: Of course.

**Joey:** Oh. Then, no.

*(Another sweaty woman comes to the door and speaks to her friend) Woman No. 2: Did I put too much rum in here?*

*(Joey and Chandler shoot each other glances) Woman No. 1: Just a sec. (To Chandler and Joey) Hope you find your monkey. (She starts to shut the door)*

**Chandler:** Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about [[Friends-词汇总表#radiator\|radiators]] per se, but we do have a certain amount of [[Friends-词汇总表#expertise\|expertise]] in the heating and cooling... mileu.

**Joey:** Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?

**Chandler:** Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.

**Joey:** We can't, alright? *(To the women)* We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.

*(The women quickly shut the door)*

**Chandler:** Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.

**Joey:** Marcel?

**Chandler:** Marcel?!


> [!scene] Cut to Monica and Phoebe searching the basement.

**Phoebe:** Marcel?

**Monica:** Marcel?

**Phoebe:** Marcel?

**Both:** Marcel?

**Phoebe:** Oh-my-God!

**Monica:** Whaaat!

**Phoebe:** Something just [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brushed]] up against my right [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]]!

**Monica:** What is it?

**Phoebe:** Oh, it's okay, it was just my left [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]].

*(Marcel makes a monkeyish noise. He is sitting in the corner)*

**Monica:** Look, Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Oh, c'mere, Marcel! Oh, Marcel, c'mere!

*(Luisa appears on the stairs)*

**Luisa:** Step [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]], ladies! *(She loads a gun)*

**Monica:** What're you gonna do?

**Luisa:** Just a small [[Friends-词汇总表#tranquiliser\|tranquiliser]].

*(In slow motion we see Phoebe look at Marcel, then at Luisa. She jumps toward Marcel just as Luisa fires the gun.)*

**Monica:** Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel! *(Marcel runs off and Luisa runs after him. Monica goes to check up on Phoebe)* Are you okay?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, think so. Oh! *(She notices the tranquiliser dart has hit her in the butt and removes it)* Huh. *(Sways back)* Whoah.

**Monica:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]].


> [!scene] Cut to Marcel walking along a hallway. He notices a banana on the floor and picks it up. The hand of an unseen person grabs him and carries him away. Then cut to Ross and Rachel on the street outside.

**Ross:** Marcel?

**Rachel:** Marcel?

**Ross:** Marc- oh, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]! We've been all over the [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbourhood\|neighbourhood]]. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.

**Rachel:** Ross, you don't know that.

**Ross:** Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. *(Kicks a sign in frustration)* And now I have a broken foot. I have no [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]], and a broken foot! Thank you very much.

**Rachel:** Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. *(Kicks the sign)* Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!

**Rachel:** Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.

**Ross:** Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just [[Friends-词汇总表#vintage\|vintage]] Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally [[Friends-词汇总表#oblivious\|oblivious]] to people's [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkeys]], or to people's [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]]...

**Rachel:** Ross.

**Ross:** I don't even wanna hear it, you're just...

**Rachel:** Ross.

**Ross:** Oh, forget it, okay?

**Rachel:** Ross!

**Ross:** What? What?

*(A man carrying a box of bananas walks past them. They stare for a minute and then hobble after him)*

**Both:** Hey! Hey, Bananaman!

*(Scene 4: Everyone in the hall outside Mr. Heckles' door. Ross is carrying the box of bananas. He bangs on the door)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, this is so [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]]. One side of my [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] is totally [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]], and the other side has no idea.

*(Mr. Heckles opens the door)*

**Ross:** Hi, did you order some [[Friends-词汇总表#banana\|bananas]]? Mr. Heckles: What about it?

**Ross:** Gimme back my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. Mr. Heckles: I don't have a monkey.

**Rachel:** Then what's with all the [[Friends-词汇总表#banana\|bananas]]? Mr. Heckles: Potassium.

*(There is a monkey-like noise from within and Ross pushes past Mr. Heckles and enters his apartment)*

**Ross:** Marcel? Marcel? Okay, where is he? Where is he? Marcel? Marcel?

*(Marcel jumps into view wearing a pink dress. Everybody gasps)*

**Ross:** Marcel! What've you done to him? Mr. Heckles: That's my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. That's Patti, Patti the monkey.

**Ross:** Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon. *(Marcel starts to go to him)* Mr. Heckles: C'mere, Patti. *(Marcel turns round)*

**Ross:** C'mere, Marcel. *(Turns to Ross)* Mr. Heckles: C'mere, Patti. *(Turns to Mr. Heckles)*

**Luisa:** *(Out of shot)* Here, [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. Here, monkey! Here, monkey! *(Marcel runs to the door and into Luisa's cage, which she slams shut)* Gotcha.

**Ross:** Okay, gimme my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] back. Mr. Heckles: That's my monkey.

**Luisa:** You're both gonna have to take this up with the [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]]. Mr. Heckles: That's not my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. Just the dress is mine, you can send that back [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]].

**Ross:** Alright, I want my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]].

**Luisa:** No!

**Rachel:** Oh, c'mon, Luisa!

**Luisa:** Sorry, [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] queen.

**Ross:** *(To Rachel)* You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.

**Rachel:** Alright. In high school I was the [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] queen and I was the [[Friends-词汇总表#homecoming\|homecoming]] queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]], I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not [[Friends-词汇总表#punish\|punish]] him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] person here! Take it!

**Luisa:** Nope.

**Rachel:** Alright. Well then how about I call your [[Friends-词汇总表#supervisor\|supervisor]], and I tell her that you [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] my friend in the ass with a [[Friends-词汇总表#dart\|dart]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's. Rachel and Ross are there. Ross is trying to get the dress off Marcel.

**Ross:** It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. *(Marcel resists)* Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.

**Rachel:** Y'know, with the right [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#pump\|pumps]], that would be a great little [[Friends-词汇总表#outfit\|outfit]].

**Ross:** Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I...

**Rachel:** Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]], I almost lost your...

**Ross:** Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of wine. You in the [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] for, uh, something [[Friends-词汇总表#grape\|grape]]?

**Rachel:** That'd be good.

**Ross:** Alright. *(He goes to get the glasses. Then he hesitates and turns off the main light. Rachel looks round and he acts surprised)* The, uh, the [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbour\|neighbours]] must be [[Friends-词汇总表#vacuum\|vacuuming]]. *(He sits down and starts to pour the wine)* Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was [[Friends-词汇总表#partially\|partially]] because of how we, um...

*(Barry bursts in)*

**Barry:** Rachel.

**Rachel:** Barry?!

**Barry:** I can't. I can't do it, I can't marry Mindy. I think I'm still in love with you. Ross and Rachel: Oh!

**Ross:** We have got to start [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|locking]] that door!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Joey, Phoebe, and Chandler are looking through Monica's high school yearbook

**Monica:** This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?

**Phoebe:** Nope.

**Monica:** That's because I'm in front of them.

**Chandler:** Eh. I thought that was an [[Friends-词汇总表#alp\|alp]].

**Monica:** Well, high school was not my [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] time.

**Joey:** I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.

**Chandler:** Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]] a major [[Friends-词汇总表#lifestyle\|lifestyle]] choice.

**Monica:** Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?

**Phoebe:** Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! *(She stands up and starts to dance around)* Ooh! My [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 3 | 182 | 101 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 2 | 68 | 52 | *That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty.  Lucky. To have had a friend like you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis emb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 2 | 115 | 97 | *Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 2 | 101 | 74 | *How could you lose him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 2 | 64 | 50 | *Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems.  But you? What a bitch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *I could... but I won't. If I find that monkey, he's mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Wonderful!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face...  ...with, with Russian dressing and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda craz* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda craz* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Turned out it was a hat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven'* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *We can't, alright?  We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Step aside, ladies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis emb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Alright.  The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming.  Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *I can't. I can't do it, I can't marry Mindy. I think I'm still in love with you. Ross and Rachel: Oh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh!  Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!* |

### 常用词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marcel\|marcel]] | /mɑ:'sel/ | n. 波浪形鬈发 | n. a hairdo characterized by deep regular waves that are made by a heated curlin | 38 | 84 | 10 | *Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the ri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] | /'mʌŋki/ | n. 猴子, 猿, 打桩锤 | n. any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians) | 30 | 86 | 23 | *Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]] | /ʃu:/ | n. 鞋, 靴, 外胎 | n. footwear shaped to fit the foot (below the ankle) with a flexible upper of le | 4 | 31 | 14 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 3 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 3 | 60 | 37 | *That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 2 | 35 | 21 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] | /in'geidʒdmәnt/ | n. 诺言, 约会, 婚约, 交战 | n. employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited perio | 2 | 26 | 13 | *Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] | /meid/ | n. 少女, 未婚女子, 女仆 | n. a female domestic | 2 | 38 | 15 | *And Mindy, your maid of...?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] | /tәu/ | n. 足趾, 趾部, 脚趾 | n. one of the digits of the foot | 2 | 25 | 18 | *Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 2 | 38 | 30 | *Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 2 | 56 | 42 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | num. 第四, 四分之一 | n. following the third position; number four in a countable series | 2 | 21 | 15 | *Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 2 | 81 | 49 | *No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 2 | 58 | 39 | *Something just brushed up against my right leg!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 2 | 42 | 36 | *Oh gosh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 2 | 69 | 43 | *Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 2 | 49 | 38 | *Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh!  Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] | /'pi:nis/ | n. 阳物, 阴茎 | n. the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism) | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis emb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]] | /.intә'rʌpt/ | vt. 中断, 妨碍, 插嘴 | n. a signal that temporarily stops the execution of a program so that another pr | 1 | 11 | 11 | *...Gets interrupted. Hi!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] | /gʌn/ | n. 枪 | n. a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal  | 1 | 22 | 16 | *I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1 | 37 | 22 | *Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes* |
| woo | /wu:/ | vt. 追求, 向...求爱, 恳求 | v. seek someone's favor | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] | /lu:s/ | n. 发射, 放任, 放纵 | a. not compact or dense in structure or arrangement | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles.  Mr. Heckles: You owe me a waffle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickle]] | /'pikl/ | n. 盐卤, 腌汁, 泡菜, 困境, 讨厌鬼 | n. vegetables (especially cucumbers) preserved in brine or vinegar | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face...  ...with, with Russian dressing and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#painful\|painful]] | /'peinful/ | a. 痛苦的, 困难的, 令人烦恼的 | a. causing physical or psychological pain | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Okay, quick and painful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] | /pen/ | n. 钢笔, 笔, 笔调, 笔杆子, 作家, 围栏, 栅栏, 禽畜 | n. a writing implement with a point from which ink flows | 1 | 22 | 11 | *No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *My uncle Marcel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] | /ә'wєә/ | a. 知道的, 有觉悟的 | a. (sometimes followed by `of') having or showing knowledge or understanding or  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]] | /'prizn/ | n. 监狱, 监禁, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for p | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] | /ig'nɒ:/ | vt. 不理睬, 忽视, 驳回, 忽略 | v. refuse to acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sake]] | /seik/ | n. 目的, 缘故, 理由 | n. a reason for wanting something done | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] | /brʌʃ/ | n. 刷子, 毛笔, 争吵 | n. a dense growth of bushes | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Something just brushed up against my right leg!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] | /ә'said/ | n. 小声说的话, 旁白 | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the  | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Step aside, ladies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] | /in'tens/ | a. 非常的, 强烈的, 紧张的, 热情的 | a. possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *Are you insane? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon.  Mr. Heckles: C'mere, Patti.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Here, monkey. Here, monkey! Here, monkey!  Gotcha.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *You're both gonna have to take this up with the judge. Mr. Heckles: That's not my monkey. Just the d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *You're both gonna have to take this up with the judge. Mr. Heckles: That's not my monkey. Just the d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] | /pєә/ | n. 一双, 一对, 一副 | n. a set of two similar things considered as a unit | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *We have got to start locking that door!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 1 | 21 | 16 | *Well, high school was not my favourite time.* |
| dunno | /dʌ'nәj/ | v. <口>(我)不知道 |  | 1 | 29 | 16 | *I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] | /tʃi:k/ | n. 颊, 厚颜, 脸蛋 | n. either side of the face below the eyes | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh!  Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!* |

### 低频词（88）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heckle\|heckle]] | /'hekl/ | vt. 诘问, 以麻梳梳理, 激烈质问 | v. comb with a heckle | 14 | 44 | 5 | *Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it? Mr. Heckles: I left a Belgian waffle out he* |
| luisa |  | n. 路易莎（女性名） |  | 7 | 7 | 1 | *Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!* |
| mindy | /'mindi/ | n. 明迪（Minna的异体） |  | 5 | 31 | 5 | *Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh * |
| whoah |  | [网络] 哇；呜哇 |  | 4 | 11 | 6 | *Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis emb* |
| patti |  | 帕蒂（人名） |  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Marcel! What've you done to him? Mr. Heckles: That's my monkey. That's Patti, Patti the monkey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rice\|rice]] | /rais/ | n. 米, 米饭, 稻 | n. grains used as food either unpolished or more often polished | 3 | 9 | 5 | *Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the ri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nudity\|nudity]] | /'nju:diti/ | n. 裸露, 裸露物, 裸体像 | n the state of being without clothing or covering of any kind | 3 | 8 | 5 | *Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pooped\|pooped]] | /pu:pt/ | [俚]筋疲力竭的 | imp. & p. p. of Poop | 3 | 4 | 2 | *I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waffle\|waffle]] | /'wɒfl/ | vi. 胡扯, 闲聊 | n. pancake batter baked in a waffle iron | 3 | 8 | 5 | *Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it? Mr. Heckles: I left a Belgian waffle out he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curl]] | /kә:l/ | n. 拳曲, 鬈发 | n. American chemist who with Richard Smalley and Harold Kroto discovered fullere | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best * |
| hugh | /hju:/ | n. 休（男子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking. Monica and Phoebe: Hugh! H* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belgian\|belgian]] | /'beldʒәn/ | n. 比利时人 | n. a native or inhabitant of Belgium | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it? Mr. Heckles: I left a Belgian waffle out he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#partially\|partially]] | /'pɑ:ʃәli/ | adv. 部分地, 一部分地, 不公平地 | r. in part; in some degree; not wholly | 2 | 2 | 1 | *No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]] | /i'li:gәl/ | a. 违法的, 不合规定的 | a. prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exotic\|exotic]] | /ig'zɒtik/ | a. 异国的, 外来的 | s. strikingly strange or unusual | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#radiator\|radiator]] | /'reidieitә/ | n. 暖气装置, 散热器, 辐射体 | n. any object that radiates energy | 2 | 7 | 3 | *Yes have you seen any? Woman No. 1: No. No, haven't seen a monkey. Do you know anything about fixing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#banana\|banana]] | /bә'nɑ:nә/ | n. 香蕉 | n. any of several tropical and subtropical treelike herbs of the genus Musa havi | 2 | 13 | 6 | *Hi, did you order some bananas? Mr. Heckles: What about it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] | /prɔm/ | n. (英)音乐会, (美)舞会, 散步道 | n a formal ball held for a school class toward the end of the academic year | 2 | 16 | 8 | *Sorry, prom queen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earl\|earl]] | /ә:l/ | n. 伯爵 | n. a British peer ranking below a marquess and above a viscount | 1 | 10 | 3 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grey\|grey]] | /grei/ | n. 灰色 | n. United States writer of western adventure novels (1875-1939) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cinnamon\|cinnamon]] | /'sinәmәn/ | n. 肉桂, 肉桂树皮, 肉桂色 | n. aromatic bark used as a spice | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#camomile\|camomile]] | /'kæmәmail/ | [医] 洋甘菊, 白花母菊 | n Eurasian plant with apple-scented foliage and white-rayed flowers and feathery | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mint\|mint]] | /mint/ | n. 薄荷, 造币厂, 巨额 | n. any north temperate plant of the genus Mentha with aromatic leaves and small  | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#medley\|medley]] | /'medli/ | n. 混合, 混杂, 杂录 | n. a musical composition consisting of a series of songs or other musical pieces | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blackberry\|blackberry]] | /'brækbәri/ | n. 刺, 黑莓 | n. large sweet black or very dark purple edible aggregate fruit of any of variou | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lemon\|lemon]] | /'lemәn/ | n. 柠檬, 柠檬树, 柠檬色 | n. yellow oval fruit with juicy acidic flesh | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soother\|soother]] | /'su:ðә/ | n. 抚慰者, 橡皮奶头 | n. One who, or that which, soothes. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunk\|bunk]] | /bʌŋk/ | n. 铺位, 废话, 逃走 | n. a long trough for feeding cattle | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embargo\|embargo]] | /im'bɑ:gәu/ | n. 封港令, 禁运 | n. a government order imposing a trade barrier | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis emb* |
| paolo | /'pɑ:ɔ:lɔ:/ | n. 保罗（男子名） | n. An old Italian silver coin, worth about ten cents. | 1 | 38 | 7 | *Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Bar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raw\|raw]] | /rɒ:/ | n. 擦伤处, 半成品 | n. informal terms for nakedness | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Bar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bomb\|bomb]] | /bɒm/ | n. 炸弹 | n. an explosive device fused to explode under specific conditions | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violence\|violence]] | /'vaiәlәns/ | n. 猛烈, 暴力, 暴虐, 暴行 | n. an act of aggression (as one against a person who resists) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.* |
| lou | /lu:/ | n. 卢（女子名, 等于Louise或Lu） |  | 1 | 4 | 3 | *I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking. Monica and Phoebe: Hugh! H* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frolic\|frolic]] | /'frɒlik/ | n. 嬉戏 | v. play boisterously | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking. Monica and Phoebe: Hugh! H* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unclench\|unclench]] | /.ʌn'klentʃ/ | vt. 弄开, 撬开 | v. t. Same as Unclinch. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disbelief\|disbelief]] | /.disbi'li:f/ | n. 不信, 怀疑 | n doubt about the truth of something | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]] | /freiz/ | n. 惯用语, 词组, 成语, 措词, 乐句 | n. an expression consisting of one or more words forming a grammatical constitue | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last us* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feather\|feather]] | /'feðә/ | n. 羽毛 | n. the light horny waterproof structure forming the external covering of birds | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boa\|boa]] | /'bәuә/ | n. 蟒蛇, 女用围巾, 羽毛围巾 | n. any of several chiefly tropical constrictors with vestigial hind limbs | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| francis | /'frɑ:nsis/ | n. 弗朗西斯（男子名, 义为自由之人） |  | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raven\|raven]] | /'reivn/ | n. 渡鸦, 掠夺 | n. large black bird with a straight bill and long wedge-shaped tail | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poo\|poo]] |  | 邮政汇票 |  | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dexter\|dexter]] | /'dekstә/ | a. 右侧的, 右边的, 幸运的, 吉利的 | s. on or starting from the wearer's right | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clunky\|clunky]] | /ˈklʌŋki/ | a. 粗笨的；笨重的 | s. making a clunking sound | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amish\|amish]] | /'ɑ:miʃ/ | n. 孟诺教派；孟诺教派之教徒 | n. an American follower of the Mennonite religion | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]] | /'negәtiv/ | n. 否定, 否定语, 负数, 底片 | n. a reply of denial | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#touristy\|touristy]] | /'tuәristi/ | a. 游览者的, 游览者喜欢的 | s visited by throngs of tourists | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spray\|spray]] | /sprei/ | n. 水沫, 浪花, 水花, 喷雾, 喷雾器, 小树枝 | n. a pesticide in suspension or solution; intended for spraying | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lysol\|lysol]] | /'laisɒl/ | n. 来苏尔, 杂酚皂液 | n. a clear oily brown solution of cresols in soap; used as an antiseptic and dis | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regis\|regis]] | /'ri:dʒis/ | n. 里吉斯（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A monkey. Have you seen a monkey? Mr. Heckles: Saw Regis Philbin once...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#philbin\|philbin]] |  | [人名] 菲尔宾 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A monkey. Have you seen a monkey? Mr. Heckles: Saw Regis Philbin once...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newark\|newark]] |  | n. 纽瓦克市（美国新泽西州港市） | n. the largest city in New Jersey; located in northeastern New Jersey | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda craz* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]] | /'mә:dә/ | n. 谋杀 | n. unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pencil\|pencil]] | /'pensl/ | n. 铅笔, 色笔, 眉笔, 画笔, 光线束 | n. a thin cylindrical pointed writing implement; a rod of marking substance enca | 1 | 7 | 7 | *No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstand]] | /.misʌndә'stænd/ | vt. 误解, 误会 | v interpret in the wrong way | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possession\|possession]] | /pә'zeʃәn/ | n. 拥有, 占有, 所有, 财产, 领土, 领地, 自制, 着迷 | n. the act of having and controlling property | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punishable\|punishable]] | /'pʌniʃәbl/ | a. 该罚的, 可罚的 | s. liable to or deserving punishment | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confiscation\|confiscation]] | /kɒnfis'keiʃәn/ | n. 没收, 充公 | n. seizure by the government | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creature\|creature]] | /'kri:tʃә/ | n. 人, 动物, 创造物, 生物 | n. a human being; `wight' is an archaic term | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]] | /dʒeil/ | n. 监牢, 监狱, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custo | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quietly\|quietly]] | /'kwaiәtli/ | adv. 安静地, 沉着地, 秘密地 | r. with little or no sound | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reconcile\|reconcile]] | /'rekәnsail/ | vt. 使和解, 调停, 使和谐, 使一致, 使听从 | v. come to terms | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gianetti\|gianetti]] |  | n. (Gianetti)人名；(意)贾内蒂 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lincoln\|lincoln]] | /'liŋkәn/ | n. 林肯 | n. 16th President of the United States; saved the Union during the American Civi | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bobcat\|bobcat]] | /'bɒbkæt/ | n. 红猫, 短尾猫 | n. small lynx of North America | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knob\|knob]] | /nɒb/ | n. 把手, 瘤, 旋钮, 球形突出物 | n. a circular rounded projection or protuberance | 1 | 9 | 4 | *Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way? Woman No. 1: Of course.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expertise\|expertise]] | /.ekspә:'ti:z/ | n. 专家意见, 专门技术 | n skillfulness by virtue of possessing special knowledge | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a * |
| yea | /jei/ | n. 肯定, 赞成, 赞成票 | n. an affirmative | 1 | 15 | 5 | *We can't, alright?  We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tranquiliser\|tranquiliser]] | /ˈtræŋkwəˌlaɪzə, ˈtræn-/ | n. 镇静剂, 止痛药 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Just a small tranquiliser.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbourhood\|neighbourhood]] | /'neibәhud/ | n. 邻接, 周围, 附近一带, 邻近, 邻居关系, 地区, 街道, 街坊, 四邻 | n a surrounding or nearby region | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nono\|nono]] | /'nәu,nәu/ | n. 禁例；禁忌 |  | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vintage\|vintage]] | /'vintidʒ/ | n. 酒, 葡萄收获(期、量), 酿酒 | n. a season's yield of wine from a vineyard | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oblivious\|oblivious]] | /ә'bliviәs/ | a. 遗忘的, 健忘的, 不知不觉的 | s. (followed by `to' or `of') lacking conscious awareness of | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potassium\|potassium]] | /pә'tæsiәm/ | n. 钾 | n. a light soft silver-white metallic element of the alkali metal group; oxidize | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Then what's with all the bananas? Mr. Heckles: Potassium.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homecoming\|homecoming]] | /'hәumkʌmiŋ/ | n. 归国, 省亲回家, 同学会 | n. an annual school or university reunion for graduates | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punish\|punish]] | /'pʌniʃ/ | vt. 处罚, 惩罚, 严厉对待 | v. impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supervisor\|supervisor]] | /.sju:pә'vaizә/ | n. 管理者, 监督者, 指导者, 视导员 | n. one who supervises or has charge and direction of | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dart\|dart]] | /dɑ:t/ | n. 飞镖, 投射 | n. a small narrow pointed missile that is thrown or shot | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pump\|pump]] | /pʌmp/ | n. 抽水机, 打气筒, 泵, 抽吸 | n. a mechanical device that moves fluid or gas by pressure or suction | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outfit\|outfit]] | /'autfit/ | n. 用具, 配备, 机构 | n. any cohesive unit such as a military company | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grape\|grape]] | /greip/ | n. 葡萄, 葡萄树 | n. any of various juicy fruit of the genus Vitis with green or purple skins; gro | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbour\|neighbour]] | /'neibә/ | n. 邻居, 邻接的东西, 邻国, 邻座, 邻人, 世人 | n a person who lives (or is located) near another | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Alright.  The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming.  Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vacuum\|vacuum]] | /''vækjuәm/ | n. 真空, 空间, 真空吸尘器 | n. the absence of matter | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Alright.  The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming.  Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on th* |
| von | /vɔn;fɔn;fәn/ | [计] 冯·诺伊曼 |  | 1 | 4 | 3 | *This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trapp\|trapp]] | /træp/ | n. 暗色岩 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alp\|alp]] | /ælp/ | n. 高山 | n. any high mountain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Eh. I thought that was an alp.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifestyle\|lifestyle]] | /'laifstail/ | n. 生活方式 | n a manner of living that reflects the person's values and attitudes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major* |
