---
season: 1
episode: "04"
title: "The One With George Stephanopoulos"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E04 — The One With George Stephanopoulos

*Written by: Alexa Junge*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there except Joey.

**Monica:** Alright. Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** Okay, okay. If I were [[Friends-词汇总表#omnipotent\|omnipotent]] for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more [[Friends-词汇总表#hunger\|hunger]], good things for the [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]]-forest...And [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]]!

**Ross:** Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?

**Chandler:** Uh, if I were [[Friends-词汇总表#omnipotent\|omnipotent]] for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]].

**Rachel:** See, there's always one guy. *(Mocking)* "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes." *(Joey enters.)*

**All:** Hey Joey. Hi. Hey, buddy.

**Monica:** Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were [[Friends-词汇总表#omnipotent\|omnipotent]]?

**Joey:** Probably kill myself!

**Monica:** ..Excuse me?

**Joey:** Hey, if Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live!

**Ross:** Joey, uh- OMnipotent.

**Joey:** You are? Ross, I'm sorry..


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Monica are watching Phoebe sleep.

**Monica:** How does she do that?

**Ross:** I cannot sleep in a public place.

**Monica:** Would you look at her? She is so [[Friends-词汇总表#peaceful\|peaceful]].

**Phoebe:** *(waking and startling them)* Oh! What what what! ...Hi.

**Ross:** It's okay, y'know, you just [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nodded]] off again.

**Monica:** What's going on with you?

**Phoebe:** I got no sleep last night!

**Ross:** Why?

**Phoebe:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#insecure\|insecure]] in bed. Oh, and [[Friends-词汇总表#deaf\|deaf]]. So they're [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]], like, having to [[Friends-词汇总表#reassure\|reassure]] each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] they are!

**Monica:** Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.

**Phoebe:** Thanks.

*(Chandler and Joey enter.  Joey is counting his steps.)*

**Joey:** ...Ninety-five, [[Friends-词汇总表#ninety\|ninety]]-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.

**Chandler:** You got waaaay too much free time.

**Joey:** *(to Ross)* Hey! Here's the [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] boy! Ross, check it out: [[Friends-词汇总表#hockey\|hockey]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]], Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.

**Chandler:** Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]], pal!

**Joey:** We love you, man. *(Kisses Ross)*

**Ross:** Funny, my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] was seven months ago.

**Joey:** So?

**Ross:** So, I'm guessing you had an extra [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] and couldn't [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] which one of you got to bring a date?

**Chandler:** Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]]."

**Ross:** Oh my God, oh- is today the [[Friends-词汇总表#twentieth\|twentieth]], October twentieth?

**Monica:** Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.

**Ross:** Ohhh.

**Joey:** What's wrong with the [[Friends-词汇总表#twentieth\|twentieth]]?

**Chandler:** Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costumes]] are gone?

**Ross:** Today's the day Carol and I first.. [[Friends-词汇总表#consummate\|consummated]] our physical relationship. *(Joey is puzzled.)* Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]].

**Joey:** The hell with [[Friends-词汇总表#hockey\|hockey]], let's all do that!

**Chandler:** *(trying to stop Ross leaving)* C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, *(Pretending to punch him in the stomach.)* Huh? Huh? Huh?

**Ross:** What are you doing?

**Chandler:** *(stops)* I have no idea.

**Joey:** C'mon, Ross!

**Ross:** Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big [[Friends-词汇总表#thumb\|thumb]] [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]]?

**Chandler:** You got it.

*(Rachel runs up cluching an envelope.)*

**Rachel:** Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!

**Phoebe:** I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a [[Friends-词汇总表#cave\|cave]] in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.

**Monica:** Wow, you worked in a mine?

**Phoebe:** I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?

**Rachel:** God, isn't this exciting? I [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earned]] this. I [[Friends-词汇总表#wipe\|wiped]] tables for it, I [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steamed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] for it, and it was totally—*(opens envelope)*—not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.

**Chandler:** *(looking)* Oh, this is not that bad.

**Joey:** Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job.

**Ross:** You can totally, totally live on this.

**Monica:** Yeah, yeah.

**Ross:** Oh, by the way, great service tonight.

**All:** Oh! Yeah!

*(They all get their wallets out and give generous tips.)*

**Guys:** Hockey! *(They go to leave but are blocked by three of Rachel's friends, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne.  The guys pause to stare at them.)* Hockey! Hockey. *(The guys.)*

**Leslie:** *(looking around)* Rachel?

**Rachel:** Oh my God! (Rachel, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne all [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] each other.

**Monica:** *(to Phoebe)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] I've seen [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]] do this on Wild Kingdom.

**Rachel:** What are you guys doing here?

**Kiki:** Well, we were in the city shopping, and your mom said you work here, aaand it's true!

**Joanne:** Look at you in the [[Friends-词汇总表#apron\|apron]]. You look like you're in a play.

**Rachel:** *(to a pregnant Leslie)* Look at you, you are so big I can't believe it!

**Leslie:** I know. I know! I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#duplex\|duplex]].

**Rachel:** *(to Joanne)* So what's going on with you?

**Joanne:** Well, guess who my dad's making partner in his firm? *(She points to herself and they all scream again.)*

**Kiki:** And while we're on the subject of news.. *(She holds up here finger to show off her engagement ring and they all scream again.)*

**Phoebe:** *(to Monica)* Look, look, I have [[Friends-词汇总表#elbow\|elbows]]! *(They scream.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Street, Chandler and Joey are kicking a can to each other.

**Chandler:** ...Poulet passes it up to Leetch! *(Passes it to Joey.)*

**Joey:** Leetch [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spots]] Messier in the crease- there's the pass! *(He kicks it to Ross, but Ross is staring into a shop window.)*

**Chandler:** We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]].

**Ross:** Carol was wearing [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- *(off Chandler's look)* Sorry. Sorry.

*(They walk on.  Chandler and Joey start to talk but Ross stops and whines.)*

**Joey:** What?

**Ross:** Peach [[Friends-词汇总表#pit\|pit]].

**Chandler:** Yes, Bunny?

**Ross:** *(points)* Peach [[Friends-词汇总表#pit\|pit]]. That night we, uh- we had-

**Joey:** -Peaches?

**Ross:** Actually, [[Friends-词汇总表#nectarine\|nectarines]], but [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]]...

**Chandler:** *(to Joey)* Could've been a [[Friends-词汇总表#peach\|peach]].

**Ross:** Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- *(looks up, realises, and points)* -the bus stop... I'm fine.

**Joey:** Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's!

*(They turn to stare at him.) What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel, Lesile, Kiki, and Joanne are talking.

**Rachel:** So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the [[Friends-词汇总表#dirt\|dirt]]!

**Kiki:** Well, the [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] news is still you [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumping]] Barry at the [[Friends-词汇总表#altar\|altar]]!

**Joanne:** Alright. Let's talk [[Friends-词汇总表#reality\|reality]] for a second.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Joanne:** When are you coming home?

**Rachel:** What? Guys, I'm not.

**Joanne:** C'mon, this is us.

**Rachel:** I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-

**Kiki:** Waitressing?

**Rachel:** Okay, I'm not just [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitressing]]. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#vase\|vase]]... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] blobbies on the [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]].

**Leslie:** Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Monica are in pajamas and Monica is making something in the blender as Rachel enters.

**Monica:** Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends?

*(She and Phoebe scream.) Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch? (She pours the contents of the blender into some glasses.)*

**Rachel:** What's that?

**Monica:** Weeeell, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#rum\|rum]], and-

**Rachel:** Okay. *(Grabs the blender and starts to drink.)*

**Monica:** We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a [[Friends-词汇总表#slumber\|slumber]] party thing. We got some [[Friends-词汇总表#trashy\|trashy]] magazines, we got [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dough\|dough]], we got Twister... *(The phone rings and Monica answers it.)*

**Phoebe:** Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the [[Friends-词汇总表#tweezer\|tweezers]], so we can't [[Friends-词汇总表#operate\|operate]]. But we can [[Friends-词汇总表#prep\|prep]] the guy!

**Monica:** Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.

**Rachel:** Oh, God, ask them what they want.

**Monica:** *(on phone)* Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? *(Listens)* Yes, hold on. *(To Rachel)* Um, they say there's been some [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] activity on your account.

**Rachel:** But I haven't used my card in weeks!

**Monica:** That is the [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.

**Rachel:** They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]], and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?

**Monica:** *(pauses then on the phone)* Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?

**Rachel:** Alright, c'mon! *(Miserably)* Let's play Twister!


> [!scene] Scene: Madison Square Garden, the guys are trying to find their seats.

**Ross:** *(squeezing past people)* Sorry, sorry... Uh-oh.

**Chandler:** What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] Pittsburgh fans?

**Ross:** No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] it, there was ice there that night... It was the first [[Friends-词汇总表#frost\|frost]]...

**Joey:** C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, they're all hanging out in the living room.

**Monica:** You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing [[Friends-词汇总表#independence\|independence]] thing!

**Rachel:** Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?

**Phoebe:** You are just like Jack.

**Rachel:** ...Jack from [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]]?

**Phoebe:** No, Jack and the Beanstalk.

**Monica:** Ah, the other Jack.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic [[Friends-词汇总表#bean\|beans]]. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibilities]] and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..

**Rachel:** Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]], I gave up an [[Friends-词汇总表#orthodontist\|orthodontist]]. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-

**Phoebe:** Oh, see, Jack did love the [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]].

**Rachel:** But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like...

**Phoebe:** Floopy?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Monica:** So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.

**Phoebe:** Oh, like that's a word.

**Rachel:** Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?

**Monica:** ...Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.

**Rachel:** Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic [[Friends-词汇总表#bean\|beans]]? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans?


> [!scene] Scene: Madison Square Garden, the guys are watching the game.

**Ross:** Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!

**Chandler:** *(to Ross)* See buddy, that's all you need, a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#toothless\|toothless]] guys hitting each other with sticks.

**Ross:** Pass it! Pass it!

**Chandler:** He's open!

**All:** Shoot! Shoot! Shoot!

*(The player shoots and the puck flies off the rink and hits Ross in the face.  Chandler looks concered until he notices...)*

**Chandler:** Hey, look, we're on that TV thing!

*(Chandler and Joey hold the puck and wave at the TV thing.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: An Emergency Room, Chandler and Joey are leading Ross in.

**Chandler:** *(to the receptionist)*'Scuse me.

**Receptionist:** *(holds up her hand—she is on the phone)* It says to call this number if you're not completely [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfied]] with this [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] bar. Well, I'm not completely satisfied.

**Chandler:** Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the [[Friends-词汇总表#predicament\|predicament]] room. *(The receptionist glares at him.)*

**Receptionist:** *(on phone)* Hold on. *(To Chandler)* Fill these out, sit over there. *(Tosses him some forms.)*

**Ross:** *(jumping to his feet)* Look, I don't wanna make any [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]], okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is [[Friends-词汇总表#dent\|dented]].

**Receptionist:** Well, you'll have to wait your turn.

**Joey:** Well, how long do you think it'll be?

**Receptionist:** *(sarcastic)* Any minute now.

**Ross:** Hey, this- *(she gives him a look and the guys back off)* Heyy...


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the slumber party continues.

**Rachel:** I'm so sorry, you guys. I didn't mean to bring you down.

**Monica:** No, you were right. I don't have a plan.

*(There's a knock on the door.)*

**Pizza Guy:** *(yelling from outside)* Pizza guy!

**Rachel:** Thank God. Food. *(She goes to answer the door.)*

**Monica:** Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** What?

**Monica:** Do you have a plan?

**Phoebe:** I don't even have a 'pl'.

**Pizza Guy:** Hi, one, uh, mushroom, green pepper and onion?

**Rachel:** *(miserably)* No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free [[Friends-词汇总表#crust\|crust]] with extra [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]].

**Pizza Guy:** Wait, you're not 'G.Stephanopoulos?' Man, my dad's gonna kill me!

**Monica:** *(leaping off of the couch and runs up)* Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?'

**Pizza Guy:** Yeah. This one goes across the street, I must have given him yours. Oh, bonehead, bonehead!

**Monica:** Wait, was this a-a small [[Friends-词汇总表#mediterranean\|mediterranean]] guy with [[Friends-词汇总表#curiously\|curiously]] [[Friends-词汇总表#intelligent\|intelligent]] good looks?

**Pizza Guy:** Yeah, that sounds about right.

**Monica:** Was he wearing a [[Friends-词汇总表#stun\|stunning]] blue [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]]?

**Phoebe:** And-and a power [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]]?

**Pizza Guy:** No, pretty much just a towel.

**Monica:** *(staggered)* Oh God.

**Pizza Guy:** So you guys want me to take this back?

**Monica:** Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]]?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]! *(Rachel pays him, Monica grabs some binoculars, and runs to the window.)*

**Rachel:** Uh, Pheebs? Who's George Snuffalopagus?

**Phoebe:** Big Bird's friend.

**Monica:** I see [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh, I wanna see! Lemme see! Lemme see! *(She runs up and takes the binoculars.)*

**Rachel:** Hello? Who are we [[Friends-词汇总表#spy\|spying]] on?

**Monica:** White House [[Friends-词汇总表#adviser\|adviser]]? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]], really cute [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]]?

**Rachel:** Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!

**Phoebe:** Ooh, wait.. wait, I see a woman.

**Monica:** Please tell me it's his mother.

**Phoebe:** Definitely not his mother.

**Monica:** Oh, no...

**Phoebe:** Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]- *(Yelling)* Hey, that's not for you, bitch! *(Phoebe covers her mouth with her hand walks away from the window.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Emergency Room, Joey is miming hockey pucks kitting foreheads.  Chandler realises it's getting tense and goes to the receptionist again.

**Chandler:** Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] thing? Who's he sleeping with? *(She slides the gladd panel over and Chandler talks through it in a loud voice.)* Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. *(To the waiting room.)* Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. *(She slides the panel back, he turns, and it takes him by surprise.)* Ba-!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the girls are all out on the balcony.

**Monica:** Light still out?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Oh. Maybe they're- [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|napping]].

**Rachel:** Oh please, they're having sex. Monica and Phoebe: Shut up!

**Rachel:** So, whaddya think George is like?

**Monica:** I think he's [[Friends-词汇总表#shy\|shy]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Monica:** Yeah. I think you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] him out. And then- when you do- he's a [[Friends-词汇总表#preppy\|preppy]] animal.


> [!scene] Scene: The Emergency Room, Ross is still going on about his first night with Carol.

**Ross:** I remember the [[Friends-词汇总表#moonlight\|moonlight]] coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible [[Friends-词汇总表#glow\|glow]].

**Chandler:** Yes, the [[Friends-词汇总表#moon\|moon]], the [[Friends-词汇总表#glow\|glow]], the [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]], you did this part- Could I get some [[Friends-词汇总表#painkiller\|painkillers]] over here, please?

**Joey:** He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.

**Ross:** Look, it's just a little more [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]]...

**Chandler:** Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?

**Ross:** Little [[Friends-词汇总表#louder\|louder]], okay, I think there's a man on the [[Friends-词汇总表#twelfth\|twelfth]] floor in a [[Friends-词汇总表#coma\|coma]] that didn't quite hear you...

**Chandler:** Then what?

**Ross:** My first time with Carol was... *(He mumbles the last part)*

**Joey:** What?

**Ross:** It was my first time.

**Joey:** With Carol? *(Ross gives him a look.)* Oh.

**Chandler:** So in your whole life, you've only been with one—*(He gets a look too)*—oh.

**Joey:** Whoah, boy, [[Friends-词汇总表#hockey\|hockey]] was a big [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]! There was a whole [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of stuff we could've done tonight!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the girls are still out on the balcony.

**Monica:** Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pate\|pate]] that I made that you loved so much?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh.

**Monica:** Well, unless [[Friends-词汇总表#goose\|goose]] is a [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetable\|vegetable]]...ha haaaah!

**Phoebe:** Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.

**Monica:** What?! You slept with Jason?

**Phoebe:** You'd already broken up.

**Rachel:** How long?

**Phoebe:** A couple hours.

**Monica:** Oh, that's nice!

**Rachel:** Okay, okay, okay, I got one! *(She sits up and the cushion she was leaning against falls off of the balcony.)* Anyway- The [[Friends-词汇总表#valentine\|valentine]] Tommy Rollerson left in your [[Friends-词汇总表#locker\|locker]] was really from me.

**Monica:** Excuse me?!

**Rachel:** Hello? Like he was really gonna send you one? *(To Phoebe)* She was a big girl.

**Monica:** Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] in their pants in [[Friends-词汇总表#seventh\|seventh]] grade!

**Rachel:** I was laughing! You made me laugh! *(Monica and Rachel start to squabble)*

**Phoebe:** There he is! There he is!

**Monica:** Where?

**Phoebe:** Right- where we've been looking all night!

**Rachel:** He is so cute!

**Monica:** Oh, George, baby, drop the [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]]!

**All:** Yeah, drop it! Drop the [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]]! Please drop the—*(pause)*—wowww.


> [!scene] Scene: The Emergency Room, Ross is absent.

**Joey:** Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?

**Chandler:** I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]]...

**Joey:** Really?

**Chandler:** No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. *(Ross enters off camera)*

**Both:** Hey, buddy.

**Ross:** Hi. *(He is wearing a piece of steel bandaged to his nose.  He tosses some forms onto reception desk.)*

**Receptionist:** *(sarcastic)* Oh, that's [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]].

**Chandler:** Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.

**Ross:** Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me [[Friends-词汇总表#specifically\|specifically]], which part was the fun part? Where's my [[Friends-词汇总表#puck\|puck]]?

**Joey:** Oh, ah- the kid has it.

**Ross:** The kid...? *(To the kid)* Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my [[Friends-词汇总表#puck\|puck]].

**Kid:** I found it. Finders [[Friends-词汇总表#keeper\|keepers]], [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|losers]] [[Friends-词汇总表#weeper\|weepers]]. *(Ross looks at Chandler for help.)*

**Chandler:** You gotta do it, man.

**Ross:** *(to the kid)* Oh yeah? Well, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]], you're [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]], whatever—*(to Chandler)*—can't do it. *(to the kid)* Listen, uh- gimme back my [[Friends-词汇总表#puck\|puck]].

**Kid:** No.

**Ross:** 'Yes', how about. C'mere. Gimme!

**Kid:** No! No! *(They start to fight over it.)*

**Receptionist:** Hey! Hey! No [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] holding in my ER!

**Ross:** *(tries to snatch it from the kid)* GIVE ME MY PUCK!! *(but it files out of his grasp and knocks out the receptionist)*

**Ross:** ...Now that was fun.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey and the girls are playing twister.

**Ross:** *(Doing the spinning)* Okay, Monica: Right foot red.

**Monica:** Could've played Monopoly, but nooooo.

*(There's a knock on the door, Chandler opens it, and silently hands back the cushion.)*

**Chandler:** Thanks. *(The guy nods and leaves)*

**Ross:** Okay, Pheebs: Right hand blue. *(Phoebe has to bend over.)*Good. *(Joey stares at her butt appreciatively)*

*(The phone rings and Chandler answers it.)*

**Chandler:** Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.

**Rachel:** Oh, okay. Will you take my place?

**Chandler:** Alright. *(on phone)* Yes, this is Rachel.

**Rachel:** Nooo! *(She grabs the phone and Chandler takes her place on the mat.)* *(On phone)* Hello? *(Listens)* Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. *(Listens)* Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.

**Ross:** Green. To the green.

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* I've got magic [[Friends-词汇总表#bean\|beans]]. *(Listens)* Never-never mind.

**Chandler:** To the left, to the left- aww! *(They all collapse)*

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* Ohhh... I'm fine.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（32）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 4 | 224 | 126 | *..Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 4 | 170 | 116 | *C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 3 | 279 | 145 | *God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 3 | 217 | 129 | *He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *Well, we were in the city shopping, and your mom said you work here, aaand it's true!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Well, guess who my dad's making partner in his firm?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she neve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 2 | 162 | 106 | *You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 2 | 87 | 69 | *Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Oh, ah- the kid has it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Probably kill myself!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *The hell with hockey, let's all do that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Well, guess who my dad's making partner in his firm?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the-  -the bus stop... I'm fine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Definitely not his mother.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *No, you kidding? The guy's a freak..* |

### 常用词（63）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 3 | 152 | 44 | *Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 3 | 54 | 42 | *Shoot! Shoot! Shoot!* |
| whaddya |  |  | Short for "What do you". | 2 | 17 | 10 | *C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy,  Huh? Huh? Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 2 | 35 | 21 | *Waitressing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]] | /kau/ | n. 母牛, 母兽 | n. female of domestic cattle: "`moo-cow' is a child's term" | 2 | 16 | 13 | *Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 2 | 48 | 44 | *See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 2 | 73 | 42 | *Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] | /'tauәl/ | n. 手巾, 毛巾 | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping | 2 | 19 | 18 | *Oh, George, baby, drop the towel!* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 2 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good thin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 1 | 27 | 18 | *Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good thin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nod]] | /nɒd/ | n. 点头, 打盹, 晃动 | n. a sign of assent or salutation or command | 1 | 15 | 10 | *It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 1 | 30 | 18 | *So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]] | /i'levn/ | num. 十一, 十一个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halloween\|halloween]] | /.hælәu'i:n/ | n. (基督教)万圣节前夕 | n. the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young p | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship.  Sex. ..You know what, I-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cave\|cave]] | /keiv/ | n. 洞, 穴 | n. a geological formation consisting of an underground enclosure with access fro | 1 | 12 | 12 | *I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight peop* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] | /ә:n/ | vt. 赚得, 获得, 博得 | v. acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions | 1 | 10 | 10 | *God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *Oh my God! (Rachel, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne all scream and hug each other.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Oh my God! (Rachel, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne all scream and hug each other.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] | /'bʌni/ | n. 兔子 | n. a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a | 1 | 32 | 17 | *Yes, Bunny?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Actually, nectarines, but basically...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Well, the biggest news is still you dumping Barry at the altar!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Well, the biggest news is still you dumping Barry at the altar!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] | /'tʃɒkәlit/ | n. 巧克力 | n. a food made from roasted ground cacao beans | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 1 | 52 | 24 | *Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] | /'kuki/ | n. 饼干, 小甜点 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) | 1 | 29 | 15 | *We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 1 | 118 | 49 | *They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 1 | 34 | 19 | *What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *...Jack from downstairs?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] | /.pɒsә'biliti/ | n. 可能性, 可能的事 | n. a future prospect or potential | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] | /'kændi/ | n. 糖果, 冰糖 | n. a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts | 1 | 57 | 23 | *It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dente* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 1 | 34 | 22 | *Was he wearing a stunning blue suit?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *And-and a power tie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] | /tәu/ | n. 足趾, 趾部, 脚趾 | n. one of the digits of the foot | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] | /næp/ | n. 小睡, 稍睡, 细毛, 孤注一掷 | n. a soft or fuzzy surface texture | 1 | 28 | 20 | *Oh. Maybe they're- napping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] | /'mædʒikәl/ | a. 魔术的, 有魔力的, 不可思议的 | s possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers | 1 | 13 | 11 | *Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicate]] | /'kɒmplikeit/ | vt. 弄复杂, 使错综, 使恶化 | v. make more complicated | 1 | 25 | 21 | *Look, it's just a little more complicated...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] | /.vedʒi'tєәriәn/ | n. 素食者, 食草动物 | n. eater of fruits and grains and nuts; someone who eats no meat or fish or (oft | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Oh, that's attractive.* |

### 低频词（87）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hockey\|hockey]] | /'hɒki/ | n. 冰球, 曲棍球 | n a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing tea | 6 | 10 | 5 | *Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#omnipotent\|omnipotent]] | /ɒm'nipәtәnt/ | a. 全能的, 无所不能的, 彻头彻尾的, 臭名昭著的 | s having unlimited power | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good thin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bean\|bean]] | /bi:n/ | n. 豆子 | n. any of various edible seeds of plants of the family Leguminosae used for food | 4 | 13 | 8 | *Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puck\|puck]] | /pʌk/ | n. 好恶作剧的小妖精, 淘气小孩, 冰球 | n. a mischievous sprite of English folklore | 4 | 5 | 2 | *Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twentieth\|twentieth]] | /'twentiiθ/ | num. 第二十, 二十分之一 | n. position 20 in a countable series of things | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peach\|peach]] | /pi:tʃ/ | n. 桃子, 桃树, 桃色, 美人儿, 极好的事物 | n. cultivated in temperate regions | 3 | 7 | 3 | *Peach pit.* |
| fica |  | abbr. （美国）联邦社会保险捐款法（Federal Insurance Contributions Act） | n. a tax on employees and employers that is used to fund the Social Security sys | 2 | 2 | 1 | *God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leetch\|leetch]] |  | [人名] 利奇 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *...Poulet passes it up to Leetch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#messier\|messier]] |  | n. (Messier)人名；(意)梅谢；(英)梅西尔；(法)梅西耶 | s dirty and disorderly | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pit\|pit]] | /pit/ | n. 深坑, 矿井, 果核, 地窖, 深渊, 绝境, 陷阱 | n. a sizeable hole (usually in the ground) | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Peach pit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twister\|twister]] | /'twistә/ | n. 缠绕者, 缠绕机, 不老实的人 | n a localized and violently destructive windstorm occurring over land characteri | 2 | 2 | 1 | *We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#visa\|visa]] | /'vi:zә/ | n. 签证 | n. an endorsement made in a passport that allows the bearer to enter the country | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] | /.ʌn'ju:ʒu:l/ | a. 不寻常的, 罕见的, 与众不同的 | a. not usual or common or ordinary | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Could you please tell me what this is in reference to?  Yes, hold on.  Um, they say there's been som* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfy]] | /'sætisfai/ | vt. 使满意, 满足, 符合, 使确信, 赔偿 | v. meet the requirements or expectations of | 2 | 7 | 6 | *It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lem\|lem]] | /lem/ | n. (Lem)人名；(俄、西、英)莱姆 | n a spacecraft that carries astronauts from the command module to the surface of | 2 | 8 | 5 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glow\|glow]] | /glәu/ | n. 赤热, 光辉, 热情, 热烈, 红光 | n. a feeling of considerable warmth | 2 | 6 | 3 | *I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jason\|jason]] |  | n. 詹森（男子名） | n. (Greek mythology) the husband of Medea and leader of the Argonauts who sailed | 2 | 15 | 6 | *Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunger\|hunger]] | /'hʌŋgә/ | n. 饥饿, 渴望, 饥荒 | n. a physiological need for food; the consequence of food deprivation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good thin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peaceful\|peaceful]] | /'pi:sful/ | a. 平静的, 和平的, 和平时期的, 爱好和平的, 喜爱安静的 | a. not disturbed by strife or turmoil or war | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insecure\|insecure]] | /.insi'kjuә/ | a. 不安全的, 不牢靠的, 不坚固的, 不稳定的 | a. not firm or firmly fixed; likely to fail or give way | 1 | 7 | 7 | *My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deaf\|deaf]] | /def/ | a. 聋的 | n. people who have severe hearing impairments | 1 | 7 | 6 | *My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] | /'kɒnstәntli/ | adv. 不变地, 不断地, 时常地 | r. without variation or change, in every case | 1 | 7 | 7 | *My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reassure\|reassure]] | /.ri:ә'ʃuә/ | vt. 使...安心, 向...再保证 | v. cause to feel sure; give reassurance to | 1 | 1 | 1 | *My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#consummate\|consummate]] | /'kɒnsәmeit/ | vt. 完成, 使完美 | v. fulfill sexually | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship.  Sex. ..You know what, I-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thumb\|thumb]] | /θʌm/ | n. 拇指 | n. the thick short innermost digit of the forelimb | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dairy\|dairy]] | /'dєәri/ | n. 牛奶公司, 乳品店, 乳牛场 | n. a farm where dairy products are produced | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wipe\|wipe]] | /waip/ | n. 擦拭, 用力打, 凸轮 | v. rub with a circular motion | 1 | 6 | 5 | *God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]] | /sti:m/ | n. 蒸汽, 精力 | n. water at boiling temperature diffused in the atmosphere | 1 | 11 | 8 | *God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was to* |
| leslie | /'lezli, 'lisli/ | n. 莱斯利（男子名） |  | 1 | 18 | 8 | *Oh my God! (Rachel, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne all scream and hug each other.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiki\|kiki]] |  | n. 林子萱（女艺人） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God! (Rachel, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne all scream and hug each other.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apron\|apron]] | /'eiprәn/ | n. 围裙 | n. a garment of cloth or leather or plastic that is tied about the waist and wor | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Look at you in the apron. You look like you're in a play.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duplex\|duplex]] | /'dju:pleks/ | a. 双的, 复式的, 双联的, 二重的, 二倍的 | v. change into a duplex | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know. I know! I'm a duplex.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elbow\|elbow]] | /'elbәu/ | n. 手肘, 弯头, 扶手 | n. hinge joint between the forearm and upper arm and the corresponding joint in  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Look, look, I have elbows!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poulet\|poulet]] |  | [人名] 波利特 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 1 | 1 | *...Poulet passes it up to Leetch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boot]] | /bu:t/ | n. 长靴, 踢, 解雇, 效用 | n. footwear that covers the whole foot and lower leg | 1 | 31 | 9 | *Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she neve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nectarine\|nectarine]] | /'nektәri:n/ | n. 蜜桃 | n. variety or mutation of the peach bearing fruit with smooth skin and (usually) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Actually, nectarines, but basically...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirt\|dirt]] | /dә:t/ | n. 污垢, 泥土 | n. the state of being covered with unclean things | 1 | 5 | 5 | *So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#altar\|altar]] | /'ɒ:ltә/ | n. 圣坛, 祭坛 | n. the table in Christian churches where communion is given | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, the biggest news is still you dumping Barry at the altar!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reality\|reality]] | /ri'æliti/ | n. 实在, 事实, 实体, 逼真 | n. the state of being actual or real | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Alright. Let's talk reality for a second.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vase\|vase]] | /veis/ | n. 花瓶, 瓶 | n. an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers | 1 | 7 | 3 | *Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rum\|rum]] | /rʌm/ | n. 朗姆酒 | n. liquor distilled from fermented molasses | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Weeeell, it's rum, and-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slumber\|slumber]] | /'slʌmbә/ | n. 睡眠, 麻木状态 | n. a dormant or quiescent state | 1 | 2 | 2 | *We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trashy\|trashy]] | /'træʃi/ | a. 碎屑的, 没用的, 垃圾似的 | s cheap and inferior; of no value | 1 | 1 | 1 | *We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dough\|dough]] | /dәu/ | n. 生面团 | n. a flour mixture stiff enough to knead or roll | 1 | 2 | 2 | *We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tweezer\|tweezer]] | /'twi:zә/ | vt. 用镊子钳 | n a hand tool for holding consisting of a compound lever for grasping | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#operate\|operate]] | /'ɒpәreit/ | v. 操作, 运转, 动手术, 活动 | v. direct or control; projects, businesses, etc. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prep\|prep]] | /prep/ | n. (英)(非正式)准备功课, 预备学校, 预料 | n preparatory school work done outside school (especially at home) | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pittsburgh\|pittsburgh]] | /'pitsbә:g/ | n. 匹兹堡 | n. a city in southwestern Pennsylvania where the confluence of the Allegheny Riv | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frost\|frost]] | /frɒst/ | n. 霜, 冰冻, 冷漠 | n. ice crystals forming a white deposit (especially on objects outside) | 1 | 5 | 3 | *No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#independence\|independence]] | /.indi'pendәns/ | n. 独立, 自立, 自主 | n. freedom from control or influence of another or others | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beanstalk\|beanstalk]] | /'bi:nstɒ:k/ | n. 豆茎 | n. stem of a bean plant | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, Jack and the Beanstalk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#orthodontist\|orthodontist]] | /,ɔ:θәj'dɔntist/ | n. 畸齿校整医生 | n. a dentist specializing in the prevention or correction of irregularities of t | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I * |
| floopy |  | [网络] 软驱；不顺心的；无精打采的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Floopy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toothless\|toothless]] | /'tu:θlis/ | a. 无齿的 | a. lacking teeth | 1 | 1 | 1 | *See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#predicament\|predicament]] | /pri'dikәmәnt/ | n. 处境, 穷境, 困局 | n. a situation from which extrication is difficult especially an unpleasant or t | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dent\|dent]] | /dent/ | n. 凹痕 | n. an appreciable consequence (especially a lessening) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dente* |
| heyy |  | [网络] 阳原；青年热线；何元媛 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, this-  Heyy...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crust\|crust]] | /krʌst/ | n. 外壳, 坚硬外皮, 面包皮 | n. the outer layer of the Earth | 1 | 5 | 4 | *No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mediterranean\|mediterranean]] | /.meditә'reiniәn/ | n. 地中海, 地中海民族 | n. the largest inland sea; between Europe and Africa and Asia | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curiously\|curiously]] | /'kjuәriәsli/ | adv. 好奇地 | r. in a manner differing from the usual or expected | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intelligent\|intelligent]] | /in'telidʒәnt/ | a. 聪明的, 智能的, 了解的 | a. having the capacity for thought and reason especially to a high degree | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stun\|stun]] | /stʌn/ | vt. 使昏迷, 使震惊, 打昏 | v. make senseless or dizzy by or as if by a blow | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Was he wearing a stunning blue suit?* |
| stephanopoulos |  | [网络] 普洛斯 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spy\|spy]] | /spai/ | n. 间谍, 侦探, 侦察 | n. (military) a secret agent hired by a state to obtain information about its en | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hello? Who are we spying on?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adviser\|adviser]] | /әd'vaizә/ | n. 顾问, 劝告者, 指导教师 | n. an expert who gives advice | 1 | 1 | 1 | *White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clinton\|clinton]] | /'klintәn/ | n. 克林顿（男子名） | n. wife of President Clinton and later a woman member of the United States Senat | 1 | 3 | 3 | *White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute bu* |
| dora | /'dɔ:rә/ | abbr. 运筹学与分析局（Directorate of Operational and Analysis） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shy\|shy]] | /ʃai/ | n. 惊跳, 惊避 | n. a quick throw | 1 | 8 | 7 | *I think he's shy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#preppy\|preppy]] |  | n. 预科生 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moonlight\|moonlight]] | /'mu:nlait/ | n. 月光 | n. the light of the Moon | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moon\|moon]] | /mu:n/ | n. 月亮, 月球, 月光 | n. the natural satellite of the Earth | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#painkiller\|painkiller]] | /'pein,kilә(r)/ | n. 解痛药, 止痛片, 止痛药 | n a medicine used to relieve pain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#louder\|louder]] |  | adv. 大声一点 | a characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelfth\|twelfth]] | /twelfθ/ | num. 第十二, 十二分之一 | n. position 12 in a countable series of things | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coma\|coma]] | /'kәumә/ | n. 昏迷, 麻木, 彗发 | n. a state of deep and often prolonged unconsciousness; usually the result of di | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you* |
| whoah |  | [网络] 哇；呜哇 |  | 1 | 11 | 6 | *Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pate\|pate]] | /peit/ | n. 头, 脑袋, 头脑 | n. liver or meat or fowl finely minced or ground and variously seasoned | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goose\|goose]] | /gu:s/ | n. 鹅, 雌鹅, 鹅肉, 弯把熨斗 | n. web-footed long-necked typically gregarious migratory aquatic birds usually l | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetable\|vegetable]] | /'vedʒәtәbl/ | n. 蔬菜, 植物, 无精打采之人 | n. edible seeds or roots or stems or leaves or bulbs or tubers or nonsweet fruit | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!* |
| hurley | /'hә:li/ | 赫尔利(姓氏) |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#valentine\|valentine]] | /'vælәntain/ | n. 情人, 情人节礼物 | n. a sweetheart chosen to receive a greeting on Saint Valentine's Day | 1 | 35 | 7 | *Okay, okay, okay, I got one!  Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really f* |
| tommy | /'tɒmi/ | n. 配给面包, 实物工资制 | n. Bread, -- generally a penny roll; the supply of food carried | 1 | 11 | 5 | *Okay, okay, okay, I got one!  Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rollerson\|rollerson]] |  | [人名] 罗勒森 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, okay, okay, I got one!  Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#locker\|locker]] | /'lɒkә/ | n. 抽屉, 小柜, 上锁人 | n. a fastener that locks or closes | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay, okay, okay, I got one!  Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seventh\|seventh]] | /'sevnθ/ | num. 第七, 七分之一 | n. position seven in a countable series of things | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silence\|silence]] | /'sailәns/ | n. 沉默, 无声, 静寂, 湮没, 无声息 | n. the state of being silent (as when no one is speaking) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamb\|lamb]] | /læm/ | n. 小羊, 羔羊 | n. young sheep | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, y* |
