---
season: 1
episode: "21"
title: "The One With The Fake Monica"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E21 — The One With The Fake Monica

*Written by: Adam Chase and Ira Ungerleider*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is looking at papers.

**Joey:** How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?

**Monica:** I have no idea. But look how much they spent!

**Rachel:** Monica, would you [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.

**Monica:** I know. It's just such [[Friends-词汇总表#reckless\|reckless]] spending.

**Ross:** I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown [[Friends-词汇总表#caution\|caution]] to the wind.

**Chandler:** Wow, what a [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]]. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.

**Monica:** That's me.

**Phoebe:** Oh! The [[Friends-词汇总表#yuk\|yuk]]! Ross, he's doing it again! *(Points to a lamp which is shaking behind the sofa)*

**Ross:** Marcel, stop [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|humping]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back-

*(Marcel runs toward Rachel's room) come here, Marcel-*

**Rachel:** Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.

**Monica:** Ross, you've got to do something about the [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|humping]].

**Ross:** What? It's, it's just a phase.

**Chandler:** Well, that's what we said about Joey...

**Ross:** Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.

**Rachel:** *(Out of shot)* Stop it! Marcel! Bad [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]!

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** Let's just say my Curious George [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] is no longer [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]].


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, late at night Monica is still examining her bill as Rachel emerges from her room.

**Rachel:** Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.

**Monica:** This woman's living my life.

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#intimidate\|intimidated]] by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.

**Rachel:** You're not an artist.

**Monica:** Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.

**Rachel:** Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.

**Monica:** Oh really? Okay, let's compare, shall we.

**Rachel:** *(Yawning)* Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...

**Monica:** Do I go [[Friends-词汇总表#horseback\|horseback]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|riding]] in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?

**Rachel:** *(Yawning)* Nooo...

**Monica:** This is so [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]]! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Chandler are discussing stage names.

**Chandler:** How about Joey... Pepponi?

**Joey:** No, still too [[Friends-词汇总表#ethnic\|ethnic]]. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more [[Friends-词汇总表#neutral\|neutral]].

**Chandler:** Joey... Switzerland?

*(The waitress brings their coffee.)*

**Joey:** Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. *(Waitress looks at him funny)* Which I'm not.

**Chandler:** Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?

**Joey:** Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]].

**Chandler:** Well, it does not ring a [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] with me...

**Joey:** *(Writes it down)* Joe Stalin. Y'know, that's pretty good.

**Chandler:** Might wanna try Joseph.

*(Joey visibly thinks 'Of course!' and writes it down.)*

**Joey:** Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that!

**Chandler:** Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is there as Phoebe and Rachel enter.

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Monica:** Hi. *(On the phone)* Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.

**Phoebe:** What are you doing?

**Monica:** *(Hushes her)* Alright, great. Thanks a lot. *(Hangs up)* I'm going to [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] class.

**Rachel:** What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?

**Monica:** This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.

**Rachel:** Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird [[Friends-词汇总表#obsession\|obsession]] thing.

**Phoebe:** This is [[Friends-词汇总表#madness\|madness]]. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.


> [!scene] Scene: A Tap Class, the girls are standing at the door.

**Monica:** What d'you think?

**Phoebe:** Lotsa things.

*(They go in and sit down.)*

**Rachel:** Which one do you think she is?

*(The teacher comes up to them.)*

**Teacher:** May I help you?

**Monica:** Oh, no thanks, we're just here to [[Friends-词汇总表#observe\|observe]].

**Teacher:** You don't [[Friends-词汇总表#observe\|observe]] a dance class. You dance a dance class. Spare [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] are over there.

**Rachel:** What does she mean?

**Phoebe:** I think she means *(Imitates)* 'You dance a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon. *(They put on some spare shoes)*

**Monica:** Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?

**Teacher:** *(To the class)* People! Last time there were some [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#yoghurt\|yoghurt]] [[Friends-词汇总表#container\|containers]] lying around after class. Let's not have that happen again!

**Rachel:** She could be you.

*(Music starts)*

**Teacher:** Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight...

*(Everyone starts to dance in unison. Monica flounders)*

**Monica:** Okay, I'm not getting this!

**Phoebe:** *(Dancing in a swirly, Phoebe kind of way)* I'm totally getting it!

**Monica:** Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievably\|unbelievably]] [[Friends-词汇总表#uncoordinated\|uncoordinated]]?

*(Rachel taps into view; she is in perfect sync with the rest of the class)*

**Rachel:** What? You just click when they click.

**Teacher:** Alright people, now everyone grab a partner.

*(The girls are unsure how to pair off. Phoebe settles it)*

**Phoebe:** Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.

**Monica:** Great. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] class all over again. Phoebe and Rachel: Aww.

**Teacher:** Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.

**Monica:** Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]].

*(She starts to walk very slowly toward the front of the room. The teacher grabs her hand and pulls her. Suddenly a woman bursts in)*

**Woman:** It's okay, it's okay, I'm here, I'm here. Sorry I'm late, okay, here I am. Who's the new [[Friends-词汇总表#tense\|tense]] girl?

**Teacher:** She's your partner.

**Woman:** Hi. I'm Monica.

**Monica:** Oh. Monica! ...Hi. I'm Mo- ...nana.

**Woman:** *(Fake Monica)* Monana?

**Monica:** Yeah. It's Dutch.

**Fake Monica:** You're kidding! I-I spent three years in Amsterdam. *(Asks her something in Dutch)*

**Monica:** Um, Pennsylvania Dutch.

**Teacher:** And we're dancing. A-five, six, seven, eight...


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is entering.

**Ross:** *(Mortified)* Hi. Chandler and Joey: Hey.

**Joey:** Where've you been?

**Ross:** At the [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]].

**Chandler:** She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic [[Friends-词汇总表#con\|cones]], is she?

**Ross:** She says Marcel's [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|humping]] thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual [[Friends-词汇总表#maturity\|maturity]].

**Joey:** *(To Chandler)* Hey! He [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] ya.

**Ross:** She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and [[Friends-词汇总表#violent\|violent]].

**Chandler:** So what does this mean?

**Ross:** I'm gonna have to give him up.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, scene continued from earlier.  They guys are sitting there like the Three Monkeys.

**Joey:** I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!

**Chandler:** I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?

**Ross:** I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]].

**Joey:** Isn't there any way you can keep him?

**Ross:** No, no. The [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]] says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lovin\|lovin]],' he's just gonna get [[Friends-词汇总表#vicious\|vicious]]. I've just gotta get him into a [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]].

**Joey:** How do you get a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] into a [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]]?

**Chandler:** I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.

**Ross:** Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] state [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoos]], y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a [[Friends-词汇总表#pipe\|pipe]] dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]], uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]].

*(Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel enters.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey. We found her, we found the girl.

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** Did you call the [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cops]]?

**Rachel:** Nope. We took her to [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Chandler:** Ah. Your own brand of [[Friends-词汇总表#vigilante\|vigilante]] justice.

**Ross:** What?! Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a [[Friends-词汇总表#stealer\|stealer]].

**Monica:** Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this [[Friends-词汇总表#astound\|astounding]] person, with this, with this amazing spirit.

**Ross:** Yeah, which she probably stole from some [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]].

**Chandler:** ...Take off their hats!

**Phoebe:** Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel and Fake Monica are there.

**Rachel:** No way. No way did you do this.

**Fake Monica:** Monana was very brave.

**Monica:** It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six [[Friends-词汇总表#fifteen\|fifteen]]. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] floor!

**Fake Monica:** So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...

**Monica:** ...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!

**Rachel:** Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go [[Friends-词汇总表#pour\|pour]] coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up. *(Exits)*

**Fake Monica:** Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.

**Monica:** 'Scuse me?

**Fake Monica:** There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?

**Monica:** Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] class.

**Fake Monica:** Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.

**Monica:** What?

**Fake Monica:** Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?

**Monica:** Right. Till I bought a blow [[Friends-词汇总表#dryer\|dryer]], then I was [[Friends-词汇总表#shun\|shunned]].

**Fake Monica:** I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?

**Monica:** Uh-huh.

**Fake Monica:** I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.

**Monica:** Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, tiem lapse.  Everyone but Joey and Monica are there.

**Ross:** *(Reading letters)* Oh God. *(To Marcel)* We didn't get into Scranton. *(To the others)* That was like our safety [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]]. They take like dogs and [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cows]]. See? I don't know who this is [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] on, me or him.

**Phoebe:** I'd say that chair's taking the [[Friends-词汇总表#brunt\|brunt]].

**Ross:** Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?

**Rachel:** Oh, somebody will.

**Joey:** *(entering)* You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?

**Chandler:** You're kidding.

**Joey:** Apparently he was this Russian [[Friends-词汇总表#dictator\|dictator]] who [[Friends-词汇总表#slaughter\|slaughtered]] all these people. You'd think you would've known that!

**Chandler:** Y'know, you'd think I would've.

**Joey:** Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?

**Phoebe:** ...Flame Boy.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is talking to Dr. Baldhara, a zookeeper.

**Ross:** Where exactly is your [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]]? Dr. Baldhara: Well, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive [[Friends-词汇总表#wildlife\|wildlife]] experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?

**Ross:** Yes. Dr. Baldhara: Does he, uh, fight with other animals?

**Ross:** No-no, he's, he's very [[Friends-词汇总表#docile\|docile]]. Dr. Baldhara: Even if he were... cornered?

**Ross:** Well I, I don't know. Why? Dr. Baldhara: Uh, how is he at handling small objects?

**Ross:** He can hold a [[Friends-词汇总表#banana\|banana]], if that's [[Friends-词汇总表#whatcha\|whatcha]] mean... Dr. Baldhara: How about a [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]], or a small [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blade]]?

**Ross:** Why- why- why would he need a [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blade]]? Dr. Baldhara: Well, if he's up against a [[Friends-词汇总表#jungle\|jungle]] cat or an animal with [[Friends-词汇总表#horn\|horns]], you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just [[Friends-词汇总表#cruel\|cruel]].

*(Chandler and Joey burst in, with Marcel) Chandler and Joey: He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.*

**Joey:** We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...

**Chandler:** ...He's in.

**Ross:** He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! Dr. Baldhara: You're making a big [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]] and give you [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] percent of the gains.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is dusting. She comes to the table, lifts all the magazines and wipes under them, then just puts them down again. Monica bursts in, obviously drunk.

**Monica:** Yo- hooo!

**Rachel:** Where the hell've you been?

**Monica:** Monica and I just [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crashed]] an [[Friends-词汇总表#embassy\|embassy]] party.

**Rachel:** Are you drunk?!

**Monica:** Noooo! *(Comes closer and whispers)* I'm lying. I am so drunk.

**Rachel:** Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried...

*(Monica is drinking from the tap)*

**Rachel:** Monica? Monica!

**Monica:** Water rules!

**Rachel:** Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?

**Monica:** Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.

**Rachel:** Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!

**Monica:** No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to [[Friends-词汇总表#fluff\|fluff]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillows]] and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!

*(The phone rings and Rachel answers)*

**Rachel:** Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.

**Monica:** Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** They've [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrested]] Monica.


> [!scene] Scene: New York City Department of Correction, Monica is visiting Fake Monica.

**Monica:** Hi.

**Fake Monica:** Hey.

**Monica:** How are you?

**Fake Monica:** I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here?

**Monica:** Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.

**Fake Monica:** That I was not expecting.

**Monica:** I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.

**Fake Monica:** Oh. Thanks.

**Monica:** No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater!

**Fake Monica:** Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.

**Monica:** I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crash]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#embassy\|embassy]] parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?

**Fake Monica:** Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?

**Monica:** Well, not... worried, just... wondering.

**Fake Monica:** There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.

**Monica:** Not [[Friends-词汇总表#necessarily\|necessarily]]...

**Fake Monica:** Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.

**Monica:** Um, I'm not actually Amish.

**Fake Monica:** Really? Then why are you like that?


> [!scene] Scene: Tap Class, Monica is standing by the door.

**Teacher:** You by the door. In or out?

**Monica:** In. *(She joins in the dancing. She still flounders)*

**Teacher:** You in the back, you're getting it all wrong!

**Monica:** Yeah, but at least I'm doing it!


> [!scene] Scene: The Airport, everyone but Monica is there to see off Marcel.

**Pa:** This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at [[Friends-词汇总表#gate\|gate]] 42A.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Good-bye, little [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] guy. Alright, I wrote you this [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]]. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]].

**Ross:** Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Oh!

**Chandler:** Okay, bye, [[Friends-词汇总表#champ\|champ]]. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babes]] in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.

**Joey:** I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]].

**Ross:** Just, just say what you feel.

**Joey:** Marcel, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]].

**Ross:** That was good.

**Rachel:** *(Brings Marcel a teddy bear)* Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]].

**Ross:** Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.

**All:** Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely. *(They just stand there, then realise what he means and go to the other end of the room)*

**Ross:** Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. *(He sits down and Marcel jumps down and sits beside him)* Well buddy, this is it. There's just a [[Friends-词汇总表#coupla\|coupla]] things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- *(Marcel climbs down and starts humping his leg)* Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] alone? Could you just stop [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|humping]] me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.

*(Marcel is put in a cage and taken away.)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: A Theater, there is a casting session going on for a play.

**Actor:** *(Very melodramatically, and very badly)* Oh, that I were a [[Friends-词汇总表#glove\|glove]] upon that hand, that I might... touch [[Friends-词汇总表#thy\|thy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]]... Casting Director No. 1: That's fine, thank you. Casting Director No. 2: Next. *(Joey walks onstage)*

**Joey:** Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio. Casting Director No. 2: Name?

**Joey:** Holden McGroin.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（33）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 4 | 71 | 58 | *What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 3 | 115 | 97 | *I have no idea. But look how much they spent!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 2 | 156 | 115 | *I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 2 | 81 | 53 | *She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for pl* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 2 | 376 | 86 | *Hi.  Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 2 | 99 | 84 | *Hi.  Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 2 | 109 | 81 | *People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 2 | 66 | 56 | *She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Are you drunk?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for pl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *I'm totally getting it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Alright people, now everyone grab a partner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *...Take off their hats!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for peop* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *You're kidding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Where exactly is your zoo? Dr. Baldhara: Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Yes. Dr. Baldhara: Does he, uh, fight with other animals?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Where the hell've you been?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely.* |

### 常用词（42）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marcel\|marcel]] | /mɑ:'sel/ | n. 波浪形鬈发 | n. a hairdo characterized by deep regular waves that are made by a heated curlin | 14 | 84 | 10 | *Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] | /'mʌŋki/ | n. 猴子, 猿, 打桩锤 | n. any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians) | 5 | 86 | 23 | *Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!* |
| dunno | /dʌ'nәj/ | v. <口>(我)不知道 |  | 2 | 29 | 16 | *Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big.  Wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] | /'tæp/ | n. 轻打, 水龙头 | n. a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dan | 2 | 20 | 16 | *Alright, great. Thanks a lot.  I'm going to tap class.* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 2 | 62 | 45 | *Great. It's gym class all over again. Phoebe and Rachel: Aww.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 2 | 58 | 39 | *I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 2 | 67 | 27 | *Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 1 | 23 | 13 | *Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] | /dɒl/ | n. 洋娃娃, 无头脑的美丽女人 | n. a small replica of a person; used as a toy | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 1 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]] | /.ʌn'fєә/ | a. 不公平的, 不正直的, 不正当的 | a. not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception | 1 | 18 | 16 | *This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Well, it does not ring a bell with me...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]] | /ru:f/ | n. 屋顶, 室顶 | n. a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building | 1 | 18 | 12 | *Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] | /dʒim/ | n. +体育馆, 体育训练, 体育课, 体操 | n athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training | 1 | 33 | 23 | *Great. It's gym class all over again. Phoebe and Rachel: Aww.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]] | /'naitmєә/ | n. 梦魇, 恶梦, 可怕的事物(或情景、人物) | n. a situation resembling a terrifying dream | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Hey! He beat ya.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state z* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] | /.pɒsә'biliti/ | n. 可能性, 可能的事 | n. a future prospect or potential | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state z* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] | /kɒp/ | n. 警官 | n uncomplimentary terms for a policeman | 1 | 20 | 13 | *Did you call the cops?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Nope. We took her to lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifteen\|fifteen]] | /'fif'ti:n/ | num. 十五, 十五个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of fourteen and one | 1 | 13 | 10 | *It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] | /siksθ/ | num. 第六, 六分之一 | n. position six in a countable series of things | 1 | 15 | 12 | *It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] | /til/ | prep. 直到, 在...以前, 迄 | n. unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay and grave | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]] | /kau/ | n. 母牛, 母兽 | n. female of domestic cattle: "`moo-cow' is a child's term" | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Oh God.  We didn't get into Scranton.  That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. S* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Oh God.  We didn't get into Scranton.  That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. S* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Where exactly is your zoo? Dr. Baldhara: Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] | /'hæmә/ | n. 锤, 铁锤, 钉锤 | n. the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pul | 1 | 14 | 12 | *He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean... Dr. Baldhara: How about a hammer, or a small blade?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! Dr. Baldhara: You're making a big mist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! Dr. Baldhara: You're making a big mist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! Dr. Baldhara: You're making a big mist* |
| noooo |  | [网络] 豪炎寺甚至是麦克鸡；好机会；不要长大好了 |  | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Noooo!  I'm lying. I am so drunk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 60 | 37 | *Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] | /beib/ | n. 小孩, 天真幼稚的人 | n a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's al* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Marcel, I'm hungry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] | /tʃi:k/ | n. 颊, 厚颜, 脸蛋 | n. either side of the face below the eyes | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek... Casting Director No. 1: T* |

### 低频词（81）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stalin\|stalin]] | /'stɑ:lin/ | n. 斯大林（前苏联领导人） | n. Russian leader who succeeded Lenin as head of the Communist Party and created | 8 | 8 | 1 | *Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] | /zu:/ | n. 动物园 | n the facility where wild animals are housed for exhibition | 6 | 22 | 9 | *No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|hump]] | /hʌmp/ | n. 驼背, 圆形隆起物, 鸵峰 | n something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings | 5 | 12 | 7 | *Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joseph\|joseph]] | /'dʒәuzif/ | n. 约瑟夫（男子名）；约瑟（圣经中雅各的第十一子） | n. leader of the Nez Perce in their retreat from United States troops (1840-1904 | 5 | 27 | 9 | *Might wanna try Joseph.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]] | /vet/ | n. 兽医 | v. work as a veterinarian | 3 | 10 | 8 | *At the vet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]] | /'kjuәriәs/ | a. 好奇的, 求知的, 古怪的 | s. beyond or deviating from the usual or expected | 2 | 12 | 8 | *Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#madness\|madness]] | /'mædnis/ | n. 疯狂, 愚蠢的行为 | n. unrestrained excitement or enthusiasm | 2 | 4 | 3 | *This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#observe\|observe]] | /әb'zә:v/ | vt. 觉察到, 遵守, 注意到, 庆祝 | v. watch attentively | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dutch\|dutch]] | /dʌtʃ/ | n. 荷兰人, 荷兰语 | n. the people of the Netherlands | 2 | 13 | 4 | *Yeah. It's Dutch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pope\|pope]] | /pәup/ | n. 罗马教皇, 主教 | n. the head of the Roman Catholic Church | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#volkswagen\|volkswagen]] | /'fɔ:lks,vɑ:^әn/ | n. 大众汽车（财富500强公司之一） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blade]] | /bleid/ | n. 叶片, 刀锋, 刀口, 剑 | n. especially a leaf of grass or the broad portion of a leaf as distinct from th | 2 | 8 | 6 | *He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean... Dr. Baldhara: How about a hammer, or a small blade?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embassy\|embassy]] | /'embәsi/ | n. 大使馆, 大使馆全体人员 | n. a diplomatic building where ambassadors live or work | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circus\|circus]] | /'sә:kәs/ | n. 马戏团, 马戏, 竞技场 | n. a travelling company of entertainers; including trained animals | 2 | 8 | 5 | *Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reckless\|reckless]] | /'reklis/ | a. 不介意的, 大意的, 鲁莽的, 不顾后果的 | s marked by defiant disregard for danger or consequences | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I know. It's just such reckless spending.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caution\|caution]] | /'kɒ:ʃәn/ | n. 小心, 慎重, 警示 | n. the trait of being cautious; being attentive to possible danger | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]] | /gi:k/ | n. 做低级滑稽表演的人 | n. a carnival performer who does disgusting acts | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mop\|mop]] | /mɒp/ | n. 拖把, 鬼脸 | n cleaning implement consisting of absorbent material fastened to a handle; for  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yuk\|yuk]] | /jʌk/ | n. 引起大笑的趣事；[俚]（因有趣而发出的）咯咯大笑 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intimidate\|intimidate]] | /in'timideit/ | vt. 威胁, 恐吓 | v. make timid or fearful | 1 | 8 | 8 | *She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for pl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horseback\|horseback]] | /'hɒ:sbæk/ | n. 马背 | n. the back of a horse | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ethnic\|ethnic]] | /'eθnik/ | a. 人种的, 种族的 | n. a person who is a member of an ethnic group | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neutral\|neutral]] | /'nju:trәl/ | n. 中立者, 中立国, 非彩色, 空档 | n. one who does not side with any party in a war or dispute | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#switzerland\|switzerland]] | /'switsәlәnd/ | n. 瑞士 | n. a landlocked federal republic in central Europe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Joey... Switzerland?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birdie\|birdie]] | /'bә:di/ | n. 小鸟 | n. (golf) a score of one stroke under par on a hole | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fiddler\|fiddler]] | /'fidlә/ | n. 拉提琴的人, 游荡者, 骗子 | n a musician who plays the violin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsession\|obsession]] | /әb'seʃәn/ | n. 困扰, 困扰人的情绪 | n. an unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with something or someone | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lotsa\|lotsa]] | /'lɔtsә/ | <口>很多,许多(=lots of) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Lotsa things.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] | /spєә/ | n. 剩余, 备用品, 备件, 备用零件, 备用轮胎 | n. a score in tenpins; knocking down all ten after rolling two balls | 1 | 10 | 8 | *You don't observe a dance class. You dance a dance class. Spare shoes are over there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yoghurt\|yoghurt]] | /'jәugә:t/ | n. 酸乳, 酸奶 | n a custard-like food made from curdled milk | 1 | 2 | 2 | *People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#container\|container]] | /kәn'teinә/ | n. 容器, 集装箱 | n. any object that can be used to hold things (especially a large metal boxlike  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievably\|unbelievably]] | /ˌʌnbɪˈli:vəblɪ/ | adv. 难以置信地, 不可信地 | r. in an unbelievable manner | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncoordinated\|uncoordinated]] | /'ʌnkәu'ɔ:dineitid/ | [化] 不协调 | s. lacking in cooperative planning and organization | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tense\|tense]] | /tens/ | a. 紧张的, 拉紧的 | n. a grammatical category of verbs used to express distinctions of time | 1 | 6 | 5 | *It's okay, it's okay, I'm here, I'm here. Sorry I'm late, okay, here I am. Who's the new tense girl?* |
| nana | /'nɑ:nɑ:/ | 北美报业联盟 |  | 1 | 20 | 8 | *Oh. Monica! ...Hi. I'm Mo- ...nana.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#con\|con]] | /kɒn/ | vt. 精读, 仔细研究, 默记 | n. an argument opposed to a proposal | 1 | 6 | 3 | *She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maturity\|maturity]] | /mә'tjuәriti/ | n. 成熟, 完备, 到期 | n. state of being mature; full development | 1 | 2 | 2 | *She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.* |
| agressive |  | [网络] 侵略性好斗的；攻击行；有点刺人 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violent\|violent]] | /'vaiәlәnt/ | a. 暴力的, 猛烈的, 激烈的, 极端的, 凶暴的 | a. acting with or marked by or resulting from great force or energy or emotional | 1 | 4 | 4 | *She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovin\|lovin]] |  | n. (Lovin)人名；(法)洛万；(罗)洛温 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vicious\|vicious]] | /'viʃәs/ | a. 邪恶的, 堕落的, 品性不端的, 恶毒的, 恶性的, 有错误的 | s (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#naturally\|naturally]] | /'nætʃәrәli/ | adv. 自然地, 以自然力, 天生地 | r. as might be expected | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state z* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pipe\|pipe]] | /paip/ | n. 管, 导管, 输送管, 管状器官, 声带, 尖细的声音, 烟斗, 笛, 管乐器 | n. a tube with a small bowl at one end; used for smoking tobacco | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state z* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miami\|miami]] | /mai'æmi/ | n. 迈阿密 | n. a member of the extinct Algonquian people formerly living in northern Indiana | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state z* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vigilante\|vigilante]] | /.vidʒi'lænti/ | n. 警戒会会员 | n. member of a vigilance committee | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stealer\|stealer]] |  | n. 偷取者, 偷干者, 僭据者 | n a criminal who takes property belonging to someone else with the intention of  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#astound\|astound]] | /ә'staund/ | vt. 使惊骇, 使大惊 | v affect with wonder | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] | /'tʃiәli:dә/ | n. 啦啦队长 | n. an enthusiastic and vocal supporter | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celtic\|celtic]] | /'keltik; 'seltik/ | a. 凯尔特族的, 凯尔特语的 | n. a branch of the Indo-European languages that (judging from inscriptions and p | 1 | 4 | 2 | *It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pour\|pour]] | /pɒ:/ | n. 流出, 倾泻, 骤雨 | v. cause to run | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for peop* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dryer\|dryer]] | /'draiә/ | n. 干衣机, 干燥剂 | n. an appliance that removes moisture | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shun\|shun]] | /ʃʌn/ | vt. 避开, 规避, 避免 | v. avoid and stay away from deliberately; stay clear of | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.* |
| doubtfire |  | [网络] 肥妈先生；火星叔叔马丁；道菲尔太太 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scranton\|scranton]] | /'skræntәn/ | n. 斯克兰顿（美国宾夕法尼亚州东北部城市） | n. an industrial city of northeastern Pennsylvania | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh God.  We didn't get into Scranton.  That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. S* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brunt\|brunt]] | /brʌnt/ | n. 主要冲力, 冲击 | n. main force of a blow etc | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dictator\|dictator]] | /'dikteitә/ | n. 命令者, 独裁者 | n. a speaker who dictates to a secretary or a recording machine | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slaughter\|slaughter]] | /'slɒ:tә/ | n. 残杀, 屠杀, 杀戮 | n. the killing of animals (as for food) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flame\|flame]] | /fleim/ | n. 火焰, 火舌, 热情, 光辉 | v. be in flames or aflame | 1 | 8 | 8 | *...Flame Boy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wildlife\|wildlife]] | /'waildlaif/ | n. 野生动植物 | n. all living things (except people) that are undomesticated | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Where exactly is your zoo? Dr. Baldhara: Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#docile\|docile]] | /'dәusail/ | a. 容易教的, 温顺的 | a. willing to be taught or led or supervised or directed | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no, he's, he's very docile. Dr. Baldhara: Even if he were... cornered?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#banana\|banana]] | /bә'nɑ:nә/ | n. 香蕉 | n. any of several tropical and subtropical treelike herbs of the genus Musa havi | 1 | 13 | 6 | *He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean... Dr. Baldhara: How about a hammer, or a small blade?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatcha\|whatcha]] | /'hwɔttʃə; 'hwʌ-/ | = what do you；=what have you |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean... Dr. Baldhara: How about a hammer, or a small blade?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jungle\|jungle]] | /'dʒʌŋgl/ | n. 丛林, 杂乱的一堆, 弱肉强食的地方 | n. a location marked by an intense competition and struggle for survival | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Why- why- why would he need a blade? Dr. Baldhara: Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an anima* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horn\|horn]] | /hɒ:n/ | n. 角, 角质, 喇叭, 号角 | n. a noisemaker (as at parties or games) that makes a loud noise when you blow t | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Why- why- why would he need a blade? Dr. Baldhara: Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an anima* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cruel\|cruel]] | /'kru:әl/ | a. 残酷的, 令人极痛苦的 | s (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Why- why- why would he need a blade? Dr. Baldhara: Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an anima* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]] | /'ræbit/ | n. 兔子 | n. any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and | 1 | 13 | 8 | *He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! Dr. Baldhara: You're making a big mist* |
| hooo |  | [网络] 沫沫；开开；从 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yo- hooo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crash]] | /kræʃ/ | n. 哗啦声, 猛撞, 崩溃, 粗布 | n. a serious accident (usually involving one or more vehicles) | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fluff\|fluff]] | /flʌf/ | n. 软毛, 柔毛, 绒毛, 错误, 无价值的东西 | n. any light downy material | 1 | 4 | 3 | *No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrest]] | /ә'rest/ | n. 逮捕, 监禁 | n. the state of inactivity following an interruption | 1 | 8 | 7 | *They've arrested Monica.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]] | /'θiәtә/ | n. 戏院, 电影院, 剧场, 全体观众, 戏剧, 戏剧效果, 阶梯式讲堂, 场所 | n. a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be prese | 1 | 9 | 9 | *No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#necessarily\|necessarily]] | /'nesisәrili/ | adv. 必然地, 必须地, 必要地 | r. in an essential manner | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Not necessarily...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amish\|amish]] | /'ɑ:miʃ/ | n. 孟诺教派；孟诺教派之教徒 | n. an American follower of the Mennonite religion | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Um, I'm not actually Amish.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gate\|gate]] | /geit/ | n. 门, 牌楼, 大门, 通道, 闸 | n. a movable barrier in a fence or wall | 1 | 15 | 7 | *This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] | /'pәuim/ | n. 诗, 诗般美的事物 | n. a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines | 1 | 17 | 8 | *Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champ\|champ]] | /tʃæmp/ | v. 大声地嚼, 格格地咬 | v. chafe at the bit, like horses | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's al* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coupla\|coupla]] | /'kʌplә/ | <口>两个, 两三个,几个(=couple of) |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Marcel, c'mere, c'mere.  Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm rea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glove\|glove]] | /glʌv/ | n. 手套 | n. handwear: covers the hand and wrist | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek... Casting Director No. 1: T* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thy\|thy]] | /ðai/ | pron. 你的 | pron. Of thee, or belonging to thee; the more common form of | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek... Casting Director No. 1: T* |
| mercutio |  | [网络] 西奥；迈丘西奥；茂丘西奥 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio. Casting Director No. 2: Name?* |
| holden | /'hәuldәn/ | v. 留下；抱住；拿住（hold的过去分词） | of Hold | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Holden McGroin.* |
