---
season: 1
episode: "01"
title: "The One Where Monica Gets a New Roomate (The Pilot-The Uncut Version)"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E01 — The One Where Monica Gets a New Roomate (The Pilot-The Uncut Version)

*Written by: Marta Kauffman & David Crane*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, Phoebe, and Monica are there.

**Monica:** There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!

**Joey:** C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!

**Chandler:** All right Joey, be nice.  So does he have a [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|hump]]? A hump and a [[Friends-词汇总表#hairpiece\|hairpiece]]?

**Phoebe:** Wait, does he eat [[Friends-词汇总表#chalk\|chalk]]?

*(They all stare, bemused.)*

**Phoebe:** Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!

**Monica:** Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.

**Chandler:** Sounds like a date to me.


> [!scene] Time Lapse

**Chandler:** Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the [[Friends-词汇总表#cafeteria\|cafeteria]], and I realize I am totally naked.

**All:** Oh, yeah. Had that dream.

**Chandler:** Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.

**Joey:** Instead of...?

**Chandler:** That's right.

**Joey:** Never had that dream.

**Phoebe:** No.

**Chandler:** All of a [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]], the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.

**Monica:** And they weren't looking at you before?!

**Chandler:** Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!


> [!scene] Time Lapse, Ross has entered.

**Ross:** *(mortified)* Hi.

**Joey:** This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.

**Monica:** Are you okay, sweetie?

**Ross:** I just feel like someone reached down my [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]], grabbed my small [[Friends-词汇总表#intestine\|intestine]], pulled it out of my [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tied]] it around my [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]]...

**Chandler:** Cookie?

**Monica:** *(explaining to the others)* Carol moved her stuff out today.

**Joey:** Ohh.

**Monica:** *(to Ross)* Let me get you some coffee.

**Ross:** Thanks.

**Phoebe:** Ooh! Oh! *(She starts to pluck at the air just in front of Ross.)*

**Ross:** No, no don't! Stop [[Friends-词汇总表#cleanse\|cleansing]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#aura\|aura]]! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?

**Phoebe:** Fine!  Be [[Friends-词汇总表#murky\|murky]]!

**Ross:** I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.

**Monica:** No you don't.

**Ross:** No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!

**Joey:** And you never knew she was a lesbian...

**Ross:** No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep [[Friends-词汇总表#fixate\|fixating]] on that? She didn't know, how should I know?

**Chandler:** Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... *(They all stare at him.)* Did I say that out [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]?

**Ross:** I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.

**Monica:** Oh really, so that [[Friends-词汇总表#hysterical\|hysterical]] phone call I got from a woman at [[Friends-词汇总表#sob\|sobbing]] 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have [[Friends-词汇总表#grandchild\|grandchildren]], I'll never have grandchildren." was what?  A wrong number?

**Ross:** Sorry.

**Joey:** Alright Ross, look. You're [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] a lot of pain right now. You're [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]]. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?

*(Ross gestures his consent.)*

**Joey:** Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some [[Friends-词汇总表#hormone\|hormones]]!

**Ross:** I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!

*(Rachel enters in a wet wedding dress and starts to search the room.)*

**Chandler:** And I just want a million dollars! *(He extends his hand hopefully.)*

**Monica:** Rachel?!

**Rachel:** Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] said you might be here and you are, you are!

**Waitress:** Can I get you some coffee?

**Monica:** *(pointing at Rachel)* De-caff. *(to All)* Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High [[Friends-词汇总表#survivor\|survivor]]. *(to Rachel)* This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?

**Rachel:** Hi, sure!

**Ross:** Hi.

*(They go to hug but Ross's umbrella opens.  He sits back down defeated again.  A moment of silence follows as Rachel sits and the others expect her to explain.)*

**Monica:** So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bridesmaid\|bridesmaids]]?

**Rachel:** Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this [[Friends-词汇总表#gravy\|gravy]] boat. This really [[Friends-词汇总表#gorgeous\|gorgeous]] Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]]-

*(to the waitress that brought her coffee)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.*

**Monica:** Who wasn't invited to the wedding.

**Rachel:** Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue... [Scene: Monica's Apartment, everyone is there and watching a Spanish Soap on TV and are trying to figure out what is going on.]

**Monica:** Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big [[Friends-词汇总表#pipe\|pipe]] [[Friends-词汇总表#organ\|organ]], and she's really not happy about it.

**Chandler:** *(imitating the characters)* Tuna or [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]]?  Decide!

**Ross:** *(in a deep voice)* I'll have whatever Christine is having.

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!

*(The scene on TV has changed to show two women, one is holding her hair.)*

**Phoebe:** If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off.

**Chandler:** *(re TV)* Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.

**Joey:** I say [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] her down the [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]]. Phoebe, Ross, Chandler, and Joey: Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!

*(She is pushed down the stairs and everyone cheers.)*

**Rachel:** C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]]! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]], y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#metaphor\|metaphor]], Daddy!

**Ross:** You can see where he'd have [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]].

**Rachel:** Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.

**Monica:** Well, I guess we've [[Friends-词汇总表#establish\|established]] who's staying here with Monica...

**Rachel:** Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!


> [!scene] Time Lapse, Rachel is breating into a paper bag.

**Monica:** Just [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]], breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] things...

**Phoebe:** *(sings)* Raindrops on roses and [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbits]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#kitten\|kittens]], *(Rachel and Monica turn to look at her.)* [[Friends-词汇总表#bluebell\|bluebells]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#sleighbells\|sleighbells]] and- something with [[Friends-词汇总表#mitten\|mittens]]... La la la la...something and [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodles]] with string.  These are a few...

**Rachel:** I'm all better now.

**Phoebe:** *(grins and walks to the kitchen and says to Chandler and Joey.)* I helped!

**Monica:** Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.  The whole, 'hat' thing.

**Joey:** *(comforting her)* And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.

**Monica:** Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!

**Joey:** What, like there's a rule or something?

*(The door buzzer sounds and Chandler gets it.)*

**Chandler:** Please don't do that again, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] sound.

**Paul:** *(over the intercom)* It's, uh, it's Paul.

**Monica:** Oh God, is it 6:30?  Buzz him in!

**Joey:** Who's Paul?

**Ross:** Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?

**Monica:** Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?

**Ross:** He finally asked you out?

**Monica:** Yes!

**Chandler:** Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.

**Monica:** Rach, wait, I can [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]]...

**Rachel:** Please, no, go, that'd be fine!

**Monica:** *(to Ross)* Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?

**Ross:** *(choked voice)* That'd be good...

**Monica:** *(horrified)* Really?

**Ross:** *(normal voice)* No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!

**Phoebe:** What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it, or just [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complain]] a lot? *(Chandler doesn't know.)*

*(There's a knock on the door and it's Paul.)*

**Monica:** Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. *(They are all lined up next to the door.)*... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.

**All:** Hey! Paul! Hi! The Wine Guy! Hey!

**Chandler:** I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?

**Monica:** Okay, umm-umm, I'll just--I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...

**Ross:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#wander\|wandering]]?

**Monica:** Change!  Okay, sit down. *(Shows Paul in)* Two seconds.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, I just pulled out four [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelashes]]. That can't be good.

*(Monica goes to change.)*

**Joey:** Hey, Paul!

**Paul:** Yeah?

**Joey:** Here's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]], she really likes it when you [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] in the same [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.

**Monica:** *(yelling from the bedroom)* Shut up, Joey!

**Ross:** So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?

**Rachel:** Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]], so nothing!

**Ross:** Right, you're not even getting your [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]], God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- *(thinks)* -big [[Friends-词汇总表#lizard\|lizards]]... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.

**Chandler:** *(deadpan)* Yes, and we're very excited about it.

**Rachel:** Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight.  It's been kinda a long day.

**Ross:** Okay, sure.

**Joey:** Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Subway, Phoebe is singing for change.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a [[Friends-词汇总表#wondrous\|wondrous]] work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]]...[[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crapping]] on my heart.  La-la-la-la-la- *(some guy gives her some change and to that guy)* Thank you. *(sings)* La-la-la-la...ohhh!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's Apartment, the guys are there assembling furniture.

**Ross:** *(squatting and reading the instructions)* I'm supposed to [[Friends-词汇总表#attach\|attach]] a brackety thing to the side things, using a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of these little [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worm]] guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no [[Friends-词汇总表#whim\|whim]] guys [[Friends-词汇总表#whatsoever\|whatsoever]] and- I cannot feel my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]].

*(Joey and Chandler are finishing assembling the bookcase.)*

**Joey:** I'm thinking we've got a [[Friends-词汇总表#bookcase\|bookcase]] here.

**Chandler:** It's a beautiful thing.

**Joey:** *(picking up a leftover part)* What's this?

**Chandler:** I would have to say that is an 'L'-[[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bracket\|bracket]].

**Joey:** Which goes where?

**Chandler:** I have no idea.

*(Joey checks that Ross is not looking and dumps it in a plant.)*

**Joey:** Done with the [[Friends-词汇总表#bookcase\|bookcase]]!

**Chandler:** All finished!

**Ross:** *(clutching a beer can and sniffing)* This was Carol's favorite [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.

**Joey:** Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here.

**Chandler:** Yes, please don't [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]] all this fun.

**Joey:** Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the [[Friends-词汇总表#stereo\|stereo]], the good TV- what did you get?

**Ross:** You guys.

**Chandler:** Oh, God.

**Joey:** You got [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]].

**Chandler:** Oh my God!


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Paul are eating.

**Monica:** Oh my God!

**Paul:** I know, I know, I'm such an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]] four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] get?

**Monica:** My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?

**Paul:** Well, you might try [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] breaking something [[Friends-词汇总表#valuable\|valuable]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]], say her-

**Monica:** -[[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]]?

**Paul:** *(laughing)* That's one way! Me, I- I went for the watch.

**Monica:** You actually broke her watch?  Wow!  The [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] thing I ever did was, I-I [[Friends-词汇总表#shred\|shredded]] by boyfriend's favorite [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]].

**Paul:** Ooh, [[Friends-词汇总表#steer\|steer]] clear of you.

**Monica:** That's right.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's Apartment, Rachel is talking on the phone and pacing.

**Rachel:** Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|socks]] on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- *(She stops talking and dials the phone.)* Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me.  And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too... *(The maching cuts her off again and she redials.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's Apartment; Ross is pacing while Joey and Chandler are working on some more furniture.

**Ross:** I'm divorced!  I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!

**Joey:** Shut up!

**Chandler:** You must stop! *(Chandler hits what he is working on with a hammer and it collapses.)*

**Ross:** That only took me an hour.

**Chandler:** Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of [[Friends-词汇总表#closeness\|closeness]] and sharing at the end of which she [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|ripped]] your heart out, and that is why we don't do it!  I don't think that was my point!

**Ross:** You know what the [[Friends-词汇总表#scariest\|scariest]] part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...

**Joey:** What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one [[Friends-词汇总表#flavor\|flavor]] of ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]], or [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whipped]] cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]]!

**Ross:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] don't know if I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#horny\|horny]].

**Chandler:** Stay out of my [[Friends-词汇总表#freezer\|freezer]]! [Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Paul are still eating.]

**Paul:** Ever since she walked out on me, I, uh...

**Monica:** What?..... What, you wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] it out with [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodles]]?

**Paul:** No, it's, it's more of a [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] date kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#revelation\|revelation]].

**Monica:** Oh, so there is gonna be a [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] date?

**Paul:** Isn't there?

**Monica:** Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?

**Paul:** Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]]. *(Monica takes a sip of her drink.)* ...Sexually.

**Monica:** *(spitting out her drink in shock)* Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...

**Paul:** It's okay...

**Monica:** I know being [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?

**Paul:** Two years.

**Monica:** Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you [[Friends-词汇总表#smash\|smashed]] her watch!

**Paul:** So you still think you, um... might want that [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] date?

**Monica:** *(pause)*...Yeah. Yeah, I do.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's Apartment, Rachel is watching Joanne Loves Chaci.] Priest on TV: We are gathered here today to join Joanne Louise Cunningham and Charles, Chachi-Chachi-Chachi, Arcola in the bound of holy matrimony.

**Rachel:** Oh...see... but Joanne loved Chachi! That's the difference!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's Apartment, they're all sitting around and talking.

**Ross:** *(scornful)* Grab a [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]]. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you?

**Joey:** Great story!  But, I uh, I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea...  Oh man, *(looks to Chandler)*

**Chandler:** Angela's the [[Friends-词汇总表#screamer\|screamer]], Andrea has cats.

**Joey:** Right.  Thanks. It's June.  I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here. *(Exits.)*

**Ross:** Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask? *(He gazes out of the window.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Rachel staring out of her window.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's Apartment, Rachel is making coffee for Joey and Chandler.

**Rachel:** Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.

**Chandler:** That is amazing.

**Joey:** Congratulations.

**Rachel:** Y'know, I figure if I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.

**Chandler:** If can [[Friends-词汇总表#invade\|invade]] Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.

**Joey:** Listen, while you're on a [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]], if you feel like you gotta make like a Western [[Friends-词汇总表#omelet\|omelet]] or something... *(Joey and Chandler taste the coffee, grimace, and pour it into a plant pot.)* Although actually I'm really not that [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]]...

**Monica:** *(entering, to herself)* Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.

**All:** Morning. Good morning.

**Paul:** *(entering from Monica's room)* Morning.

**Joey:** Morning, Paul.

**Rachel:** Hello, Paul.

**Chandler:** Hi, Paul, is it?

*(Monica and Paul walk to the door and talk in a low voice so the others can't hear.  The others move Monica's table closer to the door so that they can.)*

**Paul:** Thank you!  Thank you so much!

**Monica:** Stop!

**Paul:** No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthdays]], both [[Friends-词汇总表#graduation\|graduations]], plus the [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raising]] scene in Witness.

**Monica:** We'll talk later.

**Paul:** Yeah. *(They kiss)* Thank you. *(Exits)*

**Joey:** That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?

**Monica:** Shut up, and put my table back.

**All:** Okayyy! *(They do so.)*

**Chandler:** All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...

**Rachel:** So, like, you guys all have jobs?

**Monica:** Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.

**Joey:** Yeah, I'm an actor.

**Rachel:** Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?

**Joey:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] it. Mostly regional work.

**Monica:** Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]] in the park.

**Joey:** Look, it was a job all right?

**Chandler:** 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'

**Joey:** I will not take this abuse. *(Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)*

**Chandler:** You're right, I'm sorry. *(Burst into song and dances out of the door.)* "Once I was a [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] boy, a little wooden boy..."

**Joey:** You should both know, that he's a dead man.  Oh, Chandler? *(Starts after Chandler.)*

**Monica:** So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]].

**Rachel:** I can see that. You look like you slept with a [[Friends-词汇总表#hanger\|hanger]] in your [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]].

**Monica:** I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah.

**Monica:** Well, it's like that. With [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]].

**Rachel:** Oh wow. Are you in [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]].

**Monica:** Big time!

**Rachel:** Want a wedding dress? Hardly used.

**Monica:** I think we are getting a little [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.

**Rachel:** Oh, look, wish me luck!

**Monica:** What for?

**Rachel:** I'm gonna go get one of those *(Thinks)* job things.

*(Monica exits.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Iridium, Monica is working as Frannie enters.

**Frannie:** Hey, Monica!

**Monica:** Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida?

**Frannie:** You had sex, didn't you?

**Monica:** How do you do that?

**Frannie:** Oh, I hate you, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]] my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle and you're having sex!  So? Who?

**Monica:** You know Paul?

**Frannie:** Paul the Wine Guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul.

**Monica:** You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?

**Frannie:** Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul. Y'know before me, there was no [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snap]] in his [[Friends-词汇总表#turtle\|turtle]] for two years.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone but Rachel is there.

**Joey:** *(sitting on the arm of the couch)*Of course it was a line!

**Monica:** Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?

**Ross:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] we're looking for an answer more [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticated]] than 'to get you into bed'.

**Monica:** I hate men!  I hate men!

**Phoebe:** Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the [[Friends-词汇总表#universe\|universe]].

**Monica:** Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of [[Friends-词汇总表#beacon\|beacon]] that only dogs and men with [[Friends-词汇总表#severe\|severe]] [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] problems can hear?

**Phoebe:** All right, c'mere, gimme your feet. *(She starts massaging them.)*

**Monica:** I just thought he was nice, y'know?

**Joey:** *(bursts out laughing again)* I can't believe you didn't know it was a line!

*(Monica pushes him off of the sofa as Rachel enters with a shopping bag.)*

**Rachel:** Guess what?

**Ross:** You got a job?

**Rachel:** Are you kidding? I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|trained]] for nothing! I was laughed out of [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] interviews today.

**Chandler:** And yet you're [[Friends-词汇总表#surprisingly\|surprisingly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#upbeat\|upbeat]].

**Rachel:** You would be too if you found John and David [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] on sale, [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] percent off!

**Chandler:** Oh, how well you know me...

**Rachel:** They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]]!

**Monica:** How'd you pay for them?

**Rachel:** Uh, credit card.

**Monica:** And who pays for that?

**Rachel:** Um... my... father.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is sitting around the kitchen table. Rachel's credit cards are spread out on the table along with a pair of scissors.

**Rachel:** Oh God, come on you guys, is this really necessary?  I mean, I can stop charging [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] I want.

**Monica:** C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.

**Rachel:** I know that. That's why I was getting married.

**Phoebe:** Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.

**Rachel:** Thank you.

**Phoebe:** You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]]. My mom had just killed [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] and my step-dad was back in [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]], and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this [[Friends-词汇总表#albino\|albino]] guy who was, like, cleaning [[Friends-词汇总表#windshield\|windshields]] outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found [[Friends-词汇总表#aromatherapy\|aromatherapy]]. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.

*(Pause)*

**Ross:** The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...

**Monica:** All right, you ready?

**Rachel:** No.  No, no, I'm not ready!  How can I be ready?  "Hey, Rach!  You ready to jump out the [[Friends-词汇总表#airplane\|airplane]] without your [[Friends-词汇总表#parachute\|parachute]]?"  Come on, I can't do this!

**Monica:** You can, I know you can!

**Rachel:** I don't think so.

**Ross:** Come on, you made coffee!   You can do anything! *(Chandler slowly tries to hide the now dead plant from that morning when he and Joey poured their coffee into it.)*

**Ross:** C'mon, cut. Cut, cut, cut,...

**All:** Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut... *(She cuts one of them and they cheer.)*

**Rachel:** Y'know what?  I think we can just leave it at that.  It's kinda like a [[Friends-词汇总表#symbolic\|symbolic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]]...

**Monica:** Rachel! That was a library card!

**All:** Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut..

**Chandler:** *(as Rachel is cutting up her cards)* Y'know, if you listen [[Friends-词汇总表#closely\|closely]], you can hear a [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] [[Friends-词汇总表#retailer\|retailers]] [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]].

*(She finishes cutting them up and they all cheer.)*

**Monica:** Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're gonna love it!


> [!scene] Time Lapse, Rachel and Ross are watching a TV channel finishes it's broadcast day by playing the national anthem.

**Monica:** Well, that's it *(To Ross)* You gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crash]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]?

**Ross:** No. No, I gotta go home [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]].

**Monica:** You be okay?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. *(Monica smiles.)* What?

**Monica:** That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody. Ross and Rachel: Goodnight.

*(Monica stomps on Paul's watch and goes into her room.)*

**Ross:** Mmm. *(They both reach for the last cookie)* Oh, no-

**Rachel:** Sorry-

**Ross:** No no no, go-

**Rachel:** No, you have it, really, I don't want it-

**Ross:** Split it?

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Ross:** Okay. *(They split it.)* You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on you.

**Rachel:** I knew.

**Ross:** You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#geeky\|geeky]] older brother.

**Rachel:** I did.

**Ross:** Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vulnerability\|vulnerability]] become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?

**Rachel:** Yeah, maybe...

**Ross:** Okay... okay, maybe I will...

**Rachel:** Goodnight.

**Ross:** Goodnight.

*(Rachel goes into her room and Monica enters the living room as Ross is leaving.)*

**Monica:** See ya.... Waitwait, what's with you?

**Ross:** I just grabbed a [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]]. *(Ross exits and Monica has no idea what that means.)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.

**Joey:** I can't believe what I'm hearing here.

**Phoebe:** *(sings)* I can't believe what I'm hearing here...

**Monica:** What? I-I said you had a-

**Phoebe:** *(sings)* What I said you had...

**Monica:** *(to Phoebe)* Would you stop?

**Phoebe:** Oh, was I doing it again?

**All:** Yes!

**Monica:** I said that you had a nice [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]], it's just not a great butt.

**Joey:** Oh, you wouldn't know a great [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] if it came up and [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] ya.

**Ross:** There's an image.

**Rachel:** *(walks up with a pot of coffee)* Would anybody like more coffee?

**Chandler:** Did you make it, or are you just serving it?

**Rachel:** I'm just serving it.

**All:** Yeah. Yeah, I'll have a cup of coffee.

**Chandler:** Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas. *(Rachel sits down to hear Chandler's dream.)*

**Customer:** *(To Rachel)* Ahh, miss?   More coffee?

**Rachel:** Ugh. *(To another customer that's leaving.)* Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? *(Hands him the coffee pot.)* Go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]. *(He does so.)* Thank you. *(To the gang.)* Sorry.  Okay, Las Vegas.

**Chandler:** Okay, so, I'm in Las Vegas... I'm Liza Minelli-


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 4 | 182 | 101 | *Oh, I hate you, I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle and you're having sex!  So? Who?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 3 | 86 | 66 | *I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 3 | 422 | 131 | *I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 2 | 88 | 74 | *Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 2 | 82 | 60 | *I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 2 | 126 | 70 | *C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You'r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 2 | 88 | 79 | *I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 2 | 84 | 53 | *I'm divorced!  I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 2 | 162 | 106 | *Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul. Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Wait, does he eat chalk?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Who wasn't invited to the wedding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue... [Scene: Monica's Apartment, everyone is there a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue... [Scene: Monica's Apartment, everyone is there a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *I'll have whatever Christine is having.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Change!  Okay, sit down.  Two seconds.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Yes, and we're very excited about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight.  It's been kinda a long day.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your lo* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *All finished!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *You actually broke her watch?  Wow!  The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's fav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said th* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Yeah, I'm an actor.* |

### 常用词（72）

| Word                                            | Phonetic            | 中文释义                                       | English                                                                          | 本集  | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context                                                                                                |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- | ---- | ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]]                     | /ʃu:/               | n. 鞋, 靴, 外胎                                | n. footwear shaped to fit the foot (below the ankle) with a flexible upper of le | 5   | 31   | 14   | *C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You'r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]]                     | /puʃ/               | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心                      | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away                     | 4   | 68   | 35   | *I say push her down the stairs. Phoebe, Ross, Chandler, and Joey: Push her down the stairs! Push her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stair]]                   | /stєә/              | n. 梯级, 楼梯, 阶梯                              | n support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a | 4   | 19   | 13   | *I say push her down the stairs. Phoebe, Ross, Chandler, and Joey: Push her down the stairs! Push her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]]                   | /spu:n/             | n. 匙, 调羹, 匙形工具                             | n. a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to | 4   | 17   | 12   | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]]                   | /fifθ/              | num. 第五, 五分之一                              | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon             | 3   | 20   | 15   | *No, it's, it's more of a fifth date kinda revelation.*                                                |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]]                     | /bʌt/               | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄                        | n. thick end of the handle                                                       | 3   | 69   | 43   | *I said that you had a nice butt, it's just not a great butt.*                                         |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]]                   | /mauθ/              | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物                           | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge           | 2   | 43   | 36   | *I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]]                     | /nek/               | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈                               | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 2   | 21   | 17   | *I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]]                 | /'kuki/             | n. 饼干, 小甜点                                 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term)         | 2   | 29   | 15   | *Cookie?*                                                                                              |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]]               | /'trʌbl/            | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障                      | n. a source of difficulty                                                        | 2   | 50   | 46   | *You can see where he'd have trouble.*                                                                 |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]]               | /bri:ð/             | vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语                             | v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs                                    | 2   | 37   | 18   | *Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...*                          |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]]           | /'hʌnimu:n/         | n. 蜜月, 蜜月假期                                | n. a holiday taken by a newly married couple                                     | 2   | 32   | 14   | *Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!*                       |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]]                   | /ˈaʊtə/             | prep. “out of”的简写体                         |                                                                                  | 2   | 28   | 23   | *Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.*                             |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]]                   | /kri:m/             | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜                              | n. the best people or things in a group                                          | 2   | 32   | 22   | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]]                 | /'hʌŋgi/            | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的                      | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food                          | 2   | 33   | 28   | *I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.*                                                        |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]                   | /ә'hed/             | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的                           | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest                      | 2   | 50   | 40   | *I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]]             | /'sʌmtaim/          | a. 以前的, 某一时间的                              | r. at some indefinite or unstated time                                           | 2   | 38   | 29   | *No. No, I gotta go home sometime.*                                                                    |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]]                 | /'sʌdn/             | n. 突然, 忽然                                  | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time                         | 1   | 29   | 27   | *All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]]                 | /θrәut/             | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音                              | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 1   | 16   | 14   | *I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]]                       | /tai/               | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负     | n. equality of score in a contest                                                | 1   | 31   | 22   | *I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]                     | /laud/              | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的                           | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity              | 1   | 37   | 30   | *Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian...  Did I say that out loud?*                                        |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]]                   | /'æŋgri/            | a. 生气的, 愤怒的                                | a. feeling or showing anger                                                      | 1   | 28   | 22   | *Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]]                   | /strip/             | n. 长条, 条状, 带, 脱衣舞                          | n. a relatively long narrow piece of something                                   | 1   | 27   | 10   | *Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!*                                               |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]]                 | /'hæmә/             | n. 锤, 铁锤, 钉锤                               | n. the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pul | 1   | 14   | 12   | *Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]]                       | /wet/               | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天                          | v. cause to become wet                                                           | 1   | 26   | 25   | *So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?*                                |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gorgeous\|gorgeous]]             | /'gɒ:dʒәs/          | a. 华丽的, 灿烂的                                | s. dazzlingly beautiful                                                          | 1   | 18   | 17   | *Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were kee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]]                     | /sәup/              | n. 肥皂, 阿谀                                  | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats             | 1   | 46   | 26   | *Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue... [Scene: Monica's Apartment, everyone is there a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]]                       | /eg/                | n. 蛋, 卵                                    | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1   | 38   | 20   | *Tuna or egg salad?  Decide!*                                                                          |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]]                   | /'sælәd/            | n. 色拉                                      | n. food mixtures either arranged on a plate or tossed and served with a moist dr | 1   | 27   | 17   | *Tuna or egg salad?  Decide!*                                                                          |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]]                 | /di'said/           | v. 决定, 判决                                  | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something                            | 1   | 64   | 44   | *Tuna or egg salad?  Decide!*                                                                          |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]                   | /pә:s/              | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物                   | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse                     | 1   | 48   | 31   | *C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You'r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]]                     | /kɑ:m/              | n. 平稳, 风平浪静                                | v. make calm or still                                                            | 1   | 55   | 42   | *Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...*                          |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]             | /'hɒrәbl/           | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的                          | s provoking horror                                                               | 1   | 65   | 46   | *Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.*                                                   |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzz]]                     | /bʌz/               | n. 嗡嗡声, 流言                                 | n. sound of rapid vibration                                                      | 1   | 11   | 11   | *Oh God, is it 6:30?  Buzz him in!*                                                                    |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]]                     | /'diә/              | n. 亲爱的人                                    | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship                                   | 1   | 53   | 40   | *Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.*                                                                    |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]]                 | /'kænsәl/           | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票)                          | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled                   | 1   | 30   | 24   | *Rach, wait, I can cancel...*                                                                          |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complain]]             | /kәm'plein/         | v. 抱怨, 抗议, 控诉                              | v. express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness                   | 1   | 13   | 13   | *What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot?*                              |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]]                       | /tip/               | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed                    | 1   | 33   | 24   | *Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]]                       | /rʌb/               | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处                         | n. the act of rubbing or wiping                                                  | 1   | 26   | 22   | *Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]]                     | /spɒt/              | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量             | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 1   | 28   | 23   | *Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]]                   | /'dʒaiәnt/          | n. 巨人, 大力士, 巨大怪物                           | n. any creature of exceptional size                                              | 1   | 36   | 27   | *Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]]                 | /'pidʒin/           | n. 鸽子, 易上当受骗的人, 年轻女子                       | n. wild and domesticated birds having a heavy body and short legs                | 1   | 18   | 12   | *Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]                     | /kræp/              | n. 废物, 废话                                  | n. obscene terms for feces                                                       | 1   | 61   | 48   | *Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]]                   | /bʌntʃ/             | n. 串, 束                                    | n. a grouping of a number of similar things                                      | 1   | 48   | 44   | *I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]]                       | /leg/               | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程                               | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1   | 58   | 39   | *I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]                     | /biә/               | n. 啤酒                                      | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1   | 59   | 37   | *This was Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.*             |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]]                   | /spɒil/             | n. 战利品, 赃物, 奖品, 变质, 次品                     | n. (usually plural) valuables taken by violence (especially in war)              | 1   | 18   | 15   | *Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.*                                                                |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]]                   | /skru:/             | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼                    | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1   | 47   | 47   | *You got screwed.*                                                                                     |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]                   | /'idiәt/            | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人                                | n. a person of subnormal intelligence                                            | 1   | 61   | 44   | *I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the den* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]]                   | /ti:θ/              | pl. 牙齿                                     | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1   | 24   | 17   | *I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the den* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]]     | /.æksi'dentli/      | adv. 偶然地, 意外地                              | r without advance planning                                                       | 1   | 17   | 16   | *Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-*                       |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]]                     | /hә:z/              | pron. 她的                                   | pron. See the Note under Her, pron.                                              | 1   | 13   | 10   | *Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-*                       |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]]                   | /wә:st/             | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候                               | n. the least favorable outcome                                                   | 1   | 58   | 45   | *You actually broke her watch?  Wow!  The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's fav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]]                     | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/          | n. 沐浴, 浴室                                  | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1   | 37   | 22   | *You actually broke her watch?  Wow!  The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's fav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]]                   | /'tauәl/            | n. 手巾, 毛巾                                  | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping        | 1   | 19   | 18   | *You actually broke her watch?  Wow!  The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's fav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|sock]]                     | /sɒk/               | n. 短袜, 鞋垫, 一击                              | n. hosiery consisting of a cloth covering for the foot; worn inside the shoe; re | 1   | 29   | 15   | *Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]]         | /in'kredәbli/       | adv. 不能相信地                                 | r. not easy to believe                                                           | 1   | 18   | 18   | *Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]]                       | /rip/               | n. 裂痕, 破绽, 拉裂, 浪子, 巨浪                      | n. an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart                                  | 1   | 26   | 22   | *Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]]   | /ʌn'fɔ:tjjnәtli/    | adv. 恐怕, 不幸的是                              | r. by bad luck                                                                   | 1   | 14   | 14   | *You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]]                       | /nʌt/               | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽                              | n. usually large hard-shelled seed                                               | 1   | 42   | 30   | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]]                     | /hwip/              | n. 鞭子, 抽打, 车夫, 搅拌器                         | n. an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping     | 1   | 21   | 17   | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]]             | /'ɒnistli/          | adv. 真诚地, 公正地                              | r. (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the ca | 1   | 11   | 10   | *I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.*                                                        |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]]                   | /spel/              | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作              | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force                               | 1   | 26   | 20   | *What?..... What, you wanna spell it out with noodles?*                                                |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]]               | /pә'fɒ:m/           | vt. 进行, 履行, 完成, 执行, 表演                     | v. carry out or perform an action                                                | 1   | 15   | 12   | *Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform.  ...Sexually.*     |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]]                     | /spit/              | n. 唾液, 唾吐, 小雨, 炙叉, 一铲的深度                   | n. a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea                             | 1   | 26   | 22   | *I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?*                        |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]]                     | /'hiәrәu/           | n. 英雄, 超越常人者, 男主角                          | n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength          | 1   | 16   | 12   | *Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜                                  | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration         | 1   | 60   | 48   | *Congratulations.*                                                                                     |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]]                     | /rәul/              | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机                      | n. a list of names                                                               | 1   | 56   | 42   | *Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]             | /'bә:θdei/          | n. 生日                                      | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1   | 152  | 44   | *No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raisi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]]                   | /reiz/              | n. 上升, 高地, 增高                              | n. the amount a salary is increased                                              | 1   | 52   | 39   | *No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raisi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]]                   | /daut/              | n. 怀疑, 疑惑                                  | n. the state of being unsure of something                                        | 1   | 17   | 14   | *I doubt it. Mostly regional work.*                                                                    |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]]                 | /'mәustli/          | adv. 大概, 大部分, 主要                           | r in large part; mainly or chiefly                                               | 1   | 12   | 12   | *I doubt it. Mostly regional work.*                                                                    |

### 低频词（74）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boot]] | /bu:t/ | n. 长靴, 踢, 解雇, 效用 | n. footwear that covers the whole foot and lower leg | 3 | 31 | 9 | *You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|hump]] | /hʌmp/ | n. 驼背, 圆形隆起物, 鸵峰 | n something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings | 2 | 12 | 7 | *All right Joey, be nice.  So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aura\|aura]] | /'ɒ:rә/ | n. 气氛, 气味 | n. a sensation (as of a cold breeze or bright light) that precedes the onset of  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandchild\|grandchild]] | /'^rændtʃaild/ | n. 孙, 外孙女, 外孙, 孙女, 孙子 | n. a child of your son or daughter | 2 | 8 | 6 | *Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gravy\|gravy]] | /'greivi/ | n. 肉汁, 外快 | n. a sauce made by adding stock, flour, or other ingredients to the juice and fa | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were kee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] | /'nu:dl/ | n. 面条, 笨蛋 | n. a ribbonlike strip of pasta | 2 | 15 | 7 | *Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens,  bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bookcase\|bookcase]] | /'bukkeis/ | n. 书架, 书柜 | n. a piece of furniture with shelves for storing books | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] | /'wudn/ | a. 木制的, 呆笨的, 木然的 | s. made or consisting of (entirely or in part) or employing wood | 2 | 7 | 6 | *You're right, I'm sorry.  "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hairpiece\|hairpiece]] | /'hєәpi:s/ | n. 假发 | n. a covering or bunch of human or artificial hair used for disguise or adornmen | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right Joey, be nice.  So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chalk\|chalk]] | /tʃɒ:k/ | n. 粉笔, 白垩 | n. a soft whitish calcite | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Wait, does he eat chalk?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cafeteria\|cafeteria]] | /.kæfi'tiәriә/ | n. 自助餐厅 | n. a restaurant where you serve yourself and pay a cashier | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intestine\|intestine]] | /in'testin/ | a. 内部的, 国内的 | n. the part of the alimentary canal between the stomach and the anus | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cleanse\|cleanse]] | /klenz/ | vt. 使清洁, 净化, 使纯净 | v. clean one's body or parts thereof, as by washing | 1 | 7 | 5 | *No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#murky\|murky]] | /'mә:ki/ | a. 黝暗的, 阴沉的, 朦胧的 | s. dark or gloomy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Fine!  Be murky!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fixate\|fixate]] | /'fikseit/ | vi. 使固定, 使不变, 注视 | v. attach (oneself) to a person or thing in a neurotic way | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hysterical\|hysterical]] | /his'terikәl/ | a. 歇斯底里的, 异常兴奋的 | s. marked by excessive or uncontrollable emotion | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sob\|sob]] | /sɒb/ | vi. 啜泣, 呜咽 | n. convulsive gasp made while weeping | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hormone\|hormone]] | /'hɒ:mәun/ | n. 荷尔蒙 | n. the secretion of an endocrine gland that is transmitted by the blood to the t | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lincoln\|lincoln]] | /'liŋkәn/ | n. 林肯 | n. 16th President of the United States; saved the Union during the American Civi | 1 | 4 | 4 | *De-caff.  Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.  This is everybody, this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survivor\|survivor]] | /sә'vaivә/ | n. 生还者, 幸存者 | n. one who lives through affliction | 1 | 2 | 2 | *De-caff.  Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.  This is everybody, this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bridesmaid\|bridesmaid]] | /'braidzmeid/ | n. 女傧相 | n. an unmarried woman who attends the bride at a wedding | 1 | 12 | 4 | *So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pipe\|pipe]] | /paip/ | n. 管, 导管, 输送管, 管状器官, 声带, 尖细的声音, 烟斗, 笛, 管乐器 | n. a tube with a small bowl at one end; used for smoking tobacco | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organ\|organ]] | /'ɒ:gәn/ | n. 风琴, 器官, 元件, 机构, 机关 | n. a fully differentiated structural and functional unit in an animal that is sp | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tuna\|tuna]] | /'tju:nә/ | n. 金枪鱼, 金枪鱼肉 | n. tropical American prickly pear of Jamaica | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Tuna or egg salad?  Decide!* |
| christine | /'kristi:n/ | n. 克莉丝汀（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'll have whatever Christine is having.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#metaphor\|metaphor]] | /'metәfә/ | n. 隐喻 | n. a figure of speech in which an expression is used to refer to something that  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You'r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raindrop\|raindrop]] | /'reindrɒp/ | n. 雨滴, 雨点 | n. a drop of rain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens,  bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]] | /'ræbit/ | n. 兔子 | n. any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and | 1 | 13 | 8 | *Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens,  bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kitten\|kitten]] | /'kitn/ | n. 小猫, 淘气姑娘 | n. young domestic cat | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens,  bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bluebell\|bluebell]] | /'blu:bel/ | n. 开蓝色铃状花的植物 | n sometimes placed in genus Scilla | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens,  bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleighbells\|sleighbells]] |  | (sleighbell 的复数) n. 雪橇铃 | plural of sleighbell | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens,  bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mitten\|mitten]] | /'mitn/ | n. 连指手套, 拳击手套 | n. glove that encases the thumb separately and the other four fingers together | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens,  bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#independence\|independence]] | /.indi'pendәns/ | n. 独立, 自立, 自主 | n. freedom from control or influence of another or others | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.  The w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diary\|diary]] | /'daiәri/ | n. 日记 | n. a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observations | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wander\|wander]] | /'wɒndә/ | vi. 游荡, 漫步, 徘徊, 迷路, 离题, 蜿蜒 | v. go via an indirect route or at no set pace | 1 | 8 | 8 | *A wandering?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelash]] | /'ailæʃ/ | n. 睫毛 | n. any of the short curved hairs that grow from the edges of the eyelids | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lizard\|lizard]] | /'lizәd/ | n. 蜥蜴 | n. relatively long-bodied reptile with usually two pairs of legs and a tapering  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wondrous\|wondrous]] | /'wʌndrәs/ | a. 令人惊奇的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attach\|attach]] | /ә'tætʃ/ | vt. 附上, 使依附, 使附属, 使喜爱, 系, 缚 | v. cause to be attached | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worm]] | /wә:m/ | n. 虫, 蠕虫, 小人物, 螺纹, 蜗杆 | n. any of numerous relatively small elongated soft-bodied animals especially of  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whim\|whim]] | /hwim/ | n. 一时的兴致, 冲动, 怪念头, 绞盘 | n a sudden desire | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatsoever\|whatsoever]] | /.hwɒtsәu'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bracket\|bracket]] | /'brækit/ | n. 支架, 括弧, 托架 | n. a category falling within certain defined limits | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stereo\|stereo]] | /'stiәriәu/ | n. 铅版, 立体照片 | n. reproducer in which two microphones feed two or more loudspeakers to give a t | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]] | /'dentist/ | n. 牙科医生 | n. a person qualified to practice dentistry | 1 | 12 | 6 | *I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the den* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#valuable\|valuable]] | /'væljuәbl/ | a. 有价值的, 贵重的, 宝贵的, 可估价的 | n. something of value | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shred\|shred]] | /ʃred/ | n. 碎布条, 细片, 少量 | n. a tiny or scarcely detectable amount | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You actually broke her watch?  Wow!  The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's fav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steer\|steer]] | /stiә/ | vt. 引导, 驾驶, 航行, 控制 | v. direct the course; determine the direction of travelling | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Ooh, steer clear of you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finkel\|finkel]] |  | [人名] 芬克尔 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mento\|mento]] | /'mentəʊ/ | [医]颏 |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closeness\|closeness]] | /'klәusnis/ | [建] 密闭, 紧密 | n. a feeling of being intimate and belonging together | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scariest\|scariest]] |  | 恐怖的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flavor\|flavor]] | /'fleivә/ | n. 滋味, 调味品 | n. (physics) the six kinds of quarks | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lem\|lem]] | /lem/ | n. (Lem)人名；(俄、西、英)莱姆 | n a spacecraft that carries astronauts from the command module to the surface of | 1 | 8 | 5 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rocky\|rocky]] | /'rɒki/ | a. 岩石的, 多石的, 像岩石的, 无情的, 摇动的, 摇晃的 | s. abounding in rocks or stones | 1 | 5 | 4 | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dough\|dough]] | /dәu/ | n. 生面团 | n. a flour mixture stiff enough to knead or roll | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cherry\|cherry]] | /'tʃeri/ | n. 樱桃, 樱桃树, 樱桃色 | n. wood of any of various cherry trees especially the black cherry | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vanilla\|vanilla]] | /vә'nilә/ | n. 香草, 香子兰 | n. any of numerous climbing plants of the genus Vanilla having fleshy leaves and | 1 | 7 | 5 | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jimmy\|jimmy]] | /'dʒimi/ | n. 铁撬 | n. a short crowbar | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horny\|horny]] | /'hɒ:ni/ | a. 角的, 似角一样坚硬的, 角质的, 老茧的 | s. having horns or hornlike projections | 1 | 8 | 5 | *I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freezer\|freezer]] | /fri:zә/ | n. 冰库, 冰箱, 冷冻库 | n electric refrigerator (trade name Deepfreeze) in which food is frozen and stor | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Stay out of my freezer! [Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Paul are still eating.]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#revelation\|revelation]] | /.revi'leiʃәn/ | n. 揭露, 泄露, 发觉, 默示, 启示 | n. an enlightening or astonishing disclosure | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, it's, it's more of a fifth date kinda revelation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexually\|sexually]] |  | adv. 性别地；两性之间地 | r. with respect to sexuality | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform.  ...Sexually.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smash\|smash]] | /smæʃ/ | n. 打碎, 粉碎, 打碎时哗啦声, 猛击, 扣球, 杀球, 经营失败, 破产, 硬币, 假硬币 | n. a serious collision (especially of motor vehicles) | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screamer\|screamer]] | /'skri:mә/ | n. 尖声叫喊的人；令人惊叹的事；惊叹符号；耸人听闻的标题 | n. a sensational newspaper headline | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invade\|invade]] | /in'veid/ | vt. 侵入, 拥入, 侵略, 侵袭 | v. march aggressively into another's territory by military force for the purpose | 1 | 1 | 1 | *If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poland\|poland]] | /'pәulәnd/ | n. 波兰 | n. a republic in central Europe; the invasion of Poland by Germany in 1939 start | 1 | 1 | 1 | *If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#omelet\|omelet]] | /'ɔmlit, -let/ | n. 煎蛋卷, 煎蛋饼, 炒蛋 | n. beaten eggs or an egg mixture cooked until just set; may be folded around e.g | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#graduation\|graduation]] | /.grædʒu'eiʃәn/ | n. 毕业, 得学位, 分划, 刻度, 分等级 | n. the successful completion of a program of study | 1 | 11 | 8 | *No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raisi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] | /bɑ:n/ | n. 谷仓 | n. an outlying farm building for storing grain or animal feed and housing farm a | 1 | 25 | 8 | *No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raisi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witness]] | /'witnis/ | n. 证人, 目击者, 证据, 证词 | n. someone who sees an event and reports what happened | 1 | 10 | 9 | *No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raisi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rerun\|rerun]] | /ri:'rʌn/ | n. 重新开动, 再度上演 | n. a program that is broadcast again | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pinocchio\|pinocchio]] |  | n. 童话中的主角 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]] | /'θiәtә/ | n. 戏院, 电影院, 剧场, 全体观众, 戏剧, 戏剧效果, 阶梯式讲堂, 场所 | n. a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be prese | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theat* |
