---
season: 1
episode: "11"
title: "The One With Mrs. Bing"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E11 — The One With Mrs. Bing

*Written by: Alexa Junge*


> [!scene] Scene: A Street: Monica and Phoebe are walking to a newsstand.

**Phoebe:** Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?

**Monica:** Why?

**Phoebe:** Just wanna check my [[Friends-词汇总表#horoscope\|horoscope]], see if it was right.

**Monica:** Oh my God. *(Grabs Phoebe and turns her away)* Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and [[Friends-词汇总表#plunge\|plunge]] us into a [[Friends-词汇总表#pit\|pit]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#depression\|depression]].

**Phoebe:** Where? *(Turns to face him)* Ooh, come to Momma.

**Monica:** He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool.

*(The guy walks past them)*

**Guy:** Nice hat. Monica and Phoebe: *(in unison)* Thanks.

*(The guy walks on)*

**Phoebe:** We should do something. Whistle.

**Monica:** We are not going to [[Friends-词汇总表#whistle\|whistle]].

**Phoebe:** Come on, do it.

**Monica:** No!

**Phoebe:** Do it!

**Monica:** No!

**Phoebe:** Do it do it do it!

**Monica:** *(Shouts to the guy)* Woo-woo!

*(The guy turns round, startled. Monica points to Phoebe. The guy gets hit by a truck)*

**Phoebe:** I can't believe you did that!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Hospital, the guy is in a coma and Mon and Pheebs are visiting.

**Monica:** Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?

**Phoebe:** I just wish there was something we could do. *(Bends down and talks to him)* Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!

**Monica:** Phoebe, what are you doing?

**Phoebe:** Maybe nobody's tried this.

**Monica:** I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but did you see the [[Friends-词汇总表#dent\|dents]] in his [[Friends-词汇总表#knuckle\|knuckles]]? That means he's [[Friends-词汇总表#artistic\|artistic]].

**Monica:** Okay, he's a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]], who [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaches]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sculpt\|sculpting]] on the side. And- he can dance!

**Phoebe:** Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.

**Monica:** I wish all guys could be like him.

**Phoebe:** I know.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Phoebe are telling everyone about their coma guy.

**Chandler:** Are there no [[Friends-词汇总表#conscious\|conscious]] men in the city for you two?

**Monica:** He doesn't have anyone.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, we-we feel kinda responsible.

**Joey:** I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.

**Rachel:** Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up! *(Turns on the TV)*

**Jay Leno:** *(on TV)* Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one.

*(Everyone has settled down to watch, except Chandler)*

**Chandler:** Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.

**Rachel:** No way, forget it.

**Joey:** C'mon, she's your mom!

**Chandler:** Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the [[Friends-词汇总表#groin\|groin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]], [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] times! No?

**Rachel:** Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] without one! I mean, this is so cool!

**Chandler:** Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]] years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'

**Ross:** C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a [[Friends-词汇总表#blast\|blast]].

**Chandler:** You can say that because she's not your mom.

**Ross:** Oh, please...

*(Rachel opens the door to Paolo)*

**Paolo:** Bona [[Friends-词汇总表#serum\|sera]].

**Rachel:** Oh, hi sweetie. *(They kiss)*

**Ross:** When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?

**Monica:** Last night.

**Ross:** Ah, so then his [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|explode]] in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, [[Friends-词汇总表#phew\|phew]].

**Phoebe:** Hey hey hey! She's on!

**Paolo:** Ah! Nora Bing!

**Jay Leno:** *(on TV)* ...Now what is this about you-you being arrested i-in London? What is that all about?

**Phoebe:** Your mom was [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrested]]?

**Chandler:** Shhh, [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#beam\|beaming]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]]. Mrs. Bing: *(on TV)* ...This is kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]], but [[Friends-词汇总表#occasionally\|occasionally]] after I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#intimate\|intimate]] with a man...

**Chandler:** Now why would she say that's [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]]?

**All:** Shhh. Mrs. Bing: *(on TV)* ...I just get this [[Friends-词汇总表#craving\|craving]] for Kung Pow Chicken.

**Chandler:** THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!!

**Jay Leno:** *(on TV)* Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going? Mrs. Bing: *(on TV)* Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...

**All:** Awww!

**Chandler:** This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone.

**Jay Leno:** *(on TV)* Y'know, don't take this wrong, I-I just don't see you a-as a mom, somehow.. I don't mean that, I don't mean that bad... Mrs. Bing: *(on TV)* Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms.

*(The gang turn to look at Chandler)*

**Chandler:** ...And then he [[Friends-词汇总表#burst\|burst]] into [[Friends-词汇总表#flame\|flames]].


> [!scene] Scene: The Hospital, it's a montage of Monica and Phoebe's visit to the hospital with My Guy playing in the background.  It starts with Monica reading a newspaper to him.

**Monica:** Let's see. Congress is [[Friends-词汇总表#debate\|debating]] a new [[Friends-词汇总表#deficit\|deficit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#reduction\|reduction]] bill... the [[Friends-词汇总表#mayor\|mayor]] wants to [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fare\|fares]] again... the high today was [[Friends-词汇总表#forty\|forty]]-five... and- oh, teams played sports.


> [!scene] Next is a shot of them dragging an enormous plant into the room, then Monica knitting a sweater, then Phoebe singing, then Phoebe shaving him and chatting to Monica

**Phoebe:** What about Glen? He could be a Glen.

**Monica:** Nah... not-not special enough.

**Phoebe:** Ooh! How about Agamemnon?

**Monica:** Waaay too special.


> [!scene] Scene: A Mexican Restaurant, Monica, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler and his mom are there.] Mrs. Bing: I am famished. What do I want... (Looks at Chandler's menu)

**Chandler:** Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken. Mrs. Bing: Oh, you watched the show! What'd you think?

**Chandler:** Well, I think you need to come out of your [[Friends-词汇总表#shell\|shell]] just a little.

**Ross:** *(Entering)* What is this [[Friends-词汇总表#dive\|dive]]? Only you could've picked this place. Mrs. Bing: Oooh, c'mon, [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up, it's fun. Gimme a [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]]. *(They both sit down)* Well, I think we're ready for some [[Friends-词汇总表#tequila\|tequila]].

**Chandler:** I know I am. Mrs. Bing: Who's doing shots?

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** I'm in. Mrs. Bing: There y'go. Ross?

**Ross:** Uh, I'm not really a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] drinking kinda guy.

*(Enter Rachel and Paolo. They are both somewhat flustered)*

**Rachel:** Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.

**Ross:** ...But a man can change. *(Downs a shot)*


> [!scene] Time lapse. Ross is now clearly drunk. He is holding up a shot glass to his eye like a jeweller's eye.

**Ross:** Anyone want me to [[Friends-词汇总表#appraise\|appraise]] anything?

*(Rachel feeds something to Paolo. He eats it and licks her hand)*

**Rachel:** Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writer]]. Mrs. Bing: Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a [[Friends-词汇总表#dozen\|dozen]] European cities, throw in [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#euphemism\|euphemisms]] for male [[Friends-词汇总表#genitalia\|genitalia]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#bam\|bam]]! You have got yourself a book.

**Chandler:** Myyy mother, ladies and [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]].


> [!scene] Cut to Mrs. Bing on the telephone.] Mrs. Bing: Yeah, any messages for room 226?

*(Ross emerges from a toilet marked 'Chicas') Mrs. Bing: You okay there, slugger?*

**Ross:** Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. *(A woman emerges from the toilet behind him and he tries to pretend he was in the other one)* Mrs. Bing: What is with you tonight?

**Ross:** Nothing. Nothing nothing nothing. Mrs. Bing: *(To phone)* Okay, thank you. *(To Ross)* It's the Italian Hand-Licker, isn't it.

**Ross:** No. It's the one he's [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licking]]. Mrs. Bing: She's supposed to be with you.

**Ross:** You're good. Mrs. Bing: Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?

**Ross:** The girl on the cover with her [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipples]] showing? Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]]-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a [[Friends-词汇总表#secondary\|secondary]] character, a, y'know, [[Friends-词汇总表#complication\|complication]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#eventually\|eventually]] kill off.

**Ross:** When? Mrs. Bing: He's not a [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]]. ...You know who our hero is.

**Ross:** The guy on the cover with his [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipples]] showing? Mrs. Bing: No, it's you!

**Ross:** Please. Mrs. Bing: No, really, c'mon. You're smart, you're sexy...

**Ross:** Right. Mrs. Bing: You are gonna be fine, believe me.

*(She kisses him on the cheek)*

**Ross:** Uh-oh...

*(...Then full on the mouth)*

*(Enter Joey)*

**Joey:** Uhhhh.... I'll just [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] in the street.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, the next morning. Joey is getting the door in his dressing gown—it's Ross.

**Ross:** Hey, is Chandler here?

**Joey:** Yeah.

*(Ross drags Joey into the hall and slams the door)*

**Ross:** Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... *(Joey shakes his head)* Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?

**Joey:** Right. No big deal.

**Ross:** Okay.

**Joey:** In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!

**Ross:** What code?

**Joey:** You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]]... but not a mom, never a mom!

*(Chandler opens the door and startles them. He picks up the paper)*

**Chandler:** What are you guys doing out here?

**Ross:** Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning [[Friends-词汇总表#racquetball\|racquetball]] game. But, um, apparently, somebody [[Friends-词汇总表#oversleep\|overslept]].

**Joey:** Yeah, well, you don't have your [[Friends-词汇总表#racket\|racket]].

**Ross:** No, no I don't, because it's being [[Friends-词汇总表#restrung\|restrung]], somebody was supposed to bring me one.

**Joey:** Yeah, well you didn't call and leave your [[Friends-词汇总表#grip\|grip]] size.

**Chandler:** Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. *(Goes back inside and shuts the door)*

**Ross:** Okay, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#scum\|scum]], I'm scum.

**Joey:** Ross, how could you let this happen?

**Ross:** I don't know, God, I... well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's...

**Joey:** You don't think my mom's sexy?

**Ross:** Well... not in the same way...

**Joey:** I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?

**Ross:** Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here...

*(Monica and Rachel's door opens and Rachel and Paolo emerge)*

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Rachel:** What're you guys doing out here?

**Ross:** Well, not playing raquetball!

**Joey:** He forgot to leave his [[Friends-词汇总表#grip\|grip]] size!

**Ross:** He didn't get the [[Friends-词汇总表#goggle\|goggles]]!

**Rachel:** Well,sounds like you two have issues.

*(She and Paolo walk a little way down the hall)*

**Rachel:** Goodbye, baby.

**Paolo:** Ciao, bela.

*(They kiss. Ross is watching them)*

**Ross:** Do they wait for me to do this?

*(Joey and Ross go into Monica and Rachel's apartment)*

**Joey:** So are you gonna tell him?

**Ross:** Why would I tell him?

**Joey:** How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.

**Ross:** Oh...

**Monica:** *(Entering)* What are you guys doing here?

**Joey:** Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a [[Friends-词汇总表#jockstrap\|jockstrap]]!

**Monica:** ...What did I ask?


> [!scene] Scene: Hospital. Phoebe is there stroking Coma Guy's hair, when Monica enters with a bunch of balloons.

**Monica:** Hi.

**Phoebe:** Hi.

**Monica:** What are you doing here?

**Phoebe:** Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?

**Monica:** I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?

**Phoebe:** No. *(Monica brushes Coma Guy's hair in the other direction)* No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?

**Monica:** How would I know? I-I wasn't here.

**Phoebe:** Really? Not even to, um, change his PAJAMAS?! *(Whips back the sheet to reveal him wearing new pajamas.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross is talking to Chandler. Joey is making a snack at the bar.

**Chandler:** Oh my God.

**Ross:** You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.

**Chandler:** I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?

**Ross:** Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... *(He has caught sight of Joey scowling at him)* I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.

**Chandler:** What?

**Ross:** I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much [[Friends-词汇总表#tequila\|tequila]], and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-

**Chandler:** *(To Joey)* You knew about this?

**Joey:** Uh... y'know, knowledge is a [[Friends-词汇总表#tricky\|tricky]] thing.

**Chandler:** I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!

**Joey:** Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.

**Ross:** Thanks, man, big help.

**Chandler:** *(To Ross)* I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?

**Ross:** I wasn't- I mean, I-

**Chandler:** Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] I go through with my mom more than you.

**Ross:** I know-

**Chandler:** I can't believe you did this. *(Walks toward the door)*

**Ross:** Chandler-

**Joey:** Me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]], y'know what-

**Chandler:** I'm still mad at you for not telling me.

**Joey:** What are you mad at me for?!

**Ross:** Chandler-

**Chandler:** You gotta let me [[Friends-词汇总表#slam\|slam]] the door! *(Leaves; slams the door)*

**Joey:** *(Shouting after him)* Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! *(To Ross)* See what happens when you break the code?

**Ross:** Joey-

**Joey:** Ah! *(Points to door)* Huh? *(Leaves and slams the door)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there except for Chandler.  Rachel is writing something and Monica walks up.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Monica:** *(Reading)* 'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.

**Rachel:** Yeah. Thought I'd give it a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]]. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be [[Friends-词汇总表#liberate\|liberated]] from its [[Friends-词汇总表#denim\|denim]] prison'?

**Monica:** *(Reads)* Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.

**Phoebe:** *(Walks up with her guitar)* Hey Rach.

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hello.

**Monica:** Hello.

**Phoebe:** Going to the hospital tonight?

**Monica:** No, you?

**Phoebe:** No, you?

**Monica:** You just asked me.

**Phoebe:** Okay, maybe it was a [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] question. *(Plays a few chords)* Um, Rachel can we do this now?

**Rachel:** Okay. *(Writes a little more)* I am so hot!

**Joey:** *(To Ross, on the couch)* Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a [[Friends-词汇总表#knockout\|knockout]].

**Ross:** I cannot believe we're having this [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]].

**Joey:** C'mon! Just try to picture her not [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]], that's all.

**Rachel:** *(Into microphone)* Central Perk is [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.

**Phoebe:** Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. *(Monica gives her a look)* 'Kay. *(Sung:)* You don't have to be [[Friends-词汇总表#awake\|awake]] to be my man, As long as you have [[Friends-词汇总表#brainwave\|brainwaves]] I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say...

*(She sees Monica sneaking out) Okay, thank you very much, I'm gonna take a short break! (Runs out, knocking over the mike stand)*

**Rachel:** *(Into mike)* Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo!

*(Enter Chandler)*

**Chandler:** What was that?

**Ross:** Oh, uh, Phoebe just started a...

**Chandler:** Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser?

*(Goes to the counter)*

**Joey:** *(Laughing)* Mother-Kisser... *(Sees Ross's look)* I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up.

**Ross:** Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]].

**Chandler:** Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]].

**Ross:** Okay, well, if she always [[Friends-词汇总表#behave\|behaves]] like this, why don't you say something?

**Chandler:** Because it's [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]], it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom!

*(People turn to look)*

**Ross:** *(To the rest of Central Perk)* We're [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearse\|rehearsing]] a Greek play.

**Chandler:** That's very funny. We done now?

**Ross:** No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?

**Chandler:** That would be no. Look, just because you played [[Friends-词汇总表#tonsil\|tonsil]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.

**Ross:** Okay, 'you' can't, or *(Points to Chandler)* you can't? *(Chandler grabs his finger)* Okay, that's my [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]]. *(Chandler twists it and Ross goes down on one knee)* That's, that's my [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]]. *(To Central Perk)* Still doing the play. Aaah!


> [!scene] Scene: The Coma Guy's Room, Monica bursts in, closely followed by Phoebe. There is no sign of Coma Guy.  His bed is empty.

**Phoebe:** Alright, whadyou do with him?

*(There is the sound of a flushing toilet and Coma Guy emerges from the bathroom)*

**Monica:** Oh! You're [[Friends-词汇总表#awake\|awake]]!

**Phoebe:** Look at you! How, how do you feel?

**Coma Guy:** Uh, a little woozy, but basically okay.

**Monica:** You look good!

**Coma Guy:** I feel good! ...Who are you?

**Monica:** Oh, sorry.

**Phoebe:** I'm Phoebe Buffay.

**Monica:** I'm Monica Geller. I've been taking care of you.

**Phoebe:** Well, we both have.

**Coma Guy:** So, the Etch-a-Sketch is from you guys?

**Phoebe:** Well, actually it's just from me.

**Monica:** I got you the foot [[Friends-词汇总表#massager\|massager]].

**Phoebe:** You know who [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shaved]] you? That was me.

**Monica:** I read to you.

**Phoebe:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sang]]. *(To Monica)* Hah!

**Coma Guy:** Well,... thanks.

**Monica:** Oh, my [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]].

**Phoebe:** You're welcome.

**Coma Guy:** So. I guess I'll see you around.

**Phoebe:** What, that's it?

**Monica:** "See you around?"

**Coma Guy:** Well, what do you want me to say?

**Monica:** Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, "That was nice?" Admit something to me? "I'll call you?"

**Coma Guy:** Alright, I'll call you.

**Phoebe:** I don't think you mean that.

**Monica:** This is so [[Friends-词汇总表#typical\|typical]]. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the [[Friends-词汇总表#coma\|coma]].


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's Chandler is talking with his mom.] Mrs. Bing: Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?

**Chandler:** No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough. Mrs. Bing: Alright, well, be good, I love you. *(Kisses him and goes to leave)*

**Chandler:** You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect. Mrs. Bing: *(Reentering)* O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.

**Chandler:** Really stupid. Mrs. Bing: Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?

**Chandler:** Yeah. No. No...


> [!scene] Cut to the hallway, Joey is listening to Chandler and his mom's conversation through the door as Ross walks up.

**Ross:** Ah, the [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbidden]] love of a man and his door.

**Joey:** Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.

**Ross:** You're kidding.

**Joey:** No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"

**Ross:** Wow!

**Joey:** Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#bomb\|bomb]]?"

**Ross:** 'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say "When are you gonna grow up and [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] I am your mom?"

**Joey:** That makes more sense.

**Ross:** So, what's going on now?

**Joey:** I dunno, I've been standing here [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spelling]] it out for you! *(Goes back to the door)* I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait. *(Looks through the spyhole)*

**Ross:** Whaddya see?

**Joey:** Hard to tell, they're so [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#upside\|upside]]-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run!

*(Joey runs off down the hall. Ross tries Monica and Rachel's apartment, but it is locked so he has to stand in the hall and pretend he wasn't listening. Chandler and his mom come out) Mrs. Bing: You okay, kiddo?*

**Chandler:** Yeah, okay. Mrs. Bing: Alright. *(Kisses him)*

**Chandler:** Nice save.

*(She walks down the hall)*

**Ross:** *(Very politely)* Mrs. Bing. Mrs. Bing: Mr. Geller.

*(She leaves)*

*(Ross knocks on Monica and Rachel's door)*

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Ross:** You mean that?

**Chandler:** Yeah, why not. *(They shake hands)* So I told her.

**Ross:** Yeah? How'd it go?

**Chandler:** Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.

**Ross:** Well, howdya feel?

**Chandler:** Pretty good! I told her.

**Ross:** Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? *(Wags his finger at Chandler, then puts it down)* But.. we don't have to go down that road.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is handing out copies of her book to the gang.

**Rachel:** Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your [[Friends-词汇总表#absolute\|absolute]] [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her [[Friends-词汇总表#heave\|heaving]] beasts'.

**Monica:** What's a 'niffle'?

**Joey:** You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.

**Rachel:** Alright, alright, so I'm not a great [[Friends-词汇总表#typist\|typist]]...

**Ross:** Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge [[Friends-词汇总表#throb\|throbbing]] pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!

**Rachel:** Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!

**All:** Nooo!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 24 | 155 | 54 | *Ah! Nora Bing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 18 | 308 | 105 | *C'mon, she's your mom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 5 | 219 | 100 | *Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell...  Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 3 | 130 | 71 | *I'm still mad at you for not telling me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect. Mrs. Bing:  O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 3 | 73 | 63 | *No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *No. It's the one he's licking. Mrs. Bing: She's supposed to be with you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 2 | 76 | 53 | *You're good. Mrs. Bing: Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, an* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 2 | 376 | 86 | *I'm Monica Geller. I've been taking care of you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Nice hat. Monica and Phoebe:  Thanks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *No way, forget it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, appa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together.* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's ea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Really stupid. Mrs. Bing: Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *You're kidding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.* |

### 常用词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 3 | 49 | 29 | *Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 2 | 22 | 18 | *I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] | /'θә:ti/ | num. 三十, 三十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and three | 2 | 34 | 18 | *Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 2 | 67 | 27 | *Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane witho* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 2 | 34 | 29 | *Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing:  ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 2 | 46 | 35 | *Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing:  ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 2 | 74 | 39 | *Shhh. Mrs. Bing:  ...I just get this craving for Kung Pow Chicken.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipple]] | /'nipl/ | n. 乳头, 奶头, 奶嘴 | n. the small projection of a mammary gland | 2 | 24 | 14 | *The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]] | /'hiәrәu/ | n. 英雄, 超越常人者, 男主角 | n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength | 2 | 16 | 12 | *When? Mrs. Bing: He's not a hero. ...You know who our hero is.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 2 | 44 | 29 | *Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 40 | 34 | *Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]] | /i'levn/ | num. 十一, 十一个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing:  ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I* |
| awww |  | n. 啊啊… |  | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Awww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fare* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] | /'sʌbwei/ | n. 地铁, 地道 | n an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a ci | 1 | 26 | 16 | *Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fare* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place. Mrs. Bing: Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. G* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 1 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place. Mrs. Bing: Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]] | /'midnait/ | n. 午夜, 子夜, 半夜 | n. 12 o'clock at night; the middle of the night | 1 | 16 | 10 | *Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] | /lik/ | n. 舔, 少许, 打 | n. touching with the tongue | 1 | 15 | 11 | *No. It's the one he's licking. Mrs. Bing: She's supposed to be with you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 60 | 37 | *You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] | /'hænsәm/ | a. 英俊的, 大方的, 慷慨的, 相当可观的, 美观的, 灵敏的 | s pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form an | 1 | 13 | 11 | *I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's ea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *Goodbye, baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Me neither, y'know what-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]] | /'prizn/ | n. 监狱, 监禁, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for p | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Okay, maybe it was a trick question.  Um, Rachel can we do this now?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *I cannot believe we're having this conversation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 1 | 118 | 49 | *C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.* |
| woo | /wu:/ | vt. 追求, 向...求爱, 恳求 | v. seek someone's favor | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Woo-woo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there wer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]] | /'naitmєә/ | n. 梦魇, 恶梦, 可怕的事物(或情景、人物) | n. a situation resembling a terrifying dream | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicate]] | /'kɒmplikeit/ | vt. 弄复杂, 使错综, 使恶化 | v. make more complicated | 1 | 25 | 21 | *Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Okay, 'you' can't, or  you can't?  Okay, that's my finger.  That's, that's my knee.  Still doing the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *Okay, 'you' can't, or  you can't?  Okay, that's my finger.  That's, that's my knee.  Still doing the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]] | /ʃeiv/ | n. 修面, 刮胡子, 幸免, 剃刀 | n. the act of removing hair with a razor | 1 | 16 | 15 | *You know who shaved you? That was me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *I sang.  Hah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Oh, my pleasure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, "That was nice?" Admit something to me? "I'll call you?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#typical\|typical]] | /'tipikl/ | a. 典型的, 象征性的 | a. exhibiting the qualities or characteristics that identify a group or kind or  | 1 | 15 | 11 | *This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! A* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.* |
| dunno | /dʌ'nәj/ | v. <口>(我)不知道 |  | 1 | 29 | 16 | *I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you!  I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you!  I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wa* |
| whaddya |  |  | Short for "What do you". | 1 | 17 | 10 | *Whaddya see?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking a* |

### 低频词（97）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| paolo | /'pɑ:ɔ:lɔ:/ | n. 保罗（男子名） | n. An old Italian silver coin, worth about ten cents. | 4 | 38 | 7 | *The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whistle\|whistle]] | /'hwisl/ | n. 口哨, 汽笛, 啸啸声, 口哨声 | n. the sound made by something moving rapidly or by steam coming out of a small  | 2 | 6 | 4 | *We should do something. Whistle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coma\|coma]] | /'kәumә/ | n. 昏迷, 麻木, 彗发 | n. a state of deep and often prolonged unconsciousness; usually the result of di | 2 | 9 | 6 | *I just wish there was something we could do.  Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP* |
| woowoo |  | [网络] 嗯；傻傻在等待会失败；渥然 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.* |
| bernie | /'bә:ni/ | n. 伯尼（男子名）；[俚]可卡因（等于cocaine） |  | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kung\|kung]] |  | n. 龚；宫（粤语姓氏） |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Shhh. Mrs. Bing:  ...I just get this craving for Kung Pow Chicken.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pow\|pow]] | /pau/ | n. 战俘 | n a person who surrenders to (or is taken by) the enemy in time of war | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Shhh. Mrs. Bing:  ...I just get this craving for Kung Pow Chicken.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glen\|glen]] | /glen/ | n. 峡谷, 幽谷 | n. a narrow secluded valley (in the mountains) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *What about Glen? He could be a Glen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tequila\|tequila]] | /tә'ki:lә/ | n. 蒸馏酒, 龙舌兰酒 | n. Mexican liquor made from fermented juices of an agave plant | 2 | 7 | 5 | *What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place. Mrs. Bing: Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. G* |
| uhhhh |  | [网络] 嗯；四个十六进制数字；四个十六进位数字 |  | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grip\|grip]] | /grip/ | n. 紧握, 柄, 握力, 握手方式, 手提包, 掌握, 支配, 控制 | n. the friction between a body and the surface on which it moves (as between an  | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, well you didn't call and leave your grip size.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scum\|scum]] | /skʌm/ | n. 浮渣, 糟粕, 浮藻, 熔渣, 不起好作用的人 | n. a film of impurities or vegetation that can form on the surface of a liquid | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Okay, I'm scum, I'm scum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awake\|awake]] | /ә'weik/ | a. 醒着的 | a. not in a state of sleep; completely conscious | 2 | 15 | 9 | *Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beast\|beast]] | /bi:st/ | n. 畜生, 动物, 野兽, 兽性 | n. a cruelly rapacious person | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horoscope\|horoscope]] | /'hɔrәskәup/ | n. 星占, 算命天宫图 | n. a prediction of someone's future based on the relative positions of the plane | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plunge\|plunge]] | /plʌndʒ/ | n. 钻进, 跳进, 跳水, 跳水池, 猛跌, 落下, 投入, 开始从事, 盲目投资 | n. a steep and rapid fall | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God.  Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pit\|pit]] | /pit/ | n. 深坑, 矿井, 果核, 地窖, 深渊, 绝境, 陷阱 | n. a sizeable hole (usually in the ground) | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh my God.  Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depression\|depression]] | /di'preʃәn/ | n. 不景气, 消沉, 沮丧, 洼地 | n. a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despo | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my God.  Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#momma\|momma]] |  | n. 妈咪 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Where?  Ooh, come to Momma.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scout\|scout]] | /skaut/ | n. 守候, 侦察, 搜索, 侦察员, 侦察机 | n. a Boy Scout or Girl Scout | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I just wish there was something we could do.  Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dent\|dent]] | /dent/ | n. 凹痕 | n. an appreciable consequence (especially a lessening) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knuckle\|knuckle]] | /'nʌkl/ | n. 指节, 蹄爪, 膝关节 | n. a joint of a finger when the fist is closed | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#artistic\|artistic]] | /ɑ:'tistik/ | a. 艺术的, 艺术家的, 富有艺术性的 | a. relating to or characteristic of art or artists | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sculpt\|sculpt]] | /skʌlpt/ | v. 雕刻, 造型 | v. create by shaping stone or wood or any other hard material | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conscious\|conscious]] | /'kɒnʃәs/ | a. 有意识的, 知觉的, 觉察的 | s. intentionally conceived | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#showtime\|showtime]] | /'ʃәutaim/ | n. 好戏上演；（电视等的）节目播放时间 | n the time at which something is supposed to begin | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.* |
| hbo |  | abbr. 家庭影院（Home Box Office）；美国家庭电影院 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.* |
| cinemax |  | [网络] 亚洲频道；电影频道；美国电影频道 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groin\|groin]] | /^rɔin/ | n. 腹股沟, 交叉拱 | n. the crease at the junction of the inner part of the thigh with the trunk toge | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blast\|blast]] | /blæst/ | n. 一阵风, 爆炸, 枯萎病 | n. a very long fly ball | 1 | 7 | 7 | *C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bona\|bona]] | /'bәunә/ | [法] 善良, 真诚 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Bona sera.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#serum\|serum]] | /'siәrәm/ | n. 浆液, 血清, 乳清 | n. an amber, watery fluid, rich in proteins, that separates out when blood coagu | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Bona sera.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rigatoni\|rigatoni]] | /,ri^ә'tәuni/ | [单复同]n.[食]波纹贝壳状通心粉 | n. tubular pasta in short ribbed pieces | 1 | 1 | 1 | *When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rome\|rome]] | /rәum/ | n. 罗马 | n. capital and largest city of Italy; on the Tiber; seat of the Roman Catholic C | 1 | 11 | 5 | *When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|explode]] | /ik'splәud/ | vi. 爆炸, 爆发, 激增 | v. cause to burst with a violent release of energy | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phew\|phew]] | /fju:/ | interj. 咳, 哦, 唷 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.* |
| nora | /'nɔ:rә/ | n. 诺拉（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ah! Nora Bing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrest]] | /ә'rest/ | n. 逮捕, 监禁 | n. the state of inactivity following an interruption | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Your mom was arrested?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beam\|beam]] | /bi:m/ | n. 横梁, 杆, 光线, 容光焕发 | n. long thick piece of wood or metal or concrete, etc., used in construction | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing:  ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] | /praid/ | n. 骄傲, 自尊心, 自豪, 精华, 勇气 | n. a feeling of self-respect and personal worth | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing:  ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasionally\|occasionally]] | /ә'keiʒәnli/ | adv. 有时候, 偶而 | r. now and then or here and there | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing:  ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intimate\|intimate]] | /'intimәt/ | a. 亲密的, 私人的, 秘密的 | v. give to understand | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing:  ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crave\|crave]] | /kreiv/ | v. 渴望, 热望, 恳求 | v. have a craving, appetite, or great desire for | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Shhh. Mrs. Bing:  ...I just get this craving for Kung Pow Chicken.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burst\|burst]] | /bә:st/ | n. 破裂, 突发, 爆发 | n. a sudden flurry of activity (often for no obvious reason) | 1 | 5 | 5 | *...And then he burst into flames.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flame\|flame]] | /fleim/ | n. 火焰, 火舌, 热情, 光辉 | v. be in flames or aflame | 1 | 8 | 8 | *...And then he burst into flames.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#debate\|debate]] | /di'beit/ | n. 辩论, 讨论 | n. the formal presentation of a stated proposition and the opposition to it (usu | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fare* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deficit\|deficit]] | /'defisit/ | n. 赤字, 不足额 | n. the property of being an amount by which something is less than expected or r | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fare* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reduction\|reduction]] | /ri'dʌkʃәn/ | n. 减少, 缩影, 变化 | n. any process in which electrons are added to an atom or ion (as by removing ox | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fare* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mayor\|mayor]] | /'mєә/ | n. 市长 | n. the head of a city government | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fare* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fare\|fare]] | /fєә/ | n. 费用, 旅客, 食物 | n. the sum charged for riding in a public conveyance | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fare* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#agamemnon\|agamemnon]] | /.ægә'memnәn/ | n. 阿伽门农(特洛伊战争中希腊统帅) | n. (Greek mythology) the king who lead the Greeks against Troy in the Trojan War | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh! How about Agamemnon?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shell\|shell]] | /ʃel/ | n. 贝壳, 壳, 外形, 炮弹 | n. ammunition consisting of a cylindrical metal casing containing an explosive c | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dive\|dive]] | /daiv/ | n. 潜水, 跳水 | n. a headlong plunge into water | 1 | 8 | 8 | *What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place. Mrs. Bing: Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appraise\|appraise]] | /ә'preiz/ | vt. 评价, 估价 | v evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Anyone want me to appraise anything?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#euphoria\|euphoria]] | /ju:'fɒ:riә/ | n. 兴奋, 陶醉, 陶醉感 | n. a feeling of great (usually exaggerated) elation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writer]] | /'raitә/ | n. 作家, 撰稿者, 抄写员 | n. writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay) | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dozen\|dozen]] | /'dʌzn/ | n. 打, 十二个 | n the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#euphemism\|euphemism]] | /'ju:fәmizm/ | n. 委婉说法, 委婉语 | n. an inoffensive or indirect expression that is substituted for one that is con | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genitalia\|genitalia]] | /dʒeni'teiliә/ | n. 生殖器, 外阴部 | n. external sex organ | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bam\|bam]] | /bæm/ | n. 欺骗, 哄骗 | n. an ancient city in southeastern Iran; destroyed by an earthquake in 2003 | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secondary\|secondary]] | /'sekәndәri/ | a. 中级的, 中等的, 次要的, 第二的, 从属的, 辅助的 | n. the defensive football players who line up behind the linemen | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complication\|complication]] | /.kɒmpli'keiʃәn/ | n. 复杂化, 复杂情况 | n. the act or process of complicating | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eventually\|eventually]] | /i'ventʃuәli/ | adv. 最后, 终于 | r after an unspecified period of time or an especially long delay | 1 | 6 | 6 | *The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bizarro\|bizarro]] | /bɪ'zɑːrəʊ/ | a. （俚语）怪异的, 奇怪的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#racquetball\|racquetball]] | /'rækitbɔ:l/ | n. [体]短网拍墙球,手球式墙球(比赛规则和场地都与有四面墙场地的墙手球相同,但击球用以皮带拴腕的短柄球拍,球较墙手球 | n. the ball used in playing the game of racquetball | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, appa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oversleep\|oversleep]] | /.әuvә'sli:p/ | v. (使)睡过头 | v. sleep longer than intended | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, appa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#racket\|racket]] | /'rækit/ | n. 球拍, 喧闹, 杂乱无章 | n. a loud and disturbing noise | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#restrung\|restrung]] | /ˌri:ˈstrʌŋ/ | v. 重新装弦( restring的过去式和过去分词 ) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.* |
| gloria | /'^lɔ:riә/ | n. 地质用远程斜向[指示]声纳（Geological LongLORIA Range Inclined [Indica | n. A doxology (beginning Gloria Patri, Glory be to the | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's ea* |
| raquetball |  | [网络] 壁球 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, not playing raquetball!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goggle\|goggle]] | /'gɒgl/ | n. 眼睛瞪视, 护目镜 | v. look with amazement; look stupidly | 1 | 6 | 4 | *He didn't get the goggles!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ciao\|ciao]] | /tʃau/ | int. （意）你好；再见（见面问候语或告别语） | n an acknowledgment that can be used to say hello or goodbye (aloha is Hawaiian  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ciao, bela.* |
| bela | /'beilә, belә, 'bilә/ | [医] 印度枸桔(芸香科) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ciao, bela.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jockstrap\|jockstrap]] | /'dʒɒkstræp/ | n. 下体弹力护身 | n a support for the genitals worn by men engaging in strenuous exercise | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pajama\|pajama]] | /pә'dʒɑ:mә,-'dʒæ-/ | n. 睡衣裤, 宽松裤 | n. a pair of loose trousers tied by a drawstring around the waist; worn by men a | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Really? Not even to, um, change his PAJAMAS?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tricky\|tricky]] | /'triki/ | a. 狡猾的, 机敏的 | s not to be trusted | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Uh... y'know, knowledge is a tricky thing.* |
| woulda |  | [网络] 意大利语 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slam\|slam]] | /slæm/ | n. 砰然声, 猛然, 猛烈的抨击 | n. winning all or all but one of the tricks in bridge | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You gotta let me slam the door!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#undo\|undo]] | /.ʌn'du:/ | vt. 解开, 取消, 破坏, 毁灭, 扰乱 | v. cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect | 1 | 8 | 6 | *'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#karen\|karen]] | /'kɑ:rәn/ | n. 凯伦（人名）；克伦邦（缅甸邦名） | n. the Tibeto-Burman language spoken in the Thailand and Burmese borderlands | 1 | 8 | 5 | *'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liberate\|liberate]] | /'libәreit/ | vt. 解放, 释放, 使自由 | v. grant freedom to | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#denim\|denim]] | /'denim/ | n. 斜纹粗棉布, 牛仔布, 劳动布, (非正式)工作服, 工装裤 | n. a coarse durable twill-weave cotton fabric | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knockout\|knockout]] | /'nɔ'kaut/ | n. (拳击)击倒对方, 被击倒, 击倒, (非正式)令人倾慕的人/物, 轰动的事物 | n. a blow that renders the opponent unconscious | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knoc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perk\|perk]] | /pә:k/ | vi. 昂首, 振作, 举止高傲, 神气活现, 滤煮 | n an incidental benefit awarded for certain types of employment (especially if i | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brainwave\|brainwave]] | /'breinweiv/ | n. 脑(电)波, 灵感 | n. (neurophysiology) rapid fluctuations of voltage between parts of the cerebral | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freudian\|freudian]] | /'frɒidiәn/ | a. 弗洛伊德的, 弗洛伊德学说的 | n. a person who follows the basic theories or practices of Sigmund Freud | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#behave\|behave]] | /bi'heiv/ | vi. 举止端正, 行为规矩 | v. behave in a certain manner | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearse\|rehearse]] | /ri'hә:s/ | vt. 预演, 排演, 使熟练掌握, 练习, 复述 | v. engage in a rehearsal (of) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *We're rehearsing a Greek play.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greek\|greek]] | /gri:k/ | n. 希腊人, 希腊语 | n. the Hellenic branch of the Indo-European family of languages | 1 | 6 | 5 | *We're rehearsing a Greek play.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tonsil\|tonsil]] | /'tɒnsl/ | n. 扁桃体 | n. either of two masses of lymphatic tissue one on each side of the oral pharynx | 1 | 3 | 3 | *That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] | /'tenis/ | n. 网球 | n. a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back and for | 1 | 12 | 8 | *That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her.* |
| aaah |  | abbr. American Association for the Advancement of the Humani |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Okay, 'you' can't, or  you can't?  Okay, that's my finger.  That's, that's my knee.  Still doing the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massager\|massager]] |  | n. 按摩师 | n. someone who rubs or kneads parts of the body to stimulate circulation and pro | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I got you the foot massager.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hah\|hah]] | /hɑ:/ | int. 哈, 嘿 | interj. Same as Ha. | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I sang.  Hah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbid]] | /fә'bid/ | vt. 禁止, 不准, 妨碍 | v. command against | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bomb\|bomb]] | /bɒm/ | n. 炸弹 | n. an explosive device fused to explode under specific conditions | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolute\|absolute]] | /'æbsәlu:t/ | a. 绝对的, 专制的, 完全的, 独立的 | n. something that is conceived or that exists independently and not in relation  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on pa* |
