---
season: 1
episode: "23"
title: "The One With the Birth"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S01E23 — The One With the Birth

*Story by: David Crane & Marta Kauffman*

*Teleplay by: Jeff Greenstein & Jeff Strauss*


> [!scene] Scene: The hospital, Ross, Rachel, Chandler, Joey, and Monica are in the waiting room, waiting for Carol and Susan to arrive.

**Ross:** She's not here yet. She's not here. She's having my baby and she's not here.

**Monica:** I'm sure everything's fine. Has her water broke yet?

**Ross:** I don't know, but when I [[Friends-词汇总表#spoke\|spoke]] to her, she said she had already passed the [[Friends-词汇总表#mucus\|mucus]] [[Friends-词汇总表#plug\|plug]].

*(Joey makes a sound of absolute disgust.)*

**Joey:** Do we have to know about that?

**Monica:** Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?

**Joey:** I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out [[Friends-词汇总表#cigar\|cigars]].

**Chandler:** Yes, Joey's made [[Friends-词汇总表#arrangement\|arrangements]] to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.

**Ross:** God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]].

**Rachel:** Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first [[Friends-词汇总表#contraction\|contraction]], and then [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cents]] for each additional contraction.

*(Everyone looks at Rachel as though she made a tasteless comment.)*

**Rachel:** What, it's ok when Chandler does it?

**Chandler:** You have to pick your moments.

*(Phoebe arrives, guitar in hand.)*

**Phoebe:** Did I miss it, did I miss it?

**Ross:** She's not even here yet.

**Monica:** What's with the guitar?

**Phoebe:** I just thought we might be here for [[Friends-词汇总表#awhile\|awhile]]. You know, things might get musical.

*(Carol and Susan arrive.)*

**Ross:** *(to Carol)* Where the hell have you been?

**Susan:** We stopped at the gift shop.

**Carol:** I was looking at stuffed animals, and Susan wanted a Chunky.

**Ross:** Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.

**Chandler:** I used to have that [[Friends-词汇总表#bumper\|bumper]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sticker\|sticker]].

*(Everyone is amused by Chandler's comment.)*

**Chandler:** *(to Rachel)* You see what I mean.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Carol's Hospital Room, Carol is on the bed, Ross and Susan are at her side.

**Ross:** Stopped for a Chunky.

**Carol:** Let it go, Ross.

**Susan:** I got an extra one. You want this? *(holds the candy in front of Ross' face)*

**Ross:** *(weakly)* No.

*(Carol's doctor, Dr. Franzblau arrives.) Dr. Franzblau: Hey, how's my favorite parenting team doing?*

**Ross:** Dr. Franzblau, hi. Dr. Franzblau: So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you're [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] months [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]. That's a good start. How you doing with your [[Friends-词汇总表#contraction\|contractions]]?

**Carol:** Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]].

**Susan:** They're every four minutes and last 55 seconds.

**Ross:** 59 seconds. *(holds up his watch)* Quartz, ha.

**Susan:** Swiss [[Friends-词汇总表#quartz\|quartz]], ha, ha.

**Carol:** Am I allowed to drink anything? Dr. Franzblau: Ice [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chips]], just ice chips. They're at the nurses' station.

**Ross:** I'll get it.

**Susan:** No, I'm getting it. I'll be right back.

**Ross:** I got it—I'm getting it!

*(They both leave just as Rachel enters the room, holding a cup.)*

**Rachel:** Hi, I thought you might like some ice [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chips]].

**Carol:** Thanks.

**Rachel:** And if you need anything else, I—*(notices the handsome Dr. Franzblau)*—do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]. Dr. Franzblau: It is nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Franzblau. I'm your roommate's... brother's... ex-wife's [[Friends-词汇总表#obstetrician\|obstetrician]].

**Rachel:** Oh, that's funny!


> [!scene] Scene: The Waiting Room, Chandler is falling asleep on Monica's shoulder.

**Monica:** I want a baby.

**Chandler:** Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.

**Monica:** Get up. Come on. Let's get some coffee.

**Chandler:** Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that.

*(Chandler and Monica leave. Cut to Joey, watching the Knicks/Celtics game on television.)*

**Joey:** *(to the screen)* Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too.

*(A young pregnant woman enters.)*

**Lydia:** Knick fan?

**Joey:** Oh, yeah.

**Lydia:** Oh, boy, do they suck.

**Joey:** Hey, listen, lady....*(sees that she's pregnant)*...whoa.

**Lydia:** Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]]. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.

**Joey:** Oh yeah? And who do you like?

**Lydia:** The Celtics.

**Joey:** The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?

**Lydia:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up. You know, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#rebuild\|rebuilding]] year. You... waah!

**Joey:** Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!

**Lydia:** There is no father.

**Joey:** Oh, oh, oh, sorry.

**Lydia:** Ok, that's ok. I'm fine. I'm... oh!

**Joey:** Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] women seem to be goin' in here.

**Lydia:** Ok.

*(Joey accompanies Lydia to a hospital room.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Waiting Room, Phoebe is playing a song. Chandler, Monica, and Ross are there as well.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* They're [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#chubby\|chubby]] and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and [[Friends-词汇总表#resent\|resent]] you so much. Now they're [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry...

*(Ross gives Phoebe a dollar.)*

**Phoebe:** Thanks, Ross.

**Ross:** Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.

**Phoebe:** Ok.

*(A woman passes by, carrying newborn twins.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, look, [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twins]]. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.

**Monica:** No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?

**Chandler:** You'll get one.

**Monica:** Oh yeah? When?

**Chandler:** All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?

**Monica:** Why won't I be married when I'm 40?

**Chandler:** Oh, no, no. I just meant [[Friends-词汇总表#hypothetically\|hypothetically]].

**Monica:** Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#hypothetically\|hypothetically]], why won't I be married when I'm 40?

**Chandler:** No, no, no.

**Monica:** What is it? Is there something [[Friends-词汇总表#fundamentally\|fundamentally]] unmarriable about me?

**Chandler:** *(trapped)* Uh, uh.

**Monica:** Well?

**Chandler:** Dear God! This [[Friends-词汇总表#parachute\|parachute]] is a [[Friends-词汇总表#knapsack\|knapsack]]! *(throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in)*

*(Rachel enters, in a formal dress.)*

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.

**Monica:** Did you go home and change?

**Rachel:** Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?

**Monica:** No, I haven't seen him.

**Rachel:** Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. *(Pause)* What if the baby needs him?

**Chandler:** Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?

**Rachel:** Yeah, why?

**Chandler:** No reason. *(turns around, makes an 'Oh my God' gesture with his eyes)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Lydia in the hospital room. Lydia is on the phone with her mother.

**Lydia:** Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]]. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. *(pause)* What do you mean, Joey who? *(covers the phone, to Joey)* Joey who?

**Joey:** Tribbiani.

**Lydia:** Joey Tribbiani. Yes, ok. Hold on. *(to Joey)* She wants to talk to you. Take the phone.

**Joey:** *(takes phone)* Hi, yeah, it's me. *(Listens)* Oh, no no no, we're just friends. *(Listens)* Yeah, I'm single. *(Listens)* 25. *(Listens)* An actor. *(Listens)* Hello?

**Lydia:** She's not much of a phone person.

**Joey:** Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]], I'd wanna know about it, you know?

**Lydia:** Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on [[Friends-词汇总表#fatherhood\|fatherhood]]? Uh, no.

**Joey:** Ok, look, maybe I should just go.

**Lydia:** Maybe you should.

**Joey:** Good luck, and uh, take care, huh?

*(He leaves, but then returns a moment later.)*

**Joey:** You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.

**Lydia:** Oh, that is so not true.

**Joey:** Oh, it is.

**Lydia:** It isn't.

**Joey:** It is.

**Lydia:** Isn't!


> [!scene] Scene: Carol's Hospital Room, Ross and Susan are coaching Carol.

**Ross:** Breathe.

**Susan:** Breathe.

**Ross:** Breathe.

**Susan:** Breathe.

**Ross:** Breathe.

**Susan:** Breathe.

**Carol:** You're gonna kill me!

**Ross:** 15 more seconds, 14, 13, 12...

**Carol:** Count [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]].

**Susan:** It's gonna be ok, just remember, we're doing this for Jordie. Just keep focusing on Jordie.

**Ross:** Who the hell is Jordie?

**Susan:** Your son.

**Ross:** No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.

**Carol:** Well, Jamie was the name of Susan's first girlfriend, so we went back to Jordie.

**Ross:** What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan [[Friends-词汇总表#fiasco\|fiasco]].

**Carol:** Ow, ow, ow, ow, [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cramp\|cramp]], leg cramp, leg cramp.

**Ross:** I got it.

**Susan:** I got it.

**Ross:** I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the [[Friends-词汇总表#cramp\|cramps]].

**Susan:** No, you don't.

**Carol:** All right, that's it. I want both of you out.

**Ross:** Why?

**Susan:** He started it!

**Ross:** No, you started it.

**Susan:** You did!

**Carol:** I don't care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and you're not making it any [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]].

**Ross:** But...

**Carol:** Now go!

**Ross:** *(to Susan)* Thanks a lot.

**Susan:** *(to Ross)* See what you did.

**Ross:** *(to Carol)* Yeah, listen...

**Carol:** Out!

*(Ross and Susan both angrily leave the hopsital room.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Lydia's Hospital Room, Joey is helping Lydia go through labor, a nurse is now present in her room as well.

**Nurse:** Breathe, [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]], breathe...

**Lydia:** Oh, no.

*(Joey looks down at Lydia.)*

**Joey:** Ew! What is that? Something [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|exploded]]!

**Nurse:** It's just her water breaking. Calm down, will you?

**Joey:** *(panicked)* Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?

**Nurse:** *(to Joey)* Breathe, [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]], breathe.


> [!scene] Scene: The Hall, Ross and Susan are arguing.

**Ross:** Please. This is so your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]].

**Susan:** How, how is this my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]?

**Ross:** Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.

**Susan:** Yeah? Well, there's a lot of things Carol never did before I came along.

**Ross:** You tryin' to be [[Friends-词汇总表#clever\|clever]]? A funny lady?

**Susan:** You know what your problem is? You're [[Friends-词汇总表#threaten\|threatened]] by me.

**Ross:** Oh, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#threaten\|threatened]] by you?

**Susan:** Yes.

*(Phoebe has heard them arguing and comes down the hall, taking them into a broom closet.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]] fighting [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noises]] are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]], just stop it!

**Ross:** Yeah, Susan.

**Phoebe:** Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.

*(Phoebe goes to leave the room, but the door is locked.)*

**Phoebe:** Ok, who wants to hear something [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]]?


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Broom Closet, Ross and Susan are trying to get out.

**All:** Help!

**Ross:** I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back. *(Walks backwards as if he is going to break down the door, but steps in a bucket and falls)* Ow.


> [!scene] Scene: Carol's room, Rachel and Dr. Franzblau are there with her.

**Carol:** Are they here yet?

**Rachel:** No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?

**Carol:** Ok.

**Rachel:** Ok?

**Carol:** Ok.

**Rachel:** *(to Dr. Franzblau)* Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinating]]. Dr. Franzblau: It really was. There was this great little [[Friends-词汇总表#pastry\|pastry]] shop right by my hotel. *(Carol sits up in pain, Rachel and Dr. Franzblau casually lay her back down)* There you go, [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]].


> [!scene] Scene: Lydia's Room, Joey is helping her deliver.

**Joey:** Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] 'em out, [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]], harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's— *(notices the nurse looking at him strangely)* I was just—yeah, right. Push! Push!


> [!scene] Scene: The Broom Closet, Ross has picked up a vacuum and is holding it at the door.

**Susan:** What're you gonna do, suck the door open?

**Ross:** Help! Help!

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next...*(sees Ross and Susan staring at her)* la la la la la la. Susan and Ross: *(even louder)* Help!


> [!scene] Scene: The Waiting Room, Monica is on the phone with her mother, Chandler is standing behind her.

**Monica:** Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. *(Listens)* Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. *(Listens)* No, he's gone. *(Listens)* No no, you don't have to [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] back, really. *(Listens)* What do you mean this might be your only chance?

*(Listens) Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet.*

*(Monica sees a woman pass by with a baby, puts the phone to her chest, and starts to cry. Chandler takes the phone, makes a noise in it resembling static, and hangs up. Joey enters.)*

**Chandler:** Where have you been?

**Joey:** Oh, just had a baby.

**Chandler:** Mazel tov!


> [!scene] Scene: The Waiting Room, Rachel and Dr. Franzblau have gone to get coffee.] Dr. Franzblau: I don't know, could be an hour, could be three, but relax, she's doing great. So, uh, tell me, are you currently involved with anyone?

**Rachel:** *(anxiously)* No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you? Dr. Franzblau: No, it's hard enough to get women to go out with me.

**Rachel:** Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors. Dr. Franzblau: No, no, really. I suppose it's because I spend so much time, you know, where I do.

**Rachel:** Oh. Dr. Franzblau: I try not to let my work [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for [[Friends-词汇总表#instance\|instance]], what do you do?

**Rachel:** I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]]. Dr. Franzblau: Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...

**Rachel:** *(getting the point)* Yeah. Gotcha. Dr. Franzblau: I'm gonna go check up on your friend.

**Rachel:** Ok. That's fine. *(takes her earrings out)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Hall Outside Lydia's Room, Joey is walking up to Lydia's room with balloons, but before he enters he sees that the baby's father has arrived. He listens at the door.

**Lydia:** So how did you know I was even here?

**Guy:** Your mom called me. So is this her?

**Lydia:** No, this is a [[Friends-词汇总表#loaner\|loaner]].

**Guy:** I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.

**Lydia:** I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]], and a [[Friends-词汇总表#helper\|helper]] guy. *(Joey smiles)* So, did you see who won the game?

**Guy:** Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.

**Lydia:** Yeah, they're not so bad.

*(Joey closes the door and ties the balloons to the knob. Then he walks away, holding the hand of an inflated balloon animal he had brought.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Broom Closet, Ross is trying to open the door with a credit card, with no success.

**Ross:** Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. *(to Susan)* This is all your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. This is supposed to be, like, the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] with you.

**Susan:** The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.

**Ross:** No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?

**Susan:** You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.

**Ross:** Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.

**Phoebe:** This is so great.

**Ross:** You wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] that?

**Phoebe:** I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my [[Friends-词汇总表#stepfather\|stepfather]] went to [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]], so I [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the [[Friends-词汇总表#luckiest\|luckiest]] baby in the whole world. *(pause)* I'm sorry, you were fighting.


> [!scene] Scene: Carol's Room, she is ready to give birth. Everyone is there except for Phoebe, Ross, and Susan, who are in the broom closet.

**Carol:** Where are they?

**Monica:** I'm sure they'll be here soon.

**Rachel:** Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.

**Joey:** Relax. You're only at [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] [[Friends-词汇总表#centimeter\|centimeters]]. And the baby's at [[Friends-词汇总表#zero\|zero]] station.

**Chandler:** *(to Joey)* You are really [[Friends-词汇总表#frighten\|frightening]] me.

*(Carol suddenly screams in pain and grabs Chandler by the shirt.)*

**Chandler:** Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] out my heart. *(they pull her hand off of him)* Uh, that's great. *(looking around)* Anybody seen a [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipple]]? Dr. Franzblau: All right, ten [[Friends-词汇总表#centimeter\|centimeters]], here we go.

**Nurse:** All right, honey, time to start [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]].

**Carol:** But they're not here yet! Dr. Franzblau: I'm sorry, I can't tell the baby to wait for them.

**Carol:** Oh, god.


> [!scene] Scene: The Broom Closet, Ross has used a broom to open the air vent in the ceiling. Phoebe is wearing a janitor's uniform, ready to go up in the vent.

**Ross:** Ok, got the [[Friends-词汇总表#vent\|vent]] open.

**Phoebe:** *(reading the nametag on the uniform)* Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital [[Friends-词汇总表#worker\|worker]] Ben. It's Ben... to the [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescue]]!

**Ross:** Ben, you ready? All right, gimme your foot. Ok, on three, Ben. One, two, three. Ok, That's it, Ben.

*(Ross and Susan lift Phoebe up into the vent.)*

**Susan:** What do you see?

**Phoebe:** Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark [[Friends-词汇总表#vent\|vent]]. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.

*(A janitor opens the closet door from the outside.)*

**Ross:** Phoebs, It's open! It's open!

*(Ross and Susan run to the delivery room, leaving Phoebe dangling from the vent.)*

**Janitor:** *(to Ross and Susan)* Wait! You forgot your [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Carol's Room, Ross and Susan rush in.

**All:** Push, [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]]!

**Ross:** We're here!

**Carol:** *(irked)* Where have you been?

**Ross:** Long story, honey. Dr. Franzblau: All right, Carol, I need you to keep [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]]. I need—*(reaches for an instrument, Rachel's hand is on it)* Excuse me, could I have this?

**Nurse:** All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-[[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] or a lesbian life partner, out you go!

**All:** Good luck!

*(Everyone heads for the door.)*

**Chandler:** *(to nurse)* Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?

**Nurse:** Out! Dr. Franzblau: All right, he's [[Friends-词汇总表#crown\|crowning]]. Here he comes.

**Ross:** Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?

**Carol:** *(straining)* Not.... helping! Dr. Franzblau: You're doing great, you're doing fine.

**Ross:** *(puts his head near the baby)* Hello! *(to Dr. Franzblau)* Oh, sorry.

**Susan:** What do you see? What do you see?

**Ross:** We got a head, we got [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulders]], we got [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]], we got, oh, look at the little [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]], oh, and a [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]], and a [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]]. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]], [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knees]], and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.

**Susan:** Oh, look at that.

**Carol:** What does he look like?

**Ross:** Kinda like my [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] Ed, covered in Jell-o.

**Carol:** Really?

**Phoebe:** *(from the air vent overhead)* You guys, he's beautiful!

**Ross:** Oh, thanks, Pheebs!

*(They look up towards the vent and wave at Phoebe.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Delivery Room, Carol is holding the infant.

**Susan:** No [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shouting]], but we still need a name for this little guy.

**Ross:** *(thinking)* How 'bout Ben?

**Susan:** I like Ben.

**Carol:** Ben. Ben. Ben's good. How come you never [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mentioned]] Ben before?

**Ross:** We uh, we just [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooked]] it up.

**Susan:** That's what we were off doing.

*(Monica opens the door.)*

**Monica:** Hi.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Monica:** Can we come in?

*(The whole gang enters.)*

**Ross:** *(to Ben)* I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.

**Phoebe:** Susan, he looks just like you.

**Susan:** Thanks.

**Rachel:** Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.

**Chandler:** I know, I still am one of these.

**Monica:** Ross, can I?

*(Monica holds Ben.)*

**Ross:** The head, the head. You gotta...

**Monica:** *(getting choked up)* Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]].


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Hospital, the camera is placed as though it were Ben's eyes.

**Ross:** Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. *(walks out of the picture)* But I'll still always come back, like this.

*(returns) And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. (walks away) But I'll still always come back, like this. (returns)*

*(Chandler comes into the picture.)*

**Chandler:** And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this.

*(Does a baseball sign.)*

*(The rest of the group come into the picture.)*

**Monica:** He is so amazing.

**Rachel:** Oh, I know. Look at him.

**Joey:** Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.

**Phoebe:** Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. *(screen goes blank)* Look, he's opening his eyes. *(picture comes back)*

**Joey:** He doesn't do much, does he?

**Ross:** No, this is pretty much it.

*(long moment of silence)*

**Rachel:** You guys wanna get some coffee?

**All:** Yeah.

**Ross:** All right, I'll see you guys later.

*(They all leave but Ross, but they all come back a few seconds later. They make faces at the baby.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again.

*(The screen fades to black.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（32）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 6 | 101 | 68 | *They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 4 | 88 | 68 | *Oh, boy, do they suck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 3 | 186 | 106 | *Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 3 | 422 | 131 | *All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 3 | 308 | 105 | *Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a je* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 3 | 102 | 59 | *Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. The* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 2 | 92 | 67 | *Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Where the hell have you been?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *Hey, listen, lady.......whoa.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here.  What if the baby needs him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 2 | 110 | 60 | *Tribbiani.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 2 | 116 | 69 | *Good luck, and uh, take care, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Am I allowed to drink anything? Dr. Franzblau: Ice chips, just ice chips. They're at the nurses' sta* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *And if you need anything else, I——do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a je* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Hi, yeah, it's me.  Oh, no no no, we're just friends.  Yeah, I'm single.  25.  An actor.  Hello?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *You're gonna kill me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Well, Jamie was the name of Susan's first girlfriend, so we went back to Jordie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the cramps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors. Dr. Franzblau: No, no, really. I suppose it's becau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit.  This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Wait! You forgot your legs!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Long story, honey. Dr. Franzblau: All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need— Excuse me, c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a ches* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *He is so amazing.* |

### 常用词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]] | /bri:ð/ | vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语 | v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs | 12 | 37 | 18 | *Breathe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 9 | 68 | 35 | *Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 4 | 54 | 42 | *Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too.* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 4 | 52 | 40 | *Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit.  This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 3 | 58 | 39 | *Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 3 | 81 | 49 | *Please. This is so your fault.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 2 | 32 | 24 | *Dr. Franzblau, hi. Dr. Franzblau: So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 2 | 118 | 49 | *Dr. Franzblau, hi. Dr. Franzblau: So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 2 | 79 | 44 | *And if you need anything else, I——do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 2 | 43 | 30 | *Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 2 | 47 | 36 | *They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 2 | 53 | 40 | *Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tryin\|tryin]] |  | vi. 设法；试着 |  | 2 | 13 | 11 | *You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 2 | 29 | 25 | *Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 2 | 27 | 22 | *You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 2 | 60 | 37 | *Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] | /'fifti/ | num. 五十, 五十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and five | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cent]] | /sent/ | n. 分 | n. a fractional monetary unit of several countries | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]] | /'ju:tәrәs/ | n. 子宫 | n. a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the develop | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my uterus.* |
| mmmm |  | abbr. multiunit network management and maintenance message 多 |  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 1 | 56 | 32 | *Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 59 | 24 | *Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a je* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#havin\|havin]] |  | n. (Havin)人名；(挪)哈温 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]] |  | [计] 加快 | a acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Count faster.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *I don't care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and you're not making it any easier.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *It's just her water breaking. Calm down, will you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 1 | 40 | 26 | *Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. The* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really.  Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other plac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 1 | 35 | 21 | *I'm a waitress. Dr. Franzblau: Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Yeah. Gotcha. Dr. Franzblau: I'm gonna go check up on your friend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 1 | 38 | 14 | *Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit.  This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] | /'klɒzit/ | n. 壁橱, 小室 | n. a small private room for study or prayer | 1 | 32 | 20 | *Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit.  This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *You wanna explain that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] | /rip/ | n. 裂痕, 破绽, 拉裂, 浪子, 巨浪 | n. an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart.  Uh, that's great.  Anybody seen a nipple? Dr. F* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipple]] | /'nipl/ | n. 乳头, 奶头, 奶嘴 | n. the small projection of a mammary gland | 1 | 24 | 14 | *Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart.  Uh, that's great.  Anybody seen a nipple? Dr. F* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 1 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 1 | 15 | 11 | *We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a ches* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a ches* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a ches* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] | /tʃest/ | n. 胸, 胸部, 衣柜, 箱子 | n. box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy | 1 | 14 | 12 | *We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a ches* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] | /'stʌmәk/ | n. 胃, 食欲, 欲望, 肚子 | n. an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal | 1 | 18 | 13 | *We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a ches* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a ches* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jell-o.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shout]] | /ʃaut/ | n. 呼喊, 喊声 | v. utter in a loud voice; talk in a loud voice (usually denoting characteristic  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *No shouting, but we still need a name for this little guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Ben. Ben. Ben's good. How come you never mentioned Ben before?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *We uh, we just cooked it up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]] | /gʌm/ | n. 树胶, 橡皮, 橡皮糖, 牙床, 老天 | n. any of various substances (soluble in water) that exude from certain plants;  | 1 | 22 | 15 | *Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.* |

### 低频词（58）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| jordie |  | [网络] 到底是谁；乔迪 |  | 7 | 7 | 1 | *It's gonna be ok, just remember, we're doing this for Jordie. Just keep focusing on Jordie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chunky\|chunky]] | /'tʃʌŋki/ | a. 矮矮胖胖的 | s. like or containing small sticky lumps | 3 | 3 | 1 | *I was looking at stuffed animals, and Susan wanted a Chunky.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celtic\|celtic]] | /'keltik; 'seltik/ | a. 凯尔特族的, 凯尔特语的 | n. a branch of the Indo-European languages that (judging from inscriptions and p | 3 | 4 | 2 | *The Celtics.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cramp\|cramp]] | /kræmp/ | n. 痉挛, 腹部绞痛, 铁夹钳 | n. a clamp for holding pieces of wood together while they are glued | 3 | 7 | 4 | *Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vent\|vent]] | /vent/ | n. 排气口, 出口, 通风孔, 发泄 | n. a hole for the escape of gas or air | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Ok, got the vent open.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contraction\|contraction]] | /kәn'trækʃәn/ | n. 收缩, 缩写式, 害病 | n. (physiology) a shortening or tensing of a part or organ (especially of a musc | 2 | 13 | 5 | *Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quartz\|quartz]] | /kwɒ:ts/ | n. 石英 | n. a hard glossy mineral consisting of silicon dioxide in crystal form; present  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *59 seconds.  Quartz, ha.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knick\|knick]] |  | n. 科尼克（德国公司名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Knick fan?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hypothetically\|hypothetically]] | /ˌhaɪpə'θetɪklɪ/ | adv. 假设地, 假想地 | r. by hypothesis | 2 | 7 | 4 | *Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.* |
| jamie |  | n. 杰米（男子名） |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#threaten\|threaten]] | /'θretn/ | vt. 恐吓, 威胁, 预示...的凶兆 | v. to utter intentions of injury or punishment against:"He threatened me when I  | 2 | 6 | 5 | *You know what your problem is? You're threatened by me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#centimeter\|centimeter]] | /'sentimi:tә/ | n. 厘米 | n. a metric unit of length equal to one hundredth of a meter | 2 | 7 | 2 | *Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mucus\|mucus]] | /'mju:kәs/ | n. 粘液 | n. protective secretion of the mucus membranes; in the gut it lubricates the pas | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plug\|plug]] | /plʌg/ | n. 塞子, 栓, 插头 | n. blockage consisting of an object designed to fill a hole tightly | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.* |
| waitin |  | [网络] 林玮亭；我一直在等待 |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigar\|cigar]] | /si'gɑ:/ | n. 雪茄 | n. a roll of tobacco for smoking | 1 | 5 | 4 | *I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrangement\|arrangement]] | /ә'reindʒmәnt/ | n. 排列, 整齐, 安排 | n. an orderly grouping (of things or persons) considered as a unit; the result o | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awhile\|awhile]] | /ә'hwail/ | adv. 片刻, 一会儿 | r. for a short time | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bumper\|bumper]] | /'bʌmpә/ | n. 缓冲器, 满杯 | n. a glass filled to the brim (especially as a toast) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I used to have that bumper sticker.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sticker\|sticker]] | /'stikә/ | n. 屠夫, 尖刀, 刺, 芒, 尖物, 携带尖刀者, 张贴物, 滞销品, (非正式)难题 | n a small sharp-pointed tip resembling a spike on a stem or leaf | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I used to have that bumper sticker.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swiss\|swiss]] | /swis/ | n. 瑞士人, 瑞士腔调 | n. the natives or inhabitants of Switzerland | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Swiss quartz, ha, ha.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]] | /nә:s/ | n. 护士, 保姆, 奶妈 | n. one skilled in caring for young children or the sick (usually under the super | 1 | 24 | 9 | *Am I allowed to drink anything? Dr. Franzblau: Ice chips, just ice chips. They're at the nurses' sta* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obstetrician\|obstetrician]] | /.ɒbste'triʃәn/ | n. 产科医师 | n. a physician specializing in obstetrics | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And if you need anything else, I——do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's..* |
| ewing |  | n. 尤因（男子名）；尤英（美国新泽西州西部一县属区）；尤文氏肉瘤 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rebuild\|rebuild]] | /ri'bild/ | vt. 改建, 重建, 改造 | v. build again | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, shut up. You know, it's a rebuilding year. You... waah!* |
| waah |  | [网络] 小窗口 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, shut up. You know, it's a rebuilding year. You... waah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chubby\|chubby]] | /'tʃʌbi/ | a. 圆胖的 | s. sufficiently fat so as to have a pleasing fullness of figure; | 1 | 5 | 4 | *They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resent\|resent]] | /ri'zent/ | vt. 愤恨, 憎恶, 怨恨 | v. feel bitter or indignant about | 1 | 1 | 1 | *They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fundamentally\|fundamentally]] | /fʌndә'mentәli/ | adv. 基础, 首要, 主要, 十分重要, 基本, 根本, 原始, 基频, 基音, 基谐波 | r in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?* |
| unmarriable |  | [网络] 不可战胜 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#parachute\|parachute]] | /'pærәʃu:t/ | n. 降落伞 | n. rescue equipment consisting of a device that fills with air and retards your  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knapsack\|knapsack]] | /'næpsæk/ | n. 背包 | n a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fatherhood\|fatherhood]] | /'fɑ:ðәhud/ | n. 父亲的身分, 父性, 父权, 父道 | n. the kinship relation between an offspring and the father | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.* |
| jessy |  | n. 杰西（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just pas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cody\|cody]] | /'kәudi/ | n. 科迪（姓氏） | n. United States showman famous for his Wild West Show (1846-1917) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just pas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dylan\|dylan]] |  | n. 狄伦（男子名） | n. United States songwriter noted for his protest songs (born in 1941) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just pas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fiasco\|fiasco]] | /fi'æskәu/ | n. 惨败, 大失败 | n a sudden and violent collapse | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just pas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|explode]] | /ik'splәud/ | vi. 爆炸, 爆发, 激增 | v. cause to burst with a violent release of energy | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Ew! What is that? Something exploded!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clever\|clever]] | /'klevә/ | a. 聪明的, 精明的 | s. showing inventiveness and skill | 1 | 9 | 8 | *You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]] | /'negәtiv/ | n. 否定, 否定语, 负数, 底片 | n. a reply of denial | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. The* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]] | /aiә'rɔnik/ | a. 冷嘲的, 挖苦的, 反话的, 讽刺的, 令人啼笑皆非的, 出乎意料的 | s. characterized by often poignant difference or incongruity between what is exp | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Ok, who wants to hear something ironic?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinate]] | /'fæsineit/ | vt. 令人入神, 使着迷 | v. to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating. Dr. Franzblau: It really was.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pastry\|pastry]] | /'peistri/ | n. 油酥点心, 面粉糕饼 | n. a dough of flour and water and shortening | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating. Dr. Franzblau: It really was.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lydia\|lydia]] | /'lidiә/ | n. 吕底亚(小亚细亚古国) | n. an ancient region on the coast of western Asia Minor; a powerful kingdom unti | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mazel\|mazel]] | /'mɑ:zәl/ | n. 运气 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Mazel tov!* |
| tov |  | abbr. 有效期（Time of Validity）；总监测量（Total Observed Volume）；总需氧量 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Mazel tov!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] | /ә'fekt/ | vt. 影响, 感动, 假装, 模仿, 爱好, 倾向于 | n. the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Oh. Dr. Franzblau: I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instance\|instance]] | /'instәns/ | n. 建议, 情况, 例子, 场合 | n an occurrence of something | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh. Dr. Franzblau: I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loaner\|loaner]] | /'lәunә/ | n. 借出者, 债权人 | n. a car that is lent as a replacement for one that is under repair | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, this is a loaner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helper\|helper]] | /'helpә/ | n. 帮忙者, 有益的东西 | n a person who contributes to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an eff | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy.  So, did you see who won the game?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stepfather\|stepfather]] | /'step,fɑ:ðә/ | n. 继父 | n. the husband of your mother by a subsequent marriage | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]] | /dʒeil/ | n. 监牢, 监狱, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custo | 1 | 10 | 7 | *I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luckiest\|luckiest]] |  | 幸运的（lucky的最高级） | s occurring by chance | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zero\|zero]] | /'ziәrәu/ | n. 零, 零点, 零度, 无, 乌有, 最低点 | n. a mathematical element that when added to another number yields the same numb | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frighten\|frighten]] | /'fraitn/ | vt. 使惊吓 | v. cause fear in | 1 | 8 | 7 | *You are really frightening me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worker\|worker]] | /'wә:kә/ | n. 工人, 劳动者 | n. a person who works at a specific occupation | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescue]] | /'reskju:/ | n. 援救, 解救, 营救 | n. recovery or preservation from loss or danger | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crown\|crown]] | /kraun/ | n. 王冠, 王权, 顶点 | n. the Crown (or the reigning monarch) as the symbol of the power and authority  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Out! Dr. Franzblau: All right, he's crowning. Here he comes.* |
