---
season: 2
episode: "21"
title: "The One With the Two Bullies"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E21 — The One With the Two Bullies


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Everyone is there. Monica is watching stock prices on a business channel.

**Joey:** Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?

**Monica:** 'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.

**Rachel:** Ok honey, you really need a job.

**Ross:** Mon, speaking of which, dad says he knows someone you can call for an interview.

**Monica:** Really.

**Phoebe:** Ok, right there. That, that's the third sign today. Right there.

**Ross:** On [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.

**Phoebe:** No, 'cause you just said dad and [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a [[Friends-词汇总表#buffet\|buffet]]...which is my father's last name.

**Everyone:** Ahh.

**Phoebe:** And they were serving franks which is his first name [[Friends-词汇总表#minus\|minus]] the s at the end. And there was a [[Friends-词汇总表#rotisserie\|rotisserie]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spinning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]].

**Monica:** His indian name?

**Phoebe:** No because I [[Friends-词汇总表#chickened\|chickened]] out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean [[Friends-词汇总表#coincidence\|coincidences]]? I don't think so.

**Ross:** Freakish.

**Monica:** Wow.

**Joey:** Freaky.

**Monica:** Weird, weird.

**Rachel:** Ok, so uh, who wants the last [[Friends-词汇总表#hamburger\|hamburger]]?

**Phoebe:** Oh, alright, that's it, now I have to go see him.

**Monica:** Why?

**Phoebe:** Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a [[Friends-词汇总表#pharmacist\|pharmacist]]. OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Ross enter in sweats carrying rackets.

**Chandler:** Man, I am so [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]].

**Ross:** Oh yeah.

**Chandler:** Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here?

**Ross:** Yeah alright.


> [!scene] they sit at the couch] BIG BULLY: [walks back from the counter] Hey you're in our seats.

**Ross:** Oh, sorry we didn't know. LITTLE BULLY: [walks back from the counter] Hey, we were sitting there.

**Chandler:** Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it? LITTLE BULLY: Is that supposed to be funny?

**Chandler:** No actually, I was just going for [[Friends-词汇总表#colorful\|colorful]]. BIG BULLY: What's with this guy? LITTLE BULLY: What's with you?

**Ross:** Uh, nothing, nothing's with him. Enjoy your coffee.


> [!scene] as they're walking off, little bully grabs Chandlers hat from behind and puts it on himself

**Chandler:** What just happened? LITTLE BULLY: I just took your hat. See, I can be funny too. My, my joke is that I, I took your hat.

**Chandler:** That, that is funny. Can I have it back? LITTLE BULLY: No.

**Chandler:** No? BIG BULLY: No.

**Ross:** Ok, ok, you know what? I think you're very funny. Kudos on that hat joke. But, come on guy just, just give him back the hat. BIG BULLY: Why should we?

**Ross:** Because it's a special hat. [Chandler looks at Ross funny] See he bought it 'cause he was [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] really down one day so he got the hat to [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] himself up, ya know. Now Chandler...

**Chandler:** Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat? BIG BULLY: You got a problem with that?

**Chandler:** No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Joey and Rachel are sitting there and Monica walks in.

**Rachel:** Hey, how'd the interview go?

**Monica:** It [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] in a [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] and dance on the counter. I mean I was a [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?

**Rachel:** So don't do it.

**Monica:** How can I not do it? I have $127 in the bank.

**Joey:** Monica, relax, go get a [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]].

**Monica:** I don't want a [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]].

**Joey:** Who said it was for you? ROSS and CHANDLER: [both enter looking down] Hhhiiii.

**Rachel:** What's the matter with you?

**Chandler:** The mean guys at the coffee house took my hat.

**Rachel:** Noo.

**Joey:** You're kiddin'.

**Ross:** It was [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]. Ya know, these guys, they were [[Friends-词汇总表#bully\|bullies]], actual bullies, ya know.  We're grown ups, this kinda stuff isn't supposed to happen anymore.

**Rachel:** Oohhh.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi. [Ross turns to Rachel and they [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]]]

**Chandler:** Ohhh [turns as if to [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] someone] Oh no, wait a minute, I have no one.

**Joey:** Hey, woah, let's go down there and get your hat back.

**Chandler:** Na, forget it, it's probably [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|stripped]] and sold for parts by now.

**Monica:** [seeing TV] Hey, I went up.

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had [[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invested]] my $127 in myself yesterday that I'd like have...a lot more than that today. Ya know what, I'm gonna do it.

**Joey:** Do what?

**Monica:** Put all my money in me.

**Rachel:** Monica, what are you talking about? You don't know the first thing about the stock market.

**Monica:** What's to know? Buy sell, high low, bears [[Friends-词汇总表#bull\|bulls]]...[on the phone] Yes Manhattan...yeah telephone number of the stock...selling store.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's dad's house. Phoebe pulls up in the cab with Rachel and Joey in the back.


> [!scene] Phoebe slams on the breaks. Joey and Rachel are thrown forward into the pillows in their laps.

**Joey:** See, didn't I tell ya these [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillows]] would be a good idea?

**Phoebe:** Oh God, here we go. For the first time in my life I'm gonna say 'Hi birthfather'.

**Rachel:** We love you, we're here for you.

**Joey:** Yeah good luck, good luck.

**Phoebe:** Thanks. [gets out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]]]

**Joey:** Hey Rach, you uh, you want some [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]?

**Rachel:** Ohh, what is in that?

**Joey:** Olive [[Friends-词汇总表#loaf\|loaf]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#ham\|ham]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]], no [[Friends-词汇总表#mayo\|mayo]].

**Rachel:** No no, 'cause [[Friends-词汇总表#mayo\|mayo]], that would make it [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]].

**Phoebe:** [a little dog starts attacking her [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]]] Hey, hey, no, oh oh.

**Rachel:** Run Phoebe run.

**Phoebe:** No no no, [[Friends-词汇总表#doggie\|doggie]] please. Oh, I do so wanna love all animals, please no.

**Joey:** Get him a [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]], get a bone. You gotta bone?

**Rachel:** Are you kidding me?

**Phoebe:** Look [[Friends-词汇总表#kibble\|kibbles]], bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] you yippity piece of [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]. [Flings the dog off and jumps in the [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]]. The dog keeps jumping up to the window.] Ok, alright, we have a problem.

**Joey:** Well why don't you just reach out and take his [[Friends-词汇总表#trampoline\|trampoline]].

**Rachel:** Ok, here, I know what we can do. [grabs Joey's sadwich and throws it out the window]

**Joey:** Hey, hey, hey no.

**Rachel:** Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#doggie\|doggie]] get the- aahhh. Ok go get the [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]], get the sandwich doggie. [dog [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignores]] the sandwich] Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?

**Joey:** Well if he's not gonna eat it, I will.

**Phoebe:** Are you crazy?

**Joey:** Phoebs, he's just a little dog. [turns back to the car window and the dog is [[Friends-词汇总表#halfway\|halfway]] through it.] Ahhh.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Ross are sitting at the couch.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Ross:** What?

**Chandler:** Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jackets]]?

**Ross:** Do you say this stuff to girls? BIG BULLY: Hehehehey, isn't that the guy who used to wear your hat? LITTLE BULLY: And look where they're sitting.

**Ross:** You're joking, right? You guys just walked through the door. BIG BULLY: Maybe we didn't make it clear enough. LITTLE BULLY: Yeah. BIG BULLY: This [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belongs]] to us.

**Chandler:** Alright, I'll tell you what, you call the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] and then, and then we'll call the couch, and we'll see who it comes to. BIG BULLY: You know what I keep wondering? Why you two are still sitting here.

**Ross:** Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this, alright. Gunther, these guys are trying to take our seat.

**Gunther:** Fellas, these guys were here first. BIG BULLY: Oh, sorry, I didn't realize. LITTLE BULLY: Sorry.

**Gunther:** There you go.

**Ross:** Thank you Gunther. We didn't want to have to go and do that. LITTLE BULLY: He told on us? BIG BULLY: You told on us?

**Ross:** Well pal, you didn't give me much of a choice. [[[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flicks]] the ends of the big bully's [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]]]

**Chandler:** Don't play with his things.

**Ross:** I know. BIG BULLY: Alright, let's take this outside.

**Ross:** Let's, let's take this outside? Who talks like that? BIG BULLY: The guy that's about to kick your ass talks like that.

**Chandler:** You had to ask.

**Ross:** Yeah.


> [!scene] the bullies grab the back of the couch that Ross and Chandler are sitting in and tip back

**Ross:** Ok, ok look, see, the thing is we're, we're not gonna fight you guys. LITTLE BULLY: Well then here's the deal, you won't have to so long as never ever show your faces in this coffee house ever again.

**Chandler:** I think you played the Gunther card too soon.


> [!scene] Scene: Back in the cab in front of Phoebe's dad's house.

**Joey:** Hey Phoeb's, I think you're good to go.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I don't know.

**Rachel:** What's the matter?

**Phoebe:** I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the [[Friends-词汇总表#beast\|beast]] at the [[Friends-词汇总表#threshold\|threshold]], you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]], you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]], [[Friends-词汇总表#despite\|despite]] what she says. And I have a sister who I've [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] spoken to since we like shared a [[Friends-词汇总表#womb\|womb]]. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.

**Rachel:** Yeah Phoebe, I completely understand.

**Joey:** Yeah, whatever you need. Hey, you wanna go home?

**Phoebe:** Ok, thanks. Sorry, again


> [!scene] She starts the cab and pulls forward. We hear a squish and a dog yelp.

**Phoebe:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#innocently\|innocently]]] What was that?

**Joey:** Uhh, I'm guessing the threshold's clear now.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Joey is eating breakfast, Rachel has just gotten up, and Monica is on the phone.

**Monica:** I wanna buy 5 shares of SGJ and I wanna buy them now. C'mon time is money my friend. Thank you. Wooo.

**Rachel:** Time is money my friend?

**Joey:** Yeah, you missed, 'Takes money to make money,' and uh, 'Don't make me come down there and kick your wall street [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]].'

**Monica:** Hey, I made $17 before breakfast, what have you done?

**Joey:** Well uh, I had breakfast here so [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] I saved $3.50.

**Rachel:** How did you make $17.

**Monica:** Well, my [[Friends-词汇总表#financially\|financially]] challenged friends,  I [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.

**Joey:** How come those?

**Monica:** Well, CHP because I used to have a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.

**Rachel:** What happened to uh, MEG.?

**Monica:** MEG was good for me but I [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] her. Ya know, my [[Friends-词汇总表#motto\|motto]] is get out before they go down.

**Joey:** That is so not my [[Friends-词汇总表#motto\|motto]].

**Phoebe:** [enters] Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey Phoebs. Oh hey, how's the dog?

**Phoebe:** Ok, I talked to the [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]], people are so nice [[Friends-词汇总表#upstate\|upstate]]. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna be ok and I can pick him up tomorrow.

**Joey:** Good.

**Rachel:** Oh, thank God.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but he did have to have a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#stitch\|stitches]] and he said that only once in a blue [[Friends-词汇总表#moon\|moon]] does a dog's [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] grow back so...still hoping.

**Rachel:** Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?

**Phoebe:** I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone.  What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandoned]]. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'

**Joey:** Hey Phoebs, if you want, I'll do it.

**Phoebe:** Ok. Listen, just don't say anything about me, ok. [goes over and grabs the phone that's sitting by Monica]

**Monica:** DON'T...be too long with the phone.

**Rachel:** She'll be a much better friend when the market closes.

**Joey:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dials]] the phone] It's a woman.

**Phoebe:** So talk to her.

**Joey:** [in a [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] voice] Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be returned to you, almost as good as new, within, within 24 hours. Uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]]. [hangs up]

**Rachel:** Why the voice.

**Joey:** [in the voice] Hard to say.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Ross is sitting at the bar, Chandler serves up two mugs of hot water.

**Chandler:** Your cappucino [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Ross:** Thank you.


> [!scene] they both pour in packets of cappucino mix

**Chandler:** Ya know I think this is much better than the coffee house.

**Ross:** Absolutely.


> [!scene] they both stir thier coffee and proceed to stare into the mugs

**Ross:** How come it's not mixing with the water?

**Chandler:** Well the package says you have to uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] keep it moving. Stir and drink, [[Friends-词汇总表#stir\|stir]] and drink, never let it [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]].


> [!scene] they both try to drink while continuously stirring

**Joey:** [walks out of his room] Hey, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's [[Friends-词汇总表#christen\|christening]], I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.

**Chandler:** Ok.

**Ross:** No.

**Chandler:** No?

**Ross:** No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#descent\|descent]] cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.

**Chandler:** Alright, hang on a second there Custer.

**Joey:** Yeah really, Ross, have you ever been [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beaten]] up before?

**Ross:** Yeah, sure.

**Joey:** By someone [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] Monica?

**Ross:** No. So what. So what if we get [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beaten]] up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of [[Friends-词汇总表#passage\|passage]] or somethin'.

**Chandler:** Well, couldn't we just lose our [[Friends-词汇总表#virginity\|virginities]] again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is returning.

**Monica:** [Opens the door] I need to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] a hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** Hi, welcome home. [pulls Rachel inside] I need to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] a hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Rachel:** For what?

**Monica:** I've gotta get back in the game.

**Rachel:** Why, when did you get out of the game?

**Monica:** I don't know, I lost it all ok. I lost it.

**Rachel:** Oh no.

**Monica:** Hey, I've come to terms with it, you have to too.

**Rachel:** Ok. Look uhh, Mon I'm, I'm really sorry.

**Monica:** Yeah, yeah, yeah, where are we on the hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]?

**Rachel:** I, I don't have it.

**Monica:** But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] [[Friends-词汇总表#diner\|diner]] job. You know, with the dancing and the [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costumes]]. I don't wanna have to wear [[Friends-词汇总表#flame\|flame]] [[Friends-词汇总表#retardant\|retardant]] [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]].

**Rachel:** Nobody does honey.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's dad's house. Phoebe is returning the dog who is bandaged up and has a plastic cone around it's neck.

**Phoebe:** Hi. MRS BUFFAY: Schnoodle. Oh my God, what the hell happened to my dog?

**Phoebe:** It was an [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]], and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]]. MRS BUFFAY: What are these, [[Friends-词汇总表#stitch\|stitches]]?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|raining]], you can't let him look up too long 'cause that cone'll fill up really really fast. MRS BUFFAY: Yeah well, thanks for bringing back what's left of him.

**Phoebe:** Sure, oh, is, is Frank home. MRS BUFFAY: How do you know Frank?

**Phoebe:** Just from a, from a long time ago. Is he here? MRS BUFFAY: Yeah. Frank.

**Frank:** Yeah. What? [a young guy comes around the corner]

**Phoebe:** Oh, ok, um, I mean Frank senior. MRS BUFFAY: He went out for [[Friends-词汇总表#grocery\|groceries]].

**Phoebe:** Ok so will he be back soon? MRS BUFFAY: Well he left four years ago so we're expecting him back any minute now.

**Phoebe:** Alright, I'm, I'm gonna go. I'm sorry about the dog, everything. I'm sorry.


> [!scene] she turns to leave, Frank follows

**Frank:** Hey lady. Hey wait up. How do you know my dad?

**Phoebe:** Um well I don't really. Just [[Friends-词汇总表#genetically\|genetically]]. He's kinda my dad too.

**Frank:** Heavy.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. So um, did he ever talk about me, Phoebe?

**Frank:** No but he didn't really talk about anything.

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Frank:** Except [[Friends-词汇总表#stilt\|stilts]].

**Phoebe:** Stilts?

**Frank:** Yeah, he loved [[Friends-词汇总表#stilt\|stilts]]. One time I was [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]], I was stealing [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]] out of my mom's [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]], and uh, all of a [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] I look over and there's my dad's head bobbing past the window. He just had this big [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] on his face and he was [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|waving]] 'cause he was always [[Friends-词汇总表#happiest\|happiest]] when he was on his stilts.

**Phoebe:** Wow.

**Frank:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** I don't know what to do with that.

**Frank:** Me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]]. So you're like my big sister.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Frank:** This is huge, you can buy me [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]].

**Phoebe:** I'm not gonna. But you know what's cool though? Ok, if you had a friend named Pete, then I could say, 'Oh yeah, I know Pete, he's friends with my brother.'

**Frank:** I gotta friend named Mark.

**Phoebe:** That'll work too.

**Frank:** Cool, alright. So maybe, ya know, I could give you a call [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]], we could talk or somethin'.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, that'd be ok.

**Frank:** Alright.

**Phoebe:** Ok, I'm in the book.

**Frank:** Ok, yeah.

**Phoebe:** Alright. So um, [[Friends-词汇总表#stilt\|stilts]] huh?

**Frank:** Yeah hey, you know if you want I can take you around back and show you where he hit his head on the [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gutter\|gutter]].

**Phoebe:** Ok.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Ross are sitting on the couch nervously.

**Ross:** Well we did it, we're here. We are standing our ground. How long does a cup of coffee take?

**Chandler:** Would you come on! Come on! [[[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] brings their coffee] Thank you.


> [!scene] They rush to put the cream and sugar in their cups and gulp down a few drinks

**Chandler:** Ah, there we go.

**Ross:** I think we [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|proved]] our point.

**Chandler:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]]?

**Ross:** Cannot feel my tounge.


> [!scene] They leave. As they're walking out, the bullies are walking in.

**Chandler:** Bullies, big [[Friends-词汇总表#bully\|bullies]]. LITTLE BULLY: Oh, look who's here, it's the [[Friends-词汇总表#weenie\|weenies]]. BIG BULLY: Did we not make [[Friends-词汇总表#ourselves\|ourselves]] clear the other day.

**Ross:** Yes, and that's why we're here.

**Chandler:** Yes, we're standing out ground...apparently. LITTLE BULLY: Let's do this alright.

**Ross:** Woah, ho-ho, whad'ya got there, a [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]]? LITTLE BULLY: It's a nice watch, I don't wanna break it on your [[Friends-词汇总表#rib\|ribs]].

**Chandler:** Alright, let's do this. LITTLE BULLY: Alright.


> [!scene] they all put up their fists and prepare to fight

**Chandler:** Question. If I don't care about my watch, can I use it as a [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]]?

**Ross:** Whad'ya mean?

**Chandler:** Well, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#sharp\|sharp]], it's metal, I think I can do some, you know, serious damage with it. BIG BULLY: No, you can't use your watch.

**Chandler:** Ok. [reaches in his pocket] BIG BULLY: Or your keys.

**Chandler:** Ok. LITTLE BULLY: Look, here's what we'll do. We'll put all keys and watches in the hat over there. Alright. [they all put their keys and watches in the hat and put it on a mail box] Alright, c'mon man, let's do this.


> [!scene] they all jump in the street and prepare to fight

**Ross:** Before I forget, are we hitting faces? BIG BULLY: Of course we're hitting faces, why wouldn't you hit faces?

**Ross:** Well because I have to work on Monday, I have a big presentation. LITTLE BULLY: Actually, you know, uh, I gotta show this apartment tomorrow and uh, you know, this no faces thing might not be a bad idea. BIG BULLY: Ok, nothing from the [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] up. [everyone gets ready for the fight] Or the [[Friends-词汇总表#waist\|waist]] down. Dana's [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulating]]. LITTLE BULLY: Oh really, you guys tryin' again? BIG BULLY: Yeah.

**Chandler:** Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#strictly\|strictly]] talking about the middle? BIG BULLY: C'MON!

**Ross:** Hey, hey, woah, you want some of this, huh? You want a piece of this, huh? I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#standin\|standin]] here, huh.

**Chandler:** Hey, hey, those guys are [[Friends-词汇总表#takin\|takin]] our stuff! [some guy runs off with the hat]

**Ross:** Hey. BIG BULLY: Hey.


> [!scene] they all run off after the guy


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. The four guys are returning after getting the hat back.

**Ross:** God, that was, that was amazing, that was incredible. You guys, you guys kicked [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]]. LITTLE BULLY: Us, what about you guys? Man you really, bing, gave it to old Mr. Clean back there. He was a big guy.

**Ross:** Yeah he was wasn't he.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything. BIG BULLY: Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-[[Friends-词汇总表#rope\|rope]].

**Ross:** So, listen guys, are we uh, are we ok here? LITTLE BULLY: We're ok.

**Ross:** Alright.

**Chandler:** Ok so, can I have my hat back? LITTLE BULLY: No.

**Chandler:** Huh. [reaches over and grabs the hat and [[Friends-词汇总表#bolt\|bolts]] for the door but [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slips]] and falls behind the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]]


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: The 50's theme cafe. Monica is working the grill, the rest are at a table.

**Rachel:** Look at her.

**Chandler:** Hi Monica.

**Joey:** He-he-he, how's it goin'?

**Phoebe:** Hey nice [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]].

**Chandler:** Guys guys, check this out.


> [!scene] Chandler puts a coin in the mini jukebox at the table. YMCA starts playing and Monica and the rest of the staff have to get on the counter and start singing along and dancing. After a couple of couruses, Chandler pulls out a handful of coins and drops them on the table.

**Joey:** Excellent.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（45）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 15 | 126 | 70 | *What just happened? LITTLE BULLY: I just took your hat. See, I can be funny too. My, my joke is that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 7 | 296 | 85 | *Mon, speaking of which, dad says he knows someone you can call for an interview.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 4 | 170 | 116 | *Oh, sorry we didn't know. LITTLE BULLY: [walks back from the counter] Hey, we were sitting there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *What just happened? LITTLE BULLY: I just took your hat. See, I can be funny too. My, my joke is that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 3 | 86 | 66 | *Ok, here, I know what we can do. [grabs Joey's sadwich and throws it out the window]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 3 | 209 | 116 | *Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 3 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, I'm guessing the threshold's clear now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 3 | 76 | 53 | *[Opens the door] I need to borrow a hundred bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Weird, weird.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it? LITTLE BULLY: Is that supposed to be funny?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 2 | 134 | 69 | *What just happened? LITTLE BULLY: I just took your hat. See, I can be funny too. My, my joke is that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 2 | 71 | 58 | *Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat? BIG * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 2 | 88 | 74 | *My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in mysel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 2 | 116 | 69 | *Yeah good luck, good luck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. [Flings the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 2 | 83 | 61 | *Let's, let's take this outside? Who talks like that? BIG BULLY: The guy that's about to kick your as* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 2 | 102 | 59 | *Ok, ok look, see, the thing is we're, we're not gonna fight you guys. LITTLE BULLY: Well then here's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 2 | 181 | 87 | *I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, nev* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Mon, speaking of which, dad says he knows someone you can call for an interview.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Monica, relax, go get a beer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *It was ridiculous. Ya know, these guys, they were bullies, actual bullies, ya know.  We're grown ups* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *It was ridiculous. Ya know, these guys, they were bullies, actual bullies, ya know.  We're grown ups* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh [turns as if to hug someone] Oh no, wait a minute, I have no one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Ok, here, I know what we can do. [grabs Joey's sadwich and throws it out the window]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Well if he's not gonna eat it, I will.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Are you crazy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Alright, I'll tell you what, you call the couch and then, and then we'll call the couch, and we'll s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this, alright. Gunther, these guys are trying to take our sea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Yeah, whatever you need. Hey, you wanna go home?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Uhh, I'm guessing the threshold's clear now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Ok, I talked to the vet, people are so nice upstate. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Hi, welcome home. [pulls Rachel inside] I need to borrow a hundred bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Hey lady. Hey wait up. How do you know my dad?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Yeah, he loved stilts. One time I was upstairs, I was stealing cigarettes out of my mom's purse, and* |

### 常用词（59）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 8 | 49 | 29 | *[in a fake voice] Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 6 | 65 | 28 | *Hey Rach, you uh, you want some sandwich?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 4 | 75 | 47 | *You're joking, right? You guys just walked through the door. BIG BULLY: Maybe we didn't make it clea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 3 | 59 | 37 | *Monica, relax, go get a beer.* |
| woah |  | [网络] 哇；哇哦；原谅的错却不能重来过 |  | 3 | 55 | 12 | *Hey, woah, let's go down there and get your hat back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]] | /bәun/ | n. 骨头, 骨, 骨制品 | n. rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates | 3 | 21 | 13 | *Get him a bone, get a bone. You gotta bone?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 3 | 73 | 48 | *[Opens the door] I need to borrow a hundred bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 2 | 40 | 34 | *It was ridiculous. Ya know, these guys, they were bullies, actual bullies, ya know.  We're grown ups* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 2 | 73 | 45 | *Hi. [Ross turns to Rachel and they hug]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 2 | 70 | 38 | *Thanks. [gets out of the cab]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 2 | 58 | 39 | *[a little dog starts attacking her leg] Hey, hey, no, oh oh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 2 | 69 | 43 | *Yeah, you missed, 'Takes money to make money,' and uh, 'Don't make me come down there and kick your * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 2 | 35 | 29 | *Yeah really, Ross, have you ever been beaten up before?* |
| somethin |  | [网络] 事端；情书 |  | 2 | 16 | 12 | *No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through on* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 2 | 62 | 47 | *[Opens the door] I need to borrow a hundred bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 2 | 27 | 18 | *But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 1 | 25 | 21 | *No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spin]] | /spin/ | n. 旋转, 自旋, 疾驰, 情绪低落 | n. a swift whirling motion (usually of a missile) | 1 | 19 | 11 | *And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisse* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisse* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *Because it's a special hat. [Chandler looks at Ross funny] See he bought it 'cause he was feeling re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 1 | 15 | 14 | *It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 1 | 56 | 27 | *It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fry]] | /frai/ | n. 油炸食物, 鱼苗 | n. English painter and art critic (1866-1934) | 1 | 21 | 10 | *It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean * |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] | /strip/ | n. 长条, 条状, 带, 脱衣舞 | n. a relatively long narrow piece of something | 1 | 27 | 10 | *Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *See, didn't I tell ya these pillows would be a good idea?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] | /spred/ | n. 传播, 散布, 伸展 | n. process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Olive loaf and ham spread, no mayo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *No no, 'cause mayo, that would make it gross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. [Flings the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] | /ig'nɒ:/ | vt. 不理睬, 忽视, 驳回, 忽略 | v. refuse to acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. [dog ignores the sandwic* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] | /lik/ | n. 舔, 少许, 打 | n. touching with the tongue | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. [dog ignores the sandwic* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Phoebs, he's just a little dog. [turns back to the car window and the dog is halfway through it.] Ah* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] | /bi'lɒŋ/ | vi. 属于, 合适 | v. be owned by; be in the possession of | 1 | 16 | 16 | *You're joking, right? You guys just walked through the door. BIG BULLY: Maybe we didn't make it clea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Fellas, these guys were here first. BIG BULLY: Oh, sorry, I didn't realize. LITTLE BULLY: Sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Well pal, you didn't give me much of a choice. [flicks the ends of the big bully's tie]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Well uh, I had breakfast here so technically I saved $3.50.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] | /split/ | n. 劈开, 裂片, 裂缝, 分裂, 派系, 派别, 柳条 | n. extending the legs at right angles to the trunk (one in front and the other i | 1 | 26 | 21 | *Well, my financially challenged friends,  I split my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 1 | 31 | 26 | *MEG was good for me but I dumped her. Ya know, my motto is get out before they go down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] | /iә/ | n. 耳朵, 倾听, 听觉, 穗 | n. the sense organ for hearing and equilibrium | 1 | 37 | 28 | *Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 1 | 57 | 29 | *I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone.  What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 1 | 21 | 14 | *[dials the phone] It's a woman.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *[in a fake voice] Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *[in a fake voice] Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Your cappucino sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] | /'setl/ | n. 有背长椅 | n. a long wooden bench with a back | 1 | 26 | 23 | *Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, nev* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *By someone besides Monica?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] | /'æksidәnt/ | n. 意外事件, 机遇, 事故, 次要方面 | n. an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury | 1 | 24 | 22 | *It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] | /.vedʒi'tєәriәn/ | n. 素食者, 食草动物 | n. eater of fruits and grains and nuts; someone who eats no meat or fish or (oft | 1 | 16 | 11 | *It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Yeah, he loved stilts. One time I was upstairs, I was stealing cigarettes out of my mom's purse, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] | /.sigә'ret/ | n. 香烟, 纸烟 | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | 1 | 27 | 16 | *Yeah, he loved stilts. One time I was upstairs, I was stealing cigarettes out of my mom's purse, and* |

### 低频词（74）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bully\|bully]] | /'buli/ | n. 欺凌弱小者, 土霸 | n. a cruel and brutal fellow | 42 | 43 | 2 | *Oh, sorry we didn't know. LITTLE BULLY: [walks back from the counter] Hey, we were sitting there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stilt\|stilt]] | /stilt/ | n. 高跷, 支柱, 脚柱 | n. one of two stout poles with foot rests in the middle; used for walking high a | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Except stilts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doggie\|doggie]] | /'dɒgi/ | n. 小狗, 狗儿(对狗的爱称) | n informal terms for dogs | 4 | 4 | 1 | *No no no, doggie please. Oh, I do so wanna love all animals, please no.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meg\|meg]] | /me^/ | n. 梅格（女子名, 等于Margaret） | n the number that is represented as a one followed by 6 zeros | 3 | 6 | 3 | *'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hamburger\|hamburger]] | /'hæmbә:gә/ | n. 汉堡(德国港口), 肉饼, 汉堡包, 纯精牛肉, 汉堡牛排 | n. a sandwich consisting of a fried cake of minced beef served on a bun, often w | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Ok, so uh, who wants the last hamburger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mayo\|mayo]] | /'meiәu/ | n. [口]蛋黄酱（等于mayonnaise） | n egg yolks and oil and vinegar | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Olive loaf and ham spread, no mayo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#threshold\|threshold]] | /'θreʃәuld/ | n. 门槛, 入口, 开端, 阈 | n. the starting point for a new state or experience | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chp\|chp]] |  | n. 热电联合 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well, my financially challenged friends,  I split my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#motto\|motto]] | /'mɒtәu/ | n. 箴言, 座右铭, 警句 | n. a favorite saying of a sect or political group | 2 | 3 | 2 | *MEG was good for me but I dumped her. Ya know, my motto is get out before they go down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stitch\|stitch]] | /stitʃ/ | n. 一针, 疼痛, 针法, 碎布条, 针脚 | n. a link or loop or knot made by an implement in knitting, crocheting, embroide | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a d* |
| cappucino |  | [网络] 咖啡味；卡普奇诺咖啡；卡布奇诺啦啦 |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Your cappucino sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stir\|stir]] | /stә:/ | n. 骚动, 轰动, 搅动, 监狱 | n. a prominent or sensational but short-lived news event | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, nev* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]] | /'wepәn/ | n. 武器, 兵器 | n. any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting | 2 | 10 | 8 | *Woah, ho-ho, whad'ya got there, a weapon? LITTLE BULLY: It's a nice watch, I don't wanna break it on* |
| watchin |  | [网络] 看吧 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] | /bi'hɑ:f/ | n. 利益, 方面 | n. as the agent of or on someone's part (usually expressed as "on behalf of" rat | 1 | 10 | 8 | *On behalf of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buffet\|buffet]] | /'bʌfit/ | n. 自助餐, 小卖部, 碗橱, 殴打, 冲击 | n. a piece of furniture that stands at the side of a dining room; has shelves an | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minus\|minus]] | /'mainәs/ | n. 负号, 不足 | a. on the negative side or lower end of a scale | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisse* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rotisserie\|rotisserie]] | /rәu'tisәri:/ | n. 烤肉店, 烤肉铺, 轮转烤肉器 | n. an oven or broiler equipped with a rotating spit on which meat cooks as it tu | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisse* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chickened\|chickened]] | /'tʃɪkɪn/ | n. 鸡肉；小鸡；胆小鬼, 懦夫 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coincidence\|coincidence]] | /kәu'insidәns/ | n. 巧合, 同时发生 | n. an event that might have been arranged although it was really accidental | 1 | 9 | 9 | *No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freakish\|freakish]] | /'fri:kiʃ/ | a. 朝三暮四的, 见异思迁的, 畸形的 | s. characteristic of a freak | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Freakish.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freaky\|freaky]] | /'fri:ki/ | a. (=freakish)畸形的, 捉摸不定的 | s. strange and somewhat frightening | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Freaky.* |
| mcdonald | /mәk'dɔnәld/ | n. 麦克唐纳（男子名）；麦当劳（快餐店名称） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a pharmacist. OPENING TITLES* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macdonald\|macdonald]] | /mәk'dɔnәld/ | n. 麦克唐纳（姓氏）；麦当劳快餐店 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a pharmacist. OPENING TITLES* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pharmacist\|pharmacist]] | /'fɑ:mәsist/ | n. 药师, 药品商, 药商, 药剂师 | n. a health professional trained in the art of preparing and dispensing drugs | 1 | 9 | 5 | *Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a pharmacist. OPENING TITLES* |
| raquetball |  | [网络] 壁球 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colorful\|colorful]] | /'kʌlәful/ | a. 华美的, 富有色彩的, 有趣的 | a. having striking color | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No actually, I was just going for colorful. BIG BULLY: What's with this guy? LITTLE BULLY: What's wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kudos\|kudos]] | /'kju:dɒs/ | n. 称赞, 光荣, 荣誉 | n an expression of approval and commendation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, ok, you know what? I think you're very funny. Kudos on that hat joke. But, come on guy just, jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cafe\|cafe]] | /kɑ:'fei/ | n. 咖啡馆, 酒店 | n. a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#artiste\|artiste]] | /ɑ:'ti:st/ | n. 艺人, 技艺家 | n. a public performer (a dancer or singer) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean * |
| laverne | /lә'v\\:n/ | n. 拉维恩(Verna的异体)(f.) |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curly\|curly]] | /'kә:li/ | a. 拳曲的, 卷毛的, 弯曲的 | a. (of hair) having curls or waves | 1 | 6 | 4 | *It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean * |
| kiddin |  | [网络] 七彩汤圆 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *You're kiddin'.* |
| oohhh |  | [网络] 我一直坐在这里 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invest]] | /in'vest/ | vt. 投资, 花费, 笼罩, 授予 | v. make an investment | 1 | 7 | 5 | *My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in mysel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bull\|bull]] | /bul/ | n. 公牛 | n. uncastrated adult male of domestic cattle | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What's to know? Buy sell, high low, bears bulls...[on the phone] Yes Manhattan...yeah telephone numb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manhattan\|manhattan]] | /mæn'hætәn/ | n. 曼哈顿 | n. one of the five boroughs of New York City | 1 | 9 | 9 | *What's to know? Buy sell, high low, bears bulls...[on the phone] Yes Manhattan...yeah telephone numb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthfather\|birthfather]] |  | n. 生父 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh God, here we go. For the first time in my life I'm gonna say 'Hi birthfather'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#olive\|olive]] | /'ɒliv/ | n. 橄榄, 橄榄树, 橄榄色, 橄榄枝 | n. small ovoid fruit of the European olive tree; important food and source of oi | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Olive loaf and ham spread, no mayo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loaf\|loaf]] | /lәuf/ | n. 一条面包, 块, 游荡 | n. a quantity of food (other than bread) formed in a particular shape | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Olive loaf and ham spread, no mayo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ham\|ham]] | /hæm/ | n. 火腿, 后腿, 笨拙演员 | n. meat cut from the thigh of a hog (usually smoked) | 1 | 9 | 5 | *Olive loaf and ham spread, no mayo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kibble\|kibble]] | /kibl/ | vt. 粗磨 | n. coarsely ground grain in the form of pellets (as for pet food) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. [Flings the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]] | /fliŋ/ | n. 投掷, 急冲, 嘲弄 | n. the act of flinging | 1 | 13 | 7 | *Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. [Flings the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trampoline\|trampoline]] | /'træmpә,li:n, -lin; ,træmpә'li:n/ | n. 蹦床 | n. gymnastic apparatus consisting of a strong canvas sheet attached with springs | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well why don't you just reach out and take his trampoline.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halfway\|halfway]] | /'hɑ:f'wei/ | a. 中途的, 不彻底的, 部分的 | s. at a point midway between two extremes | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Phoebs, he's just a little dog. [turns back to the car window and the dog is halfway through it.] Ah* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flick]] | /flik/ | n. 快速的轻打, 轻打声, 弹开 | n. a light sharp contact (usually with something flexible) | 1 | 9 | 4 | *Well pal, you didn't give me much of a choice. [flicks the ends of the big bully's tie]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beast\|beast]] | /bi:st/ | n. 畜生, 动物, 野兽, 兽性 | n. a cruelly rapacious person | 1 | 5 | 4 | *I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#despite\|despite]] | /di'spait/ | n. 轻视, 憎恨 | n. contemptuous disregard | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#womb\|womb]] | /wu:m/ | n. 子宫, 发源地 | n a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the developi | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#innocently\|innocently]] |  | adv. 纯洁地；无罪地 | r. in a not unlawful manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[innocently] What was that?* |
| wooo |  | [网络] 银多架；我我我；株式会社日立制作所 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I wanna buy 5 shares of SGJ and I wanna buy them now. C'mon time is money my friend. Thank you. Wooo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#financially\|financially]] |  | adv. 金融上；财政上 | r. from a financial point of view | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, my financially challenged friends,  I split my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.* |
| eric | /'erik/ | abbr. 科教资源信息中心（Educational Resources Information Center）；电子遥 | n. A recompense formerly given by a murderer to the relatives of | 1 | 14 | 7 | *Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#estrada\|estrada]] |  | n. (Estrada)人名；(英、西、葡、利比)埃斯特拉达 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.* |
| becuase |  | [网络] 子句 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]] | /vet/ | n. 兽医 | v. work as a veterinarian | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Ok, I talked to the vet, people are so nice upstate. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstate\|upstate]] | /'ʌp'steit/ | a. 偏僻的, 州的北部的 | r. in or toward the northern parts of a state | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Ok, I talked to the vet, people are so nice upstate. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moon\|moon]] | /mu:n/ | n. 月亮, 月球, 月光 | n. the natural satellite of the Earth | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandon]] | /ә'bændәn/ | vt. 放弃, 抛弃, 遗弃, 使屈从, 沉溺, 放纵 | n. the trait of lacking restraint or control; reckless freedom from inhibition o | 1 | 9 | 7 | *I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone.  What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] | /'kɒnstәntli/ | adv. 不变地, 不断地, 时常地 | r. without variation or change, in every case | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, nev* |
| neice |  | [网络] 尼尔斯 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[walks out of his room] Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#christen\|christen]] | /'krisәn/ | vt. 为...施洗礼, 命名 | v administer baptism to | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[walks out of his room] Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#descent\|descent]] | /di'sent/ | n. 降落, 家系, 侵袭, 血统 | n. a movement downward | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#custer\|custer]] | /'kʌstә/ | n. 除尘器, 撒粉器 | n. United States general who was killed along with all his command by the Sioux  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Alright, hang on a second there Custer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passage\|passage]] | /'pæsidʒ/ | n. 通道, 通过, 移居, 航行, 一段, 走廊 | n. the act of passing from one state or place to the next | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through on* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#virginity\|virginity]] | /vә'dʒiniti/ | n. 处女身份, 处女贞洁, 童贞 | n. the condition or quality of being a virgin | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing * |
| otherwords |  | [网络] 其他词汇；别话；他界 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diner\|diner]] | /'dainә/ | n. 用餐者 | n. a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant) | 1 | 5 | 5 | *But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flame\|flame]] | /fleim/ | n. 火焰, 火舌, 热情, 光辉 | v. be in flames or aflame | 1 | 8 | 8 | *But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#retardant\|retardant]] | /ri'tɑ:dәnt/ | n. 抑止剂 | n. any agent that retards or delays or hinders | 1 | 1 | 1 | *But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing* |
| schnoodle |  | [网络] 贵宾雪纳瑞混种犬；雪贵宾 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi. MRS BUFFAY: Schnoodle. Oh my God, what the hell happened to my dog?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cone\|cone]] | /kәun/ | n. 圆锥体, 球果 | n. any cone-shaped artifact | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grocery\|grocery]] | /'grәusәri/ | n. 食品杂货店, 食品杂货业 | n. (usually plural) consumer goods sold by a grocer | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh, ok, um, I mean Frank senior. MRS BUFFAY: He went out for groceries.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genetically\|genetically]] |  | adv. 创始, 遗传学, 生殖, 基因, 遗传, 发生 | r. by genetic mechanisms | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Um well I don't really. Just genetically. He's kinda my dad too.* |
