---
season: 2
episode: "05"
title: "The One With Five Steaks and an Eggplant"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E05 — The One With Five Steaks and an Eggplant

Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.


> [!scene] Scene: At Chandler and Joey's. Ross and Chandler are there. Ross is watching wrestling.

**Ross:** Man, I sure miss Julie.

**Chandler:** Spanish [[Friends-词汇总表#midget\|midgets]]. Spanish midgets [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestling]]. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. *(phone rings)*

**Ross:** You ever figure out what that thing's for?

**Chandler:** No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pinned]].

*(MACHINE--JOEY'S VOICE): Here comes the beep, you know what to do.*

**Jade:** Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] up again. I [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] had t he [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] to make this call, so you know what I did?

**Chandler:** What?

**Jade:** I got a little drunk...and naked.

**Chandler:** Bob here.

**Chandler:** *(on phone)* What've you been up to?

**Jade:** Oh, you know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#usual\|usual]], [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaching]] [[Friends-词汇总表#aerobics\|aerobics]], partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]] on the new James Bond poster.

**Chandler:** Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. *(to Ross)* I love her.

**Ross:** I know.

**Chandler:** I'm back.

**Jade:** So, are we gonna get together or what?

**Chandler:** Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]]? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?

**Jade:** Great, I'll see you then.

**Chandler:** Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.

**Ross:** Even though you do do a good Bob [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]], I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."

**Chandler:** I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will [[Friends-词汇总表#seek\|seek]] [[Friends-词汇总表#comfort\|comfort]] in the open [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]] of the [[Friends-词汇总表#wry\|wry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] at the next table.

**Ross:** Oh my god. You are [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]].

**Chandler:** Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]], [[Friends-词汇总表#horny\|horny]] and alone. I've done this.

*(At Monica and Rachel's)*

**Ross:** *(on phone)* Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.

**All:** Hi, Julie!

**Rachel:** *(sarcastically)* Hi, Julie.

**Chandler:** Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owes]] me 62 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] for his [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]].

**Phoebe:** Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?

**Chandler:** Hey, come on, we got the gift, the [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]], and the [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]].

**Joey:** Do we need a [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]?

**Chandler:** Look guys, I know it's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#steep\|steep]].

**Rachel:** Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#whoosh\|whoosh]]!

**Chandler:** But it's Ross.

**Phoebe:** It's Ross.

**Joey:** All right.

**Chandler:** I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.

**Ross:** Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]], I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?

**Chandler:** You know, I think I might just.

**Rachel:** So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?

**Joey:** Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]], so I guess I'll just stay home and eat [[Friends-词汇总表#dust\|dust]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunnies]].

**Phoebe:** Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?

**Rachel:** Do you guys ever get the [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?

**Joey:** Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] to go here and there.

**Phoebe:** Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] thing, it's for Ross.

**Joey:** For Ross.

**Rachel:** For Ross, Ross, Ross.

**Monica:** *(enters)* Oh my god.

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hi.

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** I'm at work, [[Friends-词汇总表#ordinary\|ordinary]] day, you know, [[Friends-词汇总表#chop\|chop]] chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]], Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]], and guess who got the job.

**Joey:** If it's not you, this is a [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] story.

**Monica:** Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]], and they think we should go out and [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]]. You know, [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] nice.

**Joey:** Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] nice. *(to Phoebe and Rachel)* How much do you think I can get for my [[Friends-词汇总表#kidney\|kidney]]? *(at Central Perk)*

**Ross:** I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.

**Chandler:** Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with [[Friends-词汇总表#conventional\|conventional]] methods.

**Ross:** That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be [[Friends-词汇总表#destroy\|destroying]] two people's chance for [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]].

**Chandler:** We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.

**Ross:** Go over there and tell that woman the truth.

**Chandler:** All right.

**Ross:** Go.

**Chandler:** Hi.

**Jade:** Hi.

**Chandler:** Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#confess\|confess]] something.

**Jade:** Yes?

**Chandler:** Whoever stood you up is a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]].

**Jade:** How did you--?

**Chandler:** I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]]. Tissue?

**Jade:** Thanks.

**Chandler:** No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today.

*(At Somplace Nice)*

**Ross:** Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the [[Friends-词汇总表#newly\|newly]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#appoint\|appointed]] head [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]]--

**Monica:** Who is also in charge of purchasing.

**Ross:** Newly [[Friends-词汇总表#appoint\|appointed]] head [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] who is also in charge of purchasing--

**Monica:** Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.

**Ross:** Uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]], purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--

**Monica:** Oh, wait, and I got a [[Friends-词汇总表#beeper\|beeper]]!

**Joey:** Cool.

**Phoebe:** Let's see!

**Ross:** That's fine, I'll just wait!

**Monica:** Oh, sorry.

**Joey:** Sorry, sorry.

**Ross:** Monica!

*(glasses clinking)*

**Waiter:** Are we ready to order?

**Rachel:** Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.

**Waiter:** Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.

**Phoebe:** Wow, look at these prices.

**Rachel:** Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.

**Joey:** What are these, like [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chickens]]?

**Chandler:** Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. *(to Ross)* I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] with Jade?

**Ross:** Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?

**Chandler:** Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.

**Ross:** Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?

**Waiter:** Do I [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] ask?

**Monica:** Yes, I will start with the [[Friends-词汇总表#carpaccio\|carpaccio]], and then I'll have the [[Friends-词汇总表#grill\|grilled]] [[Friends-词汇总表#prawn\|prawns]].

**Ross:** That sounds great. Same for me.

**Waiter:** And for the [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]]?

**Joey:** Yeah, I'll have the Thai [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]. But, hey, look, if I get it without the [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#leek\|leeks]] and stuff, is it [[Friends-词汇总表#cheaper\|cheaper]]?

**Waiter:** You'd think, wouldn't you? Miss?

**Rachel:** Ok, I will have the uh, *(whispers)* side [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]].

**Waiter:** *(whispers)* And what will that be on the side of?

**Rachel:** Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?

**Waiter:** And for you?

**Phoebe:** Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the [[Friends-词汇总表#cucumber\|cucumber]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]], and, um, take care.

**Chandler:** I will have the uh, Cajun [[Friends-词汇总表#catfish\|catfish]].

**Waiter:** Anything else?

**Chandler:** Yes, how 'bout a [[Friends-词汇总表#verse\|verse]] of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#sneeze\|sneeze]] on my fish, aren't you?

**Ross:** *(using calculator)* Plus [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]], [[Friends-词汇总表#divide\|divided]] by six. Ok, everyone [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owes]] 28 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Rachel:** Um, everyone?

**Ross:** Oh, you're right, I'm sorry.

**Joey:** Thank you.

**Ross:** Monica's big night, she shouldn't pay.

**Monica:** Oh, thank you!

**Ross:** So five of us is, $33.50 [[Friends-词汇总表#apiece\|apiece]].

**Phoebe:** No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.

**Chandler:** Whoa, whoa, [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] night [[Friends-词汇总表#flashback\|flashback]].

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold [[Friends-词汇总表#cucumber\|cucumber]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mush\|mush]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]]-something [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]? No! Rachel just had that, that, that [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]], and, and Joey with his like [[Friends-词汇总表#teeny\|teeny]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]! It's just...

**Ross:** Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.

**Phoebe:** Not for you.

**Monica:** All right, what's goin' on?

**Rachel:** Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]].

**Phoebe:** Fine. All right, fine.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** You can tell us.

**Ross:** Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.

**Joey:** Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.

**Monica:** Ok.

**Ross:** I hear ya.

**Chandler:** We can talk about that.

**Phoebe:** Well, then...Let's.

**Ross:** I, I just never think of money as an issue.

**Rachel:** That's 'cause you have it.

**Ross:** That's a good point.

**Chandler:** So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?

**Joey:** 'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hoopla\|hoopla]].

**Ross:** Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] to be the source of any kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]]--there's gonna be a [[Friends-词汇总表#hoopla\|hoopla]]?

**Rachel:** Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.

**Monica:** If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.

**Ross:** G-gift? The thing's not the gift?

**Chandler:** No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.

**Ross:** Hootie and the--oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.

**Phoebe:** No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]].

**Ross:** No, look, hey, it's my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]], and the important thing is that we all be together.

**Monica:** All of us.

**Chandler:** Together.

**Ross:** Not at the [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]].

**Rachel:** Ok.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Thank you.

**Joey:** Thanks.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** So, the [[Friends-词汇总表#ebola\|ebola]] virus. That's gotta suck, huh?

*(at Monica and Rachel's)*

**Chandler:** Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?

**Monica:** I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.

**Phoebe:** Oh, it's like a [[Friends-词汇总表#skit\|skit]].

**Monica:** Why, it's dinner for six. 5 [[Friends-词汇总表#steak\|steaks]], and an [[Friends-词汇总表#eggplant\|eggplant]] for Phoebe.

**Ross:** Whoo!

**Phoebe:** Cool.

**Monica:** Yeah, we switched [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] [[Friends-词汇总表#supplier\|suppliers]] at work, and the new guys gave me the [[Friends-词汇总表#steak\|steaks]] as sort of a thank-you.

**Ross:** But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the [[Friends-词汇总表#envelope\|envelope]]?

**Chandler:** By the way, this didn't seem so [[Friends-词汇总表#dorky\|dorky]] in the hall.

**Ross:** Come on.

**Chandler:** Why, it's six [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish!

**Monica:** It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]].

**Phoebe:** So...Thank you.

**Ross:** Could you be less [[Friends-词汇总表#enthuse\|enthused]]?

**Joey:** Look, it's a nice [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]], it is. But it just feels like--

**Monica:** Like?

**Joey:** Charity.

**Monica:** Charity?

**Ross:** We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.

**Rachel:** Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big.

**Phoebe:** Actually, it makes us feel that big.

**Ross:** I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.

**Chandler:** If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. Maybe that's just how you feel.

**Joey:** Oh, now you're tellin' us how you feel.

**Rachel:** Ok, we never [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulda\|shoulda]] talked about this.

**Phoebe:** I'm just gonna pass on the [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]], 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.

**Rachel:** Me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]].

**Joey:** Me too.

**Monica:** Guys, we bought the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your [[Friends-词汇总表#tiara\|tiaras]] and stuff.

**Chandler:** Why did you look at me when you said that?

**Monica:** Well, I guess now we can't go.

**Rachel:** What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?

**Monica:** You know what? You're right.

**Phoebe:** Fine.

**Ross:** Fine.

**Joey:** Fine.

**Chandler:** Fine.

**Rachel:** Fine.

**Monica:** All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.

**Ross:** Chandler!

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Ross:** Geez! Are you ready?

**Chandler:** Yeah. Just let me grab my [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] and tell you I had sex today.

**Ross:** Whoa! You had sex today?

**Chandler:** Wow, it sounds even [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] when somebody else says it. I was [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]], ok? She was [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|biting]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] to stop from [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screaming]].

**Ross:** Wow.

**Chandler:** Now I know it's been [[Friends-词汇总表#awhile\|awhile]], but I took it as a good sign.

*(phone rings)*

**Ross:** Still doing the screening thing?

**Chandler:** I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.

**Machine:** Here comes the [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]], you know what to do.

**Jade:** Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.

**Chandler:** Bob here.

**Jade:** Oh, hi.

**Chandler:** So, uh, you met someone, huh?

**Jade:** Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.

**Chandler:** So, uh, how was he?

**Jade:** Eh.

**Chandler:** Eh?

**Jade:** Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] to keep from [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screaming]] your name.

**Chandler:** Well, that makes me feel so good.

**Jade:** It was just so [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#bumpy\|bumpy]].

**Ross:** *(silently mouthing)* Bumpy?

**Chandler:** Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.

**Jade:** Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean?

*(at the concert)*

**Monica:** You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.

**Ross:** Yeah, I know, it's my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]. We all should be here.

**Chandler:** So, let's go.

**Ross:** Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I mean, it would be [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]] to them for us to leave now.

**Monica:** You know, the guys are probably having a great time.

*(at Monica and Rachel's)*

**Joey:** Come on you guys, one more time.

**Phoebe:** Ok. One.

**Joey:** Nooo.

**Monica:** That was amazing!

**Ross:** Excellent, that was excellent.

**Chandler:** I can't believe the guys missed this.

**Ross:** What guys? Oh, yeah.

**Steve:** Excuse me, you're Monica Geller aren't you?

**Monica:** Do I know you?

**Steve:** You used to be my [[Friends-词汇总表#babysitter\|babysitter]].

**Monica:** Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?

**Steve:** Good, good, I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] now.

**Monica:** You can't be a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]]. You're eight.

**Steve:** Listen, it was nice to see you. I gotta run [[Friends-词汇总表#backstage\|backstage]].

**Monica:** Uh, wait, [[Friends-词汇总表#backstage\|backstage]]?

**Steve:** Oh, yeah, my firm [[Friends-词汇总表#represent\|represents]] the band.

**Ross:** Ross.

**Chandler:** Chandler.

**Steve:** How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fooled]] around with my dad?

*(at Central Perk)*

**Ross:** Hey, you guys.

**Rachel:** Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]].

**Ross:** Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?

**Rachel:** Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?

**Monica:** Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah. I used to [[Friends-词汇总表#babysit\|babysit]] him. Hey, how's his dad?

**Monica:** Uh, good.

**Ross:** Uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] from that, the whole evening was pretty much a [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|bust]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, we really missed you guys.

**Joey:** Yeah, look, we were just saying, this whole thing is really stupid.

**Phoebe:** We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a [[Friends-词汇总表#hickey\|hickey]]?

**Monica:** No, I just, I [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] down.

**Rachel:** On someone's [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]]? Where'd you get the [[Friends-词汇总表#hickey\|hickey]]?

**Monica:** You know, a party, or--

**Rachel:** What party?

**Ross:** It wasn't so much a party as...a [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gathering]] of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.

**Joey:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#partied\|partied]] with Hootie and the Blowfish?

**Chandler:** Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this.

**Rachel:** Who gave you that [[Friends-词汇总表#hickey\|hickey]]?

**Monica:** That would be the work of a Blowfish.

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Phoebe:** Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]], and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]]".

**Ross:** Look, don't [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] us. You guys [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] been there, you know.

**Rachel:** What, as part of your poor friends [[Friends-词汇总表#outreach\|outreach]] program?

*(Monica's pager goes off)*

**Monica:** It's work.

**Chandler:** I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] about it. We work really hard for it.

**Joey:** And we don't work hard?

**Monica:** *(on phone)* Yeah, hi, it's Monica. I just got a page.

**Chandler:** I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.

**Joey:** And you feel like we hold you back.

**Chandler:** Yes.

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Chandler:** No.

**Monica:** Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those [[Friends-词汇总表#steak\|steaks]] were just a gift from the [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vendor\|vendor]]. That was not a kick back. I'll just [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.

**Phoebe:** Oh.

*(Everyone goes over to comfort Monica)*

**Waitress:** Here's your check. That'll be $4.12.

**Joey:** Let me get that. *(to Chandler)* You got five [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]?

**Machine:** Here comes the [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]], you know what to do.

**Jade:** Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're probably seeing someone else now, but if we could just have one night together, just for old time's [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sake]], one hot, [[Friends-词汇总表#steamy\|steamy]], wild night...

*(Joey lunges for phone and misses.)*


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（31）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 5 | 442 | 191 | *Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 2 | 64 | 51 | *Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 2 | 181 | 87 | *Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 2 | 60 | 51 | *Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon.  I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 2 | 88 | 68 | *So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled ar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *I got a little drunk...and naked.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wonderin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Hootie and the--oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *That was amazing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, you're Monica Geller aren't you?* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Excuse me, you're Monica Geller aren't you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Yeah, look, we were just saying, this whole thing is really stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor* |

### 常用词（75）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 8 | 152 | 44 | *Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 4 | 73 | 48 | *Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 4 | 92 | 47 | *I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 4 | 56 | 27 | *I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 2 | 27 | 24 | *Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 2 | 21 | 18 | *Oh my god. You are pure evil.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 2 | 58 | 41 | *Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 2 | 67 | 29 | *Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]] | /'telin/ | 樱蛤 |  | 2 | 12 | 11 | *I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 2 | 73 | 42 | *Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]] | /'sælәd/ | n. 色拉 | n. food mixtures either arranged on a plate or tossed and served with a moist dr | 2 | 27 | 17 | *Ok, I will have the uh,  side salad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 2 | 39 | 25 | *Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 2 | 34 | 27 | *Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 2 | 37 | 32 | *Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]] | /bi:p/ | n. 短而尖的声音, 嘟 | n. a short high tone produced as a signal or warning | 2 | 13 | 11 | *Here comes the beep, you know what to do.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 2 | 22 | 18 | *Good, good, I'm a lawyer now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] | /pin/ | n. 大头针, 针, 别针, 栓, 销子, 图钉, 插头, 管脚, 品(液量单位) | n. a piece of jewelry that is pinned onto the wearer's garment | 1 | 19 | 12 | *No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 1 | 33 | 26 | *Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wonderin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wonderin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] | /im'preʃәn/ | n. 印象, 意念, 盖印, 印记, 印数, 底色, 效果 | n. a vague idea in which some confidence is placed | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] | /'streindʒә/ | n. 陌生人, 门外汉 | n. anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found | 1 | 17 | 16 | *I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] | /'bʌni/ | n. 兔子 | n. a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a | 1 | 32 | 17 | *Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] | /ә'fɒ:d/ | vt. 买得起, 足以, 给予 | v. be able to spare or give up | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *If it's not you, this is a horrible story.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#destroy\|destroy]] | /di'strɒi/ | vt. 破坏, 毁坏, 消灭 | v. do away with, cause the destruction or undoing of | 1 | 14 | 12 | *That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]] | /'hæpinis/ | n. 快乐, 幸运, 适当 | n. state of well-being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to int | 1 | 11 | 11 | *That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoever\|whoever]] | /hu'evә/ | pron. 任何人, 无论谁 | pron. Whatever person; any person who; be or she who; any one | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Whoever stood you up is a jerk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Whoever stood you up is a jerk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] | /'feimәs/ | a. 出名的, 极好的 | s widely known and esteemed | 1 | 25 | 15 | *What are these, like famous chickens?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *What are these, like famous chickens?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon.  I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] | /dєә/ | n. 挑战, 挑动, 大胆 | n. a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Do I dare ask?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *And for the gentleman?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] | /su:p/ | n. 汤, 马力 | n. liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pi | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 1 | 56 | 32 | *All right, what's goin' on?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone * |
| somethin |  | [网络] 事端；情书 |  | 1 | 16 | 12 | *'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 1 | 43 | 30 | *Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.* |
| whoo |  | [网络] 后；拱辰享；喔 |  | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Whoo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] | /'dʒestʃә/ | n. 手势, 姿态 | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Look, it's a nice gesture, it is. But it just feels like--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tryin\|tryin]] |  | vi. 设法；试着 |  | 1 | 13 | 11 | *We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Me neither.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] | /'ɒ:sәm/ | a. 引起敬畏的, 可怕的 | s inspiring awe or admiration or wonder | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] | /'ɒ:kwәd/ | a. 笨拙的, 棘手的 | s. causing inconvenience | 1 | 34 | 24 | *It was just so awkward and bumpy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]] | /ru:d/ | a. 粗鲁无礼的, 粗陋的, 粗暴的, 原始的, 未开化的, 大略的, 崎岖不平的, 狂暴的 | s socially incorrect in behavior | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 1 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled ar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] | /'auәz/ | pron. 我们的 | pl.  of I | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] | /ә'said/ | n. 小声说的话, 旁白 | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the  | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Uh, aside from that, the whole evening was pretty much a bust.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *No, I just, I fell down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gather]] | /'gæðә/ | n. 集合, 聚集 | n. sewing consisting of small folds or puckers made by pulling tight a thread in | 1 | 14 | 14 | *It wasn't so much a party as...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] | /nek/ | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈 | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] | /'gilti/ | a. 犯罪的, 有过失的, 自觉有错的, 心虚的 | a. responsible for or chargeable with a reprehensible act | 1 | 16 | 15 | *I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilt* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] | /ri'pleis/ | vt. 代替, 替换, 放回, 归还 | v. substitute a person or thing for (another that is broken or inefficient or lo | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sake]] | /seik/ | n. 目的, 缘故, 理由 | n. a reason for wanting something done | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're* |

### 低频词（83）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blowfish\|blowfish]] |  | n. 河豚 | n. delicacy that is highly dangerous because of a potent nerve poison in ovaries | 6 | 6 | 1 | *No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.* |
| hootie |  | [网络] 胡提 |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]] | /'kɒnsәt/ | n. 音乐会, 和声, 一致 | n. a performance of music by players or singers not involving theatrical staging | 4 | 14 | 7 | *Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] | /'sʌmpleis/ | adv. 在某处 | r in or at or to some place; (`someplace' is used informally for `somewhere') | 3 | 9 | 7 | *Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chop\|chop]] | /tʃɒp/ | n. 肋条肉, 排骨, 砍, 戳记, 商标 | n. the irregular motion of waves (usually caused by wind blowing in a direction  | 3 | 8 | 6 | *I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leon\|leon]] | /'li(:)әn/ | n. 利昂（男子名, 等于Leo） | n. a historical area and former kingdom in northwestern Spain | 3 | 4 | 2 | *I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steak\|steak]] | /steik/ | n. 牛排, 鱼排, 肉排 | n. a slice of meat cut from the fleshy part of an animal or large fish | 3 | 13 | 9 | *Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.* |
| stevie |  | n. 史蒂夫（男子名） |  | 3 | 10 | 4 | *Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hickey\|hickey]] | /'hiki/ | n. [口]器械；[俚]唇印；螺纹接合器；弯管器 | n. a temporary red mark on a person's skin resulting from kissing or sucking by  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#midget\|midget]] | /'midʒit/ | n. 侏儒 | n a person who is markedly small | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] | /pjuә/ | a. 纯的, 纯净的, 纯洁的, 清白的, 完美的, 无瑕的, 抽象的 | a. free of extraneous elements of any kind | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Oh my god. You are pure evil.* |
| roland | /'rәulәnd/ | n. 罗兰（男子名） |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jade\|jade]] | /dʒeid/ | n. 玉, 翡翠, 老马 | n. a semiprecious gemstone that takes a high polish; is usually green but someti | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon.  I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cucumber\|cucumber]] | /'kju:kәmbә/ | n. 黄瓜 | n. a melon vine of the genus Cucumis; cultivated from earliest times for its cyl | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hoopla\|hoopla]] | /'hu:plɑ:/ | n. 喧闹, 大吹大擂的宣传, 投环套物游戏 | n blatant or sensational promotion | 2 | 2 | 1 | *'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] | /'tʃæriti/ | n. 慈悲, 博爱, 慈善团体, 施舍 | n. a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any pa | 2 | 42 | 9 | *Charity.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bumpy\|bumpy]] | /'bʌmpi/ | a. 颠簸的, 崎岖不平的 | s. covered with or full of bumps | 2 | 4 | 3 | *It was just so awkward and bumpy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fisher\|fisher]] | /'fiʃә/ | n. 渔夫, 食鱼动物, 渔船 | n. large dark brown North American arboreal carnivorous mammal | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backstage\|backstage]] | /'bæksteidʒ/ | adv. 在后台, 向后台 | r. out of view of the public; behind the scenes | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Listen, it was nice to see you. I gotta run backstage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestle]] | /'resl/ | n. 摔跤, 角力, 扭斗 | n. the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.* |
| rodrigo |  | n. 罗德里戈（歌曲名称） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, * |
| jane | /dʒein/ | n. 简（女子名） | n. A coin of Genoa; any small coin. | 1 | 12 | 5 | *Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] | /nә:v/ | n. 精神, 勇气, 叶脉, 神经 | n. any bundle of nerve fibers running to various organs and tissues of the body | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#usual\|usual]] | /'ju:ʒuәl/ | a. 平常的, 通常的 | a. occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently or in accordan | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wonderin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aerobics\|aerobics]] | /.eiә'rәubiks/ | n. 有氧运动法；增氧健身法 | n. exercise that increases the need for oxygen | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wonderin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perk\|perk]] | /pә:k/ | vi. 昂首, 振作, 举止高傲, 神气活现, 滤煮 | n an incidental benefit awarded for certain types of employment (especially if i | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seek\|seek]] | /si:k/ | vt. 寻求, 寻找, 探索, 追求, 搜索, 请求 | n. the movement of a read/write head to a specific data track on a disk | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfort\|comfort]] | /'kʌmfәt/ | n. 舒适, 安慰, 安慰者 | n. a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain | 1 | 9 | 8 | *I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wry\|wry]] | /rai/ | a. 扭歪的, 歪曲的, 歪斜的 | s. bent to one side | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horny\|horny]] | /'hɒ:ni/ | a. 角的, 似角一样坚硬的, 角质的, 老茧的 | s. having horns or hornlike projections | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steep\|steep]] | /sti:p/ | n. 浸渍, 悬崖 | n. a steep place (as on a hill) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Look guys, I know it's a little steep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoosh\|whoosh]] | /hwu:ʃ/ | n. 飞快移动 | v. gush or squirt out | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, whoosh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#savin\|savin]] |  | [化] 桧 | n procumbent or spreading juniper | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dust\|dust]] | /dʌst/ | n. 灰尘, 尘埃, 粉末, 花粉, 土, 骚乱 | n. fine powdery material such as dry earth or pollen that can be blown about in  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ordinary\|ordinary]] | /'ɒ:dinәri/ | a. 平常的, 普通的, 平凡的 | n. a judge of a probate court | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fortunately\|fortunately]] | /'fɒitʃәnitli/ | adv. 幸运地, 幸亏 | r. by good fortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kidney\|kidney]] | /'kidni/ | n. 肾, 个性 | n. either of two bean-shaped excretory organs that filter wastes (especially ure | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Yeah, someplace nice.  How much do you think I can get for my kidney?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conventional\|conventional]] | /kәn'venʃәnl/ | a. 传统的, 习惯的, 约定的 | a. following accepted customs and proprieties | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confess\|confess]] | /kәn'fes/ | v. 承认, 坦白, 忏悔, 供认 | v. confess to a punishable or reprehensible deed, usually under pressure | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] | /'sensitiv/ | a. 敏感的, 易感的, 灵敏的, 感光的 | a. responsive to physical stimuli | 1 | 21 | 9 | *I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newly\|newly]] | /'nju:li/ | adv. 重新, 最近 | r. very recently | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appoint\|appoint]] | /ә'pɒint/ | vt. 任命, 指定, 下令 | v. create and charge with a task or function | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beeper\|beeper]] |  | n. 驾驶飞机的遥控人员 | n. an electronic device that generates a series of beeps when the person carryin | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh, wait, and I got a beeper!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roper\|roper]] | /'rәjpә(r)/ | n. 制绳者, <美>用索套捕牲口的牧人,诱人进入赌场者 | n. a decoy who lures customers into a gambling establishment (especially one wit | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carpaccio\|carpaccio]] | /kɑ:'pɑ:ttʃɔ:/ | n. (配有调味汁的) 生牛肉片, 白汁红肉 , 擅用红白两色而得名 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grill\|grill]] | /gril/ | n. 烤架, 铁格子, 烤肉 | n. a framework of metal bars used as a partition or a grate | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prawn\|prawn]] | /prɒ:n/ | n. 明虾, 对虾 | n. any of various edible decapod crustaceans | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thai\|thai]] | /tai/ | n. 泰国人, 泰语 | n. a native or inhabitant of Thailand | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leek\|leek]] | /li:k/ | n. 韭 | n. plant having a large slender white bulb and flat overlapping dark green leave | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheaper\|cheaper]] |  | a. 成本更低, 比较便宜的 | a relatively low in price or charging low prices | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cajun\|cajun]] | /'keidʒәn/ | n. 法人后裔（移居美国路易斯安纳州的） | n. a Louisianian descended from Acadian immigrants from Nova Scotia (`Cajun' com | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catfish\|catfish]] | /'kætfiʃ/ | n. 鲶鱼 | n. flesh of scaleless food fish of the southern United States; often farmed | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#verse\|verse]] | /vә:s/ | n. 诗, 韵文, 诗句 | n. a piece of poetry | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#softly\|softly]] | /'sɒftli/ | adv. 柔和地, 静静地, 温柔地 | r. with low volume | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneeze\|sneeze]] | /sni:z/ | n. 喷嚏 | n. a symptom consisting of the involuntary expulsion of air from the nose | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divide\|divide]] | /di'vaid/ | vi. 分开, 分配, 分裂 | n. a serious disagreement between two groups of people (typically producing tens | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apiece\|apiece]] | /ә'pi:s/ | adv. 就每个而论, 各 | r to or from every one of two or more (considered individually) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So five of us is, $33.50 apiece.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] | /prɔm/ | n. (英)音乐会, (美)舞会, 散步道 | n a formal ball held for a school class toward the end of the academic year | 1 | 16 | 8 | *Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flashback\|flashback]] | /'flæʃbæk/ | n. 倒叙, 火舌回闪 | n. a transition (in literary or theatrical works or films) to an earlier event o | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mush\|mush]] | /mʌʃ/ | n. 浓粥, 感伤的话, 软块 | n. cornmeal boiled in water | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeny\|teeny]] | /'ti:ni/ | a. 极小的, 小小的 | s (used informally) very small | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]] | /'negәtiv/ | n. 否定, 否定语, 负数, 底片 | n. a reply of denial | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ebola\|ebola]] | /i'bəulə/ | n. 埃博拉病毒 | n a severe and often fatal disease in humans and nonhuman primates (monkeys and  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skit\|skit]] | /skit/ | n. 讽刺文, 戏文, 小喜剧 | n. a short theatrical episode | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, it's like a skit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eggplant\|eggplant]] | /'egplɑ:nt/ | n. 茄子 | n. egg-shaped vegetable having a shiny skin typically dark purple but occasional | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supplier\|supplier]] | /sә'plaiә/ | n. 供应者, 供给国, 供应商 | n. someone whose business is to supply a particular service or commodity | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#envelope\|envelope]] | /'envәlәup/ | n. 信封, 封套, 封袋 | n. a flat (usually rectangular) container for a letter, thin package, etc. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dorky\|dorky]] | /'dɔ:ki/ | a. 愚蠢的 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enthuse\|enthuse]] | /in'θju:z/ | vt. 使充满热情, 使感兴趣, 使热心 | v. cause to feel enthusiasm | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Could you be less enthused?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulda\|shoulda]] | /'ʃudә/ | <美俚>= should have |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiara\|tiara]] | /ti'ɑ:rә/ | n. 冕状头饰 | n. a jeweled headdress worn by women on formal occasions | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geez\|geez]] | /ɡi:'ez/ | vt. 注射麻醉品 | n. The original native name for the ancient Ethiopic language or | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Geez! Are you ready?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] | /'ku:lә/ | n. 冷却器 | n. a refrigerator for cooling liquids | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awhile\|awhile]] | /ә'hwail/ | adv. 片刻, 一会儿 | r. for a short time | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babysitter\|babysitter]] |  | n. 临时照顾幼儿者 | n. a person engaged to care for children when the parents are not home | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You used to be my babysitter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#represent\|represent]] | /.repri'zent/ | vt. 表现, 表示, 描绘, 讲述, 代表, 象征, 回忆, 再赠送, 再上演 | v. take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, yeah, my firm represents the band.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babysit\|babysit]] |  | vi. (代人临时)照看婴孩 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|bust]] | /bʌst/ | n. 半身像, 胸部, 失败, 殴打 | n. a sculpture of the head and shoulders of a person | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Uh, aside from that, the whole evening was pretty much a bust.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#partied\|partied]] | /'pɑ:rtaɪd/ | v. 为…举行社交聚会（party的过去式与过去分词形式） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You partied with Hootie and the Blowfish?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] | /'kjdә/ | <口> = could have |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outreach\|outreach]] | /aut'ri:tʃ/ | vt. 超出...的范围, 作超出能力所及的事而害及自己, 占...的上风, 胜过 | n. the act of reaching out | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What, as part of your poor friends outreach program?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vendor\|vendor]] | /'vendә/ | n. 小贩, 卖主, 自动售货机 | n someone who promotes or exchanges goods or services for money | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steamy\|steamy]] | /'sti:mi/ | a. 蒸汽的, 充满蒸汽的 | s filled with steam or emitting moisture in the form of vapor or mist | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're* |
