---
season: 2
episode: "16"
title: "The One Where Joey Moves Out"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E16 — The One Where Joey Moves Out

Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler and Joey are sitting at the bar, in their bathrobes, eating cereal

**Joey:** Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrows]] are actually on his hat?

**Chandler:** That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]] of a [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]] for the last 40 years.


> [!scene] Joey finishes his cereal, licks his spoon, and puts it back in the silverware drawer.

**Chandler:** Waaa-aaah.

**Joey:** What?

**Chandler:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]]. You [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licked]] and-and you put. You licked and you put.

**Joey:** Yeah, so.

**Chandler:** Well don't you see how [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] that is? I mean that's like you using my [[Friends-词汇总表#toothbrush\|toothbrush]]. [Joey gets a [[Friends-词汇总表#sheepish\|sheepish]] look] You used my toothbrush?

**Joey:** Well, that was only 'cause I used the red one to [[Friends-词汇总表#unclog\|unclog]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]].

**Chandler:** Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worms]] [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]].

**Joey:** Hey, why can't we use the same [[Friends-词汇总表#toothbrush\|toothbrush]], but we can use the same [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]]?

**Chandler:** Because [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] is soap. It's self-cleaning.

**Joey:** Alright, well next time you take a shower, think about the last thing I [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] and the first thing you wash. OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Phoebe are sitting at the table, Joey and Chandler enter.

**Chandler:** Hey. MONICA and PHOEBE: Hey.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, look at you [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lad\|lads]]. What's the [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]]?

**Joey:** Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a [[Friends-词汇总表#coma\|coma]]? He's havin' a [[Friends-词汇总表#brunch\|brunch]].

**Phoebe:** Ahh.

**Rachel:** [enters from her room] OK, ready when you are.

**Phoebe:** Okey-doke.

**Monica:** I can't believe you guys are actually getting [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoos]].

**Chandler:** Excuse me, you guys are getting [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoos]]?

**Rachel:** Yes, but you can not tell Ross 'cause I want to surprise him.

**Joey:** Wow, this is wild. What're you gonna get?

**Phoebe:** Um, I'm getting a [[Friends-词汇总表#lily\|lily]] for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily.

**Chandler:** Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?

**Joey:** So where you gettin' it?

**Phoebe:** I think on my [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]]. [Ross enters]

**Ross:** What? What's on your [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]]?

**Phoebe:** Um, a [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chip]]. A [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]], I'm getting a tattoo.

**Ross:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]]? Why, why would you want to do that? [to Rachel] Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?

**Ross:** No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?

**Monica:** Ross, come sign this [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.

**Chandler:** Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?

**Monica:** Well, he's my parents' best friend, he has to be there.

**Joey:** Oh, is today the day you're gonna tell them about you two?

**Monica:** Yeah. It's my dad's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]], I [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to give him a [[Friends-词汇总表#stroke\|stroke]].

**Phoebe:** No, I think you should tell them.

**Monica:** No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.

**Ross:** I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'


> [!scene] Scene: The Gellers' house. Monica, Ross, and Richard are arriving to Mr. Gellers birthday party.

**Ross:** Alright, shall we?

**Monica:** OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.

**Ross:** Monica, Monica, you could come in [[Friends-词汇总表#straddle\|straddling]] him, they still wouldn't believe it.


> [!scene] opens door] We're here.

**Mrs. Geller:** Oh hi kids. Hi darling.

**Monica:** Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] dad.

**Mr. Geller:** Oh thank you.

**Ross:** Hi ma.

**Richard:** Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]].

**Mrs. Geller:** Well, you kids thank Dr. Burke for the ride?

**Ross:** Uh, actually mom, I think Monica thanked him for the both of us.


> [!scene] Scene: The Gellers' kitchen. Monica, Mrs. Geller and one of Mrs. Geller's friends are preparing the cake.

**Friend:** Well, you kids take the [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] in?

**Mrs. Geller:** No, Richard Burke gave them a ride.

**Friend:** Oh. Speaking of [[Friends-词汇总表#whom\|whom]], I hear he's got some 20-year-old [[Friends-词汇总表#twinkie\|twinkie]] in the city.


> [!scene] Monica sprays whipped cream all over the place

**Monica:** Finger [[Friends-词汇总表#cramp\|cramp]]. Oh God, sorry. Here, let me get that mom.

**Mrs. Geller:** Sooo, Richard's shopping in the junior section.

**Monica:** Are we still on that?

**Mrs. Geller:** We just know she's got the IQ of a napkin.

**Friend:** She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up. [Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|folds]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]] over her breasts]


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's co-star's apartment. Chandler and Joey are at the brunch.

**Joey:** Can you believe this place?

**Chandler:** I know, this is a great apartment.

**Joey:** Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirrors]] on both sides of you. So when you're in there it's like you're peein' with the Rockettes.

**Chandler:** Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously. JOEY'S CO-STAR: Hey.

**Joey:** Hey! We were just sayin', great apartment man. JOEY'S CO-STAR: Thanks. You want it?

**Joey:** Huh? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Yeah, I'm movin' to a [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] place. You should definitely take this one.

**Joey:** Yeah, can you see me in a place like this? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Why not? You hate park views and high [[Friends-词汇总表#ceiling\|ceilings]]? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.

**Chandler:** [being left behind] Oh that's all right [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fellas]], I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.


> [!scene] Scene: Mr. Geller's party. Mr. Geller and a friend are questioning Richard while Ross observes.

**Mr. Geller:** C'mon, tell us.

**Friend:** Yeah, is she really 20.

**Richard:** I am not telling you guys anything.

**Mr. Geller:** C'mon Rich, it's my birthday, let me live vicariously.

**Ross:** Dad, you really don't want to do that.

**Mr. Geller:** Ahh, what's a little mid-life crisis between friends?

**Richard:** Jack, would you let it go?

**Mr. Geller:** Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.

**Richard:** Guys. Seriously, it is not like that.

**Mr. Geller:** Tell you what, maybe one of these weekends you can borrow the car and I cou. . .

**Ross:** Dad, I [[Friends-词汇总表#beg\|beg]] you not to finish that [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]].

**Mr. Geller:** What? I'm kidding. You know I'd never let him touch the Porsche.


> [!scene] Scene: Tattoo parlor. Phoebe and Rachel are deciding on tattoos.

**Phoebe:** OK Rach, which, which [[Friends-词汇总表#lily\|lily]]? This lily or that lily?

**Rachel:** Well I. . .

**Phoebe:** I like this [[Friends-词汇总表#lily\|lily]]. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh. TATTOO ARTIST: Alright, [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.

**Phoebe:** Here we go.

**Rachel:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#reluctantly\|reluctantly]]] Uh-huh.

**Phoebe:** You're not going?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh.

**Phoebe:** What? Is it - is this 'cause of what Ross said?

**Rachel:** No. Well, yeah, maybe.

**Phoebe:** I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]]. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?

**Rachel:** What's 1922?

**Phoebe:** Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was [[Friends-词汇总表#suffrage\|suffrage]], which is a good thing but is sounds [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]. Do you want to get this [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]]?

**Rachel:** Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . .

**Phoebe:** OK, hey, HEY. Is your boyfriend the [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] of you?

**Rachel:** No.

**Phoebe:** OK, who is the [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] of you?!!

**Rachel:** You?

**Phoebe:** No. You are the [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] of you. Now you march your [[Friends-词汇总表#heinie\|heinie]] in there and get that heart [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattooed]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]]. GO!!


> [!scene] Scene: Mr. Geller's birthday party. Monica is in the bathroom and Richard comes in.

**Richard:** How ya doin'?

**Monica:** I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#twinkie\|twinkie]].

**Richard:** Really? I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]].

**Monica:** Oh, this is so hard.

**Richard:** Yeah, I know. I hate it too. Look, maybe we should just tell them.

**Monica:** Maybe we should just tell your parents first.

**Richard:** My parents are dead.

**Monica:** God, you are so lucky. I mean, I mean. . . you know what I mean.

**Richard:** I know, I know. Just hang in there, OK. OK, I'll go out first, alright.

**Monica:** Alright.

**Richard:** [walks out of the bathroom and runs into Mrs. Geller who is going to the bathroom] Judy, going to the bathroom, good for you.

**Mrs. Geller:** Thank you Richard, I appreciate the support.


> [!scene] Monica jumps in the shower. Right after Mrs. Geller enters the bathroom, Mr. Geller peeks his head in.

**Mr. Geller:** Honey. Honey, have you seen my Harmon Kilerbrew bat? Bob doesn't believe I have one.

**Mrs. Geller:** I have no idea. Did you know Richard has a twinkie in the city?

**Mr. Geller:** I know. He's like a new man. It's like a scene from Cocoon.

**Mrs. Geller:** I just never would have pictured Richard with a bimbo.

**Mr. Geller:** Apparently, he told Johnny Shapiro that she's quite a girl. In fact, he told Johnny that he thinks he's falling in love with her.

**Mrs. Geller:** Really.

**Mr. Geller:** I tell you, I've never seen him this happy.

**Mrs. Geller:** So Jack, you ever think about trading me in for a younger model?

**Mr. Geller:** Of course not. With you it's like I've got two 25-year-olds.

**Mrs. Geller:** [they start kissing] Oh Jack stop.

**Mr. Geller:** C'mon, it's my birthday.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler and Joey are returning from their brunch.

**Joey:** Can we drop this? I am not interested in the guy's apartment.

**Chandler:** Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his [[Friends-词汇总表#moulding\|mouldings]]. You want it.

**Joey:** Why would I want another apartment, huh? I've already got an apartment that I love.

**Chandler:** Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.

**Joey:** Alright, you want the truth? I'm thinkin' about it.

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] anymore.

**Chandler:** Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] either, OK? I can [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#silverware\|silverware]].

**Joey:** What're you gettin' so [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bent]] out of [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shape]] for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]. We're not Bert and Ernie.

**Chandler:** Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.

**Joey:** Well that's how I feel.

**Chandler:** Well then maybe you should take it.

**Joey:** Well then maybe I will.

**Chandler:** Fine with me.

**Joey:** Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoons]].


> [!scene] Scene: Mr. Geller's birthday party. Mr. and Mrs. Geller enter looking particularly refreshed. Monica follows looking rather pale.

**Mr. Geller:** Who's drink can I freshen?

**Mrs. Geller:** Almost time for cake.

**Ross:** Mon, Mon, are you OK?

**Monica:** You remember that video I found of mom and dad?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Well, I just caught the live show.

**Ross:** Eww.


> [!scene] Scene: Mr. Geller's birthday party. Monica and Richard are alone in the kitchen.

**Monica:** Hey there.

**Richard:** What?

**Monica:** Nothing, I just heard something nice about you.

**Richard:** Humm, really?


> [!scene] Mrs. Geller and Ross both enter

**Mrs. Geller:** Richard. Richard. Your son isn't seeing anyone is he?

**Richard:** Uhh, not that I know of.

**Mrs. Geller:** Well, I was thinking, why doesn't he give Monica a call?

**Richard:** That - that's an idea.

**Monica:** Well, actually, I'm already seeing someone.

**Mrs. Geller:** Oh?

**Richard:** Oh?

**Ross:** Ohh.

**Mrs. Geller:** She never tells us anything. Ross, did you know Monica's seeing someone?

**Ross:** Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that [[Friends-词汇总表#crystal\|crystal]]?

**Mrs. Geller:** So, who's the mystery man?

**Monica:** Well, uh, he's a doctor.

**Mrs. Geller:** A real doctor?

**Monica:** No, a doctor of [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]]. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]], and he's sweet, and know you'd like him. [she puts her [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] around Richard]

**Mrs. Geller:** Well that's wonderful. . . I

**Monica:** Mom, it's OK.

**Richard:** It is Judy.

**Mrs. Geller:** Jack. Could you come in here for a moment? NOW!

**Mr. Geller:** [enters with his bat] Found it.

**Ross:** I'll take that dad. [grabs the [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]]]

**Mrs. Geller:** It seems your daughter and Richard are something of an item.

**Mr. Geller:** That's impossible, he's got a twinkie in the city.

**Monica:** Dad, I'm the [[Friends-词汇总表#twinkie\|twinkie]].

**Mr. Geller:** You're the twinkie?

**Richard:** She's not a [[Friends-词汇总表#twinkie\|twinkie]].

**Monica:** Al-alright, l-look you guys, this is the best relationship I've been in. . .

**Mrs. Geller:** Oh please, a relationship.

**Monica:** Yes, a relationship. For your information I am crazy about this man.

**Richard:** Really?

**Monica:** Yes.

**Mr. Geller:** Am I supposed to stand here and listen to this on my birthday?

**Monica:** Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]].

**Mr. Geller:** When did I say that?

**Monica:** Upstairs in the bathroom right before you felt up mom.


> [!scene] Everyone else enters and all start singing Happy Birthday.


> [!scene] Scene: Tattoo parlor. Rachel is showing Phoebe her tattoo.

**Phoebe:** Oh that looks so good, oh I love it.

**Rachel:** I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.

**Phoebe:** Ahh. OK, let's see yours again.

**Rachel:** Phoebe we just saw mine, let me see yours.

**Phoebe:** Oh OK. [pulls over her shirt and shows a [[Friends-词汇总表#bare\|bare]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]]] Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went.

**Rachel:** You didn't get it?

**Phoebe:** No.

**Rachel:** Why didn't you get it?

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

**Rachel:** Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.

**Phoebe:** I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]] and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?

**Rachel:** Really? You don't say, because mine was [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licked]] on by [[Friends-词汇总表#kitten\|kittens]].


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is at the bar and Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey listen, I'm sorry about what happened. . .

**Chandler:** Yeah me too.

**Joey:** I know. Yeah.

**Chandler:** Yeah. So do we need to [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] here or. . .

**Joey:** No, we're alright.

**Chandler:** So I got ya something. [[[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|tosses]] Joey a bag of plastic [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoons]]]

**Joey:** Plastic [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoons]]. Great.

**Chandler:** Lick away my man.

**Joey:** These'll go great in my new place. You know, 'till I get real ones.

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** Well, I can't use these [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]. I mean, let's face it, they're no friend to the environment.

**Chandler:** No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place?

**Joey:** I'm movin' out like we talked about.

**Chandler:** Well I didn't think that was serious. [grabs the [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoons]] back] Ya know I thought that was just a fight.

**Joey:** Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.

**Chandler:** Well, there you go.

**Joey:** Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]].

**Chandler:** Hey, no, I've never been lower or [[Friends-词汇总表#wetter\|wetter]]. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] into a game room or somethin', you know, put the [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] table in there.

**Joey:** Woah. Why do you get to keep the table?

**Chandler:** I did pay for half of it.

**Joey:** Yeah. And uh, I paid for the other half.

**Chandler:** Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it.

**Joey:** Alright, you're on. I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.

**Chandler:** Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.

**Joey:** Woah, woah, woah, woah. Which sister?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Richard are setting the table.

**Monica:** So, are you sorry that I told them?

**Richard:** No, it's been a long time since your dad and I went running.


> [!scene] Rachel and Phoebe enter

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Monica:** Oh. Well did you get it? Let me see.

**Rachel:** Is Ross here?

**Monica:** No he went out to get [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]].

**Rachel:** Oh really, OK. [shows Monica her [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]]]

**Monica:** That's great.

**Richard:** Very [[Friends-词汇总表#tasteful\|tasteful]].

**Phoebe:** Wanna see mine, wanna see mine?

**Monica:** Yes.

**Rachel:** What? You didn't get one.

**Phoebe:** OK, well then what is this? [shows her [[Friends-词汇总表#bare\|bare]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]]]

**Richard:** What're we looking at? That blue [[Friends-词汇总表#freckle\|freckle]]?

**Phoebe:** OK, that's my [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]].

**Rachel:** That is not a [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]], that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]], she jumped up [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screaming]], and that was it.

**Phoebe:** OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]] of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from [[Friends-词汇总表#heaven\|heaven]].

**Rachel:** Oh, what a load of [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]. That is a [[Friends-词汇总表#dot\|dot]]. Your mother is up in [[Friends-词汇总表#heaven\|heaven]] going, 'Where the hell is my [[Friends-词汇总表#lily\|lily]], you [[Friends-词汇总表#wuss\|wuss]]?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]], this is a tattoo. [she [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bends]] over and bears her tattoo right when Ross returns]

**Ross:** You got a [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]]?

**Rachel:** Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.

**Ross:** Lemme see. [looks]

**Rachel:** Well?

**Ross:** Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Ross:** Yeah, so uh, is it [[Friends-词汇总表#sore\|sore]] or can you do stuff?

**Rachel:** I guess.

**Ross:** Hey, save us some [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]. [they go off to Rachel's room]


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler and Joey are playing foosball for the table.

**Joey:** Get out of the corner. Pass it, pass it.

**Chandler:** Stop talkin' to your men. [Joey scores]

**Joey:** Yes! And the table is mine.

**Chandler:** Congratulations. [Chandler [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's apartment. The whole gang is helping Joey pack.

**Joey:** Hey, you guys are still gonna come visit me, right?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . [Chandler gives him a look] except when we are here.

**Phoebe:** I know you're just moving [[Friends-词汇总表#uptown\|uptown]] but I'm really gonna miss you.

**Monica:** I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.

**Rachel:** Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] up our phone lines, and - is that my [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]? What the hell you doin' with my bra?

**Joey:** Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]] water [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloons]] off the [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]]. Remember that, those [[Friends-词汇总表#junior\|junior]] high kids couldn't even get [[Friends-词汇总表#theirs\|theirs]] accross the street.

**Chandler:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#quietly\|quietly]]] Yeah, I remember.

**Ross:** Hey, let's bring the rest of these down to the truck.


> [!scene] Everyone except Joey and Chandler leave.

**Chandler:** So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] table?

**Joey:** Naa, you keep it, you need the practice.

**Chandler:** Thanks.

**Joey:** So, I guess this is it.

**Chandler:** Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so.


> [!scene] Joey walks to the door. He stops, turns around.

**Joey:** Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.

**Chandler:** Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.

**Joey:** Right, yeah. OK. Um, take care.

**Chandler:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Joey walks out and after a few seconds comes back in and gives Chandler a big hug. He then leaves for good and Chandler is left alone in his apartment.


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（42）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 13 | 296 | 85 | *Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 9 | 308 | 105 | *Um, I'm getting a lily for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 6 | 180 | 101 | *Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 5 | 254 | 104 | *I know, this is a great apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 5 | 133 | 83 | *Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 3 | 266 | 138 | *Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 3 | 95 | 64 | *I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *I guess.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 2 | 68 | 52 | *Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously. JOEY'S CO-STAR: Hey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 2 | 182 | 101 | *Yeah, can you see me in a place like this? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Why not? You hate park views and high cei* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 2 | 92 | 56 | *How ya doin'?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enoug* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, not that I know of.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 2 | 86 | 66 | *I'll take that dad. [grabs the bat]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 2 | 102 | 59 | *Well I didn't think that was serious. [grabs the spoons back] Ya know I thought that was just a figh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 2 | 181 | 87 | *Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Alright, well next time you take a shower, think about the last thing I wash and the first thing you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, you guys are getting tattoos?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Yes, but you can not tell Ross 'cause I want to surprise him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it does* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Huh? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Yeah, I'm movin' to a bigger place. You should definitely take this one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *OK, hey, HEY. Is your boyfriend the boss of you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *I know, I know. Just hang in there, OK. OK, I'll go out first, alright.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *[walks out of the bathroom and runs into Mrs. Geller who is going to the bathroom] Judy, going to th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the spoons.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Well, I just caught the live show.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Yes, a relationship. For your information I am crazy about this man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Oh OK. [pulls over her shirt and shows a bare shoulder] Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Hey listen, I'm sorry about what happened. . .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anythin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anythin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Alright, you're on. I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell * |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| woah |  | [网络] 哇；哇哦；原谅的错却不能重来过 |  | 8 | 55 | 12 | *Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 4 | 15 | 11 | *I think on my shoulder. [Ross enters]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 4 | 152 | 44 | *Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 4 | 78 | 41 | *I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] | /spu:n/ | n. 匙, 调羹, 匙形工具 | n. a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to | 4 | 17 | 12 | *Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the spoons.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] | /lik/ | n. 舔, 少许, 打 | n. touching with the tongue | 3 | 15 | 11 | *The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 3 | 46 | 26 | *Hey, why can't we use the same toothbrush, but we can use the same soap?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]] | /'kæptin/ | n. 船长, 指挥官, 海军上校, 首领 | n. an officer holding a rank below a major but above a lieutenant | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#havin\|havin]] |  | n. (Havin)人名；(挪)哈温 |  | 2 | 12 | 10 | *Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a coma? He's havin' a brunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 2 | 31 | 28 | *So where you gettin' it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] | /blɔnd/ | a. (头发)亚麻色的, 淡色的, 白肤金发碧眼的, 白里透红的, 白皙的, 淡黄色的 | n a person with fair skin and hair | 2 | 14 | 11 | *I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spiri* |
| judy | /'dʒu:di/ | n. 朱迪（女子名）；朱迪（英国木偶戏 Punch and Judy中的妻子） |  | 2 | 20 | 14 | *[walks out of the bathroom and runs into Mrs. Geller who is going to the bathroom] Judy, going to th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 2 | 79 | 44 | *I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enoug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 2 | 58 | 48 | *What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] | /'fuzbɔl/ | n. 桌上足球 |  | 2 | 14 | 11 | *Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 2 | 73 | 42 | *No he went out to get pizza.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 2 | 46 | 20 | *Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. [Joey gets a sheep* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 1 | 25 | 21 | *Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Alright, well next time you take a shower, think about the last thing I wash and the first thing you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *Ooh, look at you fancy lads. What's the occasion?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 1 | 39 | 27 | *Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 1 | 56 | 32 | *Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Well, you kids take the train in?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Finger cramp. Oh God, sorry. Here, let me get that mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up. [Mon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Huh? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Yeah, I'm movin' to a bigger place. You should definitely take this one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 1 | 16 | 14 | *[being left behind] Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beg\|beg]] | /beg/ | v. 乞求, 乞讨, 请求 | v. call upon in supplication; entreat | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]] | /'hiәrәu/ | n. 英雄, 超越常人者, 男主角 | n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Really? I'm a hero.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Alright, you want the truth? I'm thinkin' about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] | /ә'fɒ:d/ | vt. 买得起, 足以, 给予 | v. be able to spare or give up | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bend]] | /bend/ | vi. 变弯曲, 屈服 | n. a circular segment of a curve | 1 | 10 | 10 | *What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shape]] | /ʃeip/ | n. 形状, 形态, 外形, 形式, 身材 | n. any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) | 1 | 18 | 17 | *What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever.* |
| eww |  | abbr. 墨西哥指数基金 |  | 1 | 23 | 17 | *Eww.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *No, a doctor of meat. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's handsome, and he's sweet, and know you'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] | /'hænsәm/ | a. 英俊的, 大方的, 慷慨的, 相当可观的, 美观的, 灵敏的 | s pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form an | 1 | 13 | 11 | *No, a doctor of meat. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's handsome, and he's sweet, and know you'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] | /bæt/ | n. 蝙蝠, 球棒 | n. nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings a | 1 | 15 | 13 | *I'll take that dad. [grabs the bat]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Upstairs in the bathroom right before you felt up mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Yeah. So do we need to hug here or. . .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|toss]] | /tɒs/ | n. 投掷, 抛, 摇摆, 震荡, 掷钱币决定 | n. an abrupt movement | 1 | 10 | 10 | *So I got ya something. [tosses Joey a bag of plastic spoons]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game* |
| somethin |  | [网络] 事端；情书 |  | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her wit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *Stop talkin' to your men. [Joey scores]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Congratulations. [Chandler leaves]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]] | /ru:f/ | n. 屋顶, 室顶 | n. a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building | 1 | 18 | 12 | *Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#junior\|junior]] | /'dʒu:njә/ | n. 年少者, 地位较低者, 大学三年级学生 | n. term of address for a disrespectful and annoying male | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off* |

### 低频词（56）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]] | /tә'tu:/ | n. 归营号, 连续有节奏的敲击, 文身, 矮种马 | n. a drumbeat or bugle call that signals the military to return to their quarter | 13 | 5 | 4 | *Um, a chip. A tattoo, I'm getting a tattoo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lily\|lily]] | /'lili/ | n. 百合, 百合花 | n. any liliaceous plant of the genus Lilium having showy pendulous flowers | 7 | 16 | 7 | *Um, I'm getting a lily for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twinkie\|twinkie]] | /'twiŋki/ | n. 奶油夹心蛋糕 | n. a small sponge cake with a synthetic cream filling | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toothbrush\|toothbrush]] | /'tu:θbrʌʃ/ | n. 牙刷 | n. small brush; has long handle; used to clean teeth | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. [Joey gets a sheep* |
| movin |  | [网络] 移动平均线 |  | 2 | 12 | 8 | *Huh? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Yeah, I'm movin' to a bigger place. You should definitely take this one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lem\|lem]] | /lem/ | n. (Lem)人名；(俄、西、英)莱姆 | n a spacecraft that carries astronauts from the command module to the surface of | 2 | 8 | 5 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bare\|bare]] | /bєә/ | a. 赤裸的, 缺少的, 无遮蔽的, 坦率的 | v. lay bare | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh OK. [pulls over her shirt and shows a bare shoulder] Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]] | /'ni:dl/ | n. 针, 尖 | n. a slender pointer for indicating the reading on the scale of a measuring inst | 2 | 8 | 5 | *I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heaven\|heaven]] | /'hevn/ | n. 天堂, 上帝, 天空 | n. the abode of God and the angels | 2 | 10 | 7 | *OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen fr* |
| accross |  | [网络] 明显不对啦；横穿马路 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crunch\|crunch]] | /krʌntʃ/ | v. 嘎吱嘎吱的咬嚼, 压碎, 嘎吱嘎吱地踏过 | n. the sound of something crunching | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrow]] | /'aibrau/ | n. 眉毛 | n. the arch of hair above each eye | 1 | 11 | 6 | *Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]] | /'siәriәl/ | n. 谷类食品, 谷类植物 | n. grass whose starchy grains are used as food: wheat; rice; rye; oats; maize; b | 1 | 7 | 7 | *That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sheepish\|sheepish]] | /'ʃi:piʃ/ | a. 懦弱的, 羞怯的 | s like or suggestive of a sheep in docility or stupidity or meekness or timidity | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. [Joey gets a sheep* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unclog\|unclog]] | /'ʌn'klɔ^/ | vt.使畅通,清除…的阻塞, 扫除…的阻碍 | v. become or cause to become unobstructed | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, that was only 'cause I used the red one to unclog the drain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]] | /drein/ | n. 排水沟, 消耗, 排水 | n. emptying something accomplished by allowing liquid to run out of it | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Well, that was only 'cause I used the red one to unclog the drain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worm]] | /wә:m/ | n. 虫, 蠕虫, 小人物, 螺纹, 蜗杆 | n. any of numerous relatively small elongated soft-bodied animals especially of  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lad\|lad]] | /læd/ | n. 青年, 家伙, 少年, 情人 | n a boy or man | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Ooh, look at you fancy lads. What's the occasion?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]] | /ә'keiʒәn/ | n. 场合, 时机, 机会, 诱因, 理由 | n. reason | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Ooh, look at you fancy lads. What's the occasion?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coma\|coma]] | /'kәumә/ | n. 昏迷, 麻木, 彗发 | n. a state of deep and often prolonged unconsciousness; usually the result of di | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a coma? He's havin' a brunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brunch\|brunch]] | /brʌntʃ/ | n. 早午餐 | n. combination breakfast and lunch; usually served in late morning | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a coma? He's havin' a brunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#splotch\|splotch]] | /splɒtʃ/ | n. 斑点, 污点 | v. blotch or spot | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stroke\|stroke]] | /strәuk/ | n. 笔划, 打, 中风, 抚, 摩, 冲程 | n. (sports) the act of swinging or striking at a ball with a club or racket or b | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah. It's my dad's birthday, I decided to give him a stroke.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#straddle\|straddle]] | /'strædl/ | n. 跨坐, 观望 | n. a noncommittal or equivocal position | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whom\|whom]] | /hu:m/ | pron. 谁 | pron. The objective case of who. See Who. | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cramp\|cramp]] | /kræmp/ | n. 痉挛, 腹部绞痛, 铁夹钳 | n. a clamp for holding pieces of wood together while they are glued | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Finger cramp. Oh God, sorry. Here, let me get that mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|fold]] | /fәuld/ | n. 折层, 折, 羊栏, 折痕, 信徒 | n. an angular or rounded shape made by folding | 1 | 12 | 9 | *She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up. [Mon* |
| rockettes |  | [网络] 火箭女郎舞蹈团；踢踏女郎们；洛克慈女郎舞蹈团 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it* |
| sayin |  | [网络] 宋颖颐 |  | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Hey! We were just sayin', great apartment man. JOEY'S CO-STAR: Thanks. You want it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceiling\|ceiling]] | /'si:liŋ/ | n. 天花板 | n. the overhead upper surface of a covered space | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Yeah, can you see me in a place like this? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Why not? You hate park views and high cei* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foghorn\|foghorn]] | /'fɒghɒ:n/ | n. 雾号, 响而尖的声音 | n. a loud low warning signal that can be heard by fogbound ships | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spiri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leghorn\|leghorn]] | /'leghɒ:n/ | n. 麦秆编制的帽子, 来航鸡 | n a stiff hat made of straw with a flat crown | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spiri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reluctantly\|reluctantly]] | /rɪ'lʌktəntlɪ/ | adv. 不情愿地, 勉强地 | r. with reluctance | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[reluctantly] Uh-huh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suffrage\|suffrage]] | /'sʌfridʒ/ | n. 投票, 选举权, 参政权, 代祷 | n a legal right guaranteed by the 15th amendment to the US Constitution; guarant | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heinie\|heinie]] | /'haini/ | n. <贬>德国兵[佬], <俚>屁股 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]] | /hip/ | n. 臀部, 蔷薇果, 忧郁 | n. either side of the body below the waist and above the thigh | 1 | 12 | 9 | *No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moulding\|moulding]] | /'mәuldiŋ/ | n. 模制, 浇铸 | n a decorative strip used for ornamentation or finishing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silverware\|silverware]] | /'silvәwєә/ | n. 银器 | n. tableware made of silver or silver plate or pewter or stainless steel | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, * |
| bert | /b\\:t/ | n. 伯特（男子名, 等于Burt） |  | 1 | 16 | 3 | *What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever.* |
| ernie | /'ә:ni:/ | n. 摇奖机 |  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humm\|humm]] |  | [人名] 赫姆 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Humm, really?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crystal\|crystal]] | /'kristl/ | n. 水晶, 水晶装饰品, 结晶 | n. a solid formed by the solidification of a chemical and having a highly regula | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] |  | a. 更快乐的, 更幸福的 | a enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kitten\|kitten]] | /'kitn/ | n. 小猫, 淘气姑娘 | n. young domestic cat | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Really? You don't say, because mine was licked on by kittens.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wetter\|wetter]] | /'wetә/ | n. 湿润剂 | n. a workman who wets the work in a manufacturing process | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tasteful\|tasteful]] | /'teistful/ | a. 有鉴赏力的, 趣味高雅的, 雅观的 | a. having or showing or conforming to good taste | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Very tasteful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freckle\|freckle]] | /'frekl/ | n. 雀斑, 斑点 | n. a small brownish spot (of the pigment melanin) on the skin | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What're we looking at? That blue freckle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dot\|dot]] | /dɒt/ | n. 点, 圆点, 小数点, 小东西, 嫁妆 | n. the shorter of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wuss\|wuss]] | /wʊs/ | n. <俚>懦弱的人, 无用的人 | n a person who is physically weak and ineffectual | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sore\|sore]] | /sɒ:/ | a. 悲伤的, 痛的, 引起痛苦的 | n. an open skin infection | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah, so uh, is it sore or can you do stuff?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uptown\|uptown]] | /'ʌp'taun/ | n. 非中心区, 住宅区 | n. a residential part of town away from the central commercial district | 1 | 8 | 5 | *I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]] | /fliŋ/ | n. 投掷, 急冲, 嘲弄 | n. the act of flinging | 1 | 13 | 7 | *Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] | /bә'lu:n/ | n. 气球 | n. large tough nonrigid bag filled with gas or heated air | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theirs\|theirs]] | /ðєәz/ | pron. 他们的 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quietly\|quietly]] | /'kwaiәtli/ | adv. 安静地, 沉着地, 秘密地 | r. with little or no sound | 1 | 7 | 7 | *[quietly] Yeah, I remember.* |
| naa |  | 全国航空协会(美国) |  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Naa, you keep it, you need the practice.* |
