---
season: 2
episode: "19"
title: "The One Where Eddie Won't Go"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E19 — The One Where Eddie Won't Go


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's bedroom. Chandler is sleeping and Eddie is there watching him.


> [!scene] Chandler wakes up

**Chandler:** Hey Eddie. Daahh!! What're you doin' here?

**Eddie:** Nothin' [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]], just watchin' you sleep.

**Chandler:** Why?

**Eddie:** Makes me feel um, [[Friends-词汇总表#peaceful\|peaceful]], [[Friends-词汇总表#heh\|heh]]-heh, please.

**Chandler:** I can't sleep now.

**Eddie:** You want me to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]]?

**Chandler:** No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.

**Eddie:** Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.

**Chandler:** Hannibal Lecter...better [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] than you.

**Eddie:** No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] behind the door, what's that about, huh?

**Chandler:** I didn't realize that.

**Eddie:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** GET OUT NOW!!

**Eddie:** Ok, you really want me out?

**Chandler:** Yes please.

**Eddie:** Ok, then I want to hear you say it, I, I want to hear you say you want me out.

**Chandler:** I want you out.

**Eddie:** No no no, I wanna hear it from your [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]].

**Chandler:** Where did you hear it from before?

**Eddie:** Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow.


> [!scene] Eddie leaves the room and Chandler mouths "Thank you" to himself

**Eddie:** I heard that. OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are there, Joey enters wearing an old looking hat.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey. Whe-[[Friends-词汇总表#ell\|ell]], look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?

**Joey:** Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?

**Monica:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]]?

**Joey:** Fine, make fun. I think it's [[Friends-词汇总表#jaunty\|jaunty]].

**Monica:** Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an [[Friends-词汇总表#awfully\|awfully]] good [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]].

**Joey:** Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#cache\|cache]].

**Monica:** Cache? Jaunty?

**Joey:** Chandler gave me word of the day [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] paper. I'm gonna get some coffee.


> [!scene] Phoebe enters

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Oooh, so so so, did you read the book?

**Monica:** Oh my God, it was incredible.

**Phoebe:** Didn't it like totally speak to you?

**Rachel:** Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?

**Monica:** Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more [[Friends-词汇总表#empower\|empowered]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.

**Rachel:** Men just take out wind?

**Phoebe:** Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bearer\|bearers]].

**Rachel:** Wow.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Well that sounds kinda cool, kinda like The Hobbit.

**Monica:** It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.

**Phoebe:** Oh yes, no, Richard would never steal your wind.

**Monica:** No.

**Phoebe:** No, 'cause he's [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]].

**Monica:** Yes. But all the other ones.

**Phoebe:** Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of [[Friends-词汇总表#inner\|inner]] power, but God [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbid]] we should take a [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sip]].

**Joey:** Anybody want a croan.

**Phoebe:** Ok, this is a [[Friends-词汇总表#typical\|typical]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#bearer\|bearer]] thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]] man [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cakes]]?'


> [!scene] Scene: Estelle Leonard Talent Agency.Joey is there.

**Estelle:** Don't worry about it already. Things happen.

**Joey:** So, you're not mad at me for getting fired and everything?

**Estelle:** Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]]?

**Joey:** No, can we get back to me?

**Estelle:** Look honey, people get fired left and right in this business. I already got you an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] for Another World.

**Joey:** Alright. Cab driver number two?

**Estelle:** You're welcome.

**Joey:** But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a [[Friends-词汇总表#neurosurgeon\|neurosurgeon]] to drivin' a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]]?

**Estelle:** Things change, [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] with em.

**Joey:** But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step [[Friends-词汇总表#backwards\|backwards]]. I'm not gonna do this.

**Estelle:** Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his [[Friends-词汇总表#pyramid\|pyramid]] of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.

**Joey:** I'm sorry. See ya.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are there. Rachel has just finished reading the book.

**Rachel:** Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.

**Monica:** Isn't it.

**Rachel:** Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.

**Phoebe:** I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.

**Ross:** Hey you guys.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Ross:** Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.

**Rachel:** NO!

**Ross:** No?

**Rachel:** No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?

**Ross:** Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.

**Rachel:** No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.

**Monica:** You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?

**Ross:** Excuse me, your, your, your wind?

**Rachel:** Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?

**Ross:** You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.

**Rachel:** Ok, I just, I just really need to be with myself right now. I'm sorry.

**Phoebe:** Um-um, um-um.

**Rachel:** You're right, I don't have to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]]. Sorry. Damnit!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey and Ross enter.

**Joey:** What is it?

**Ross:** I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#sacred\|sacred]] pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.

**Joey:** See, this is why I don't date women who read. Uh-oh.

**Ross:** What, what's that?

**Joey:** It's my VISA bill. Envelope one of two. That can't be good.

**Ross:** Open it, open in.

**Joey:** Oh my God.

**Ross:** Woah.

**Joey:** Look at this, how did I spend so much money?

**Ross:** Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.

**Joey:** Ahh.

**Ross:** What, woah, woah, $3500 at [[Friends-词汇总表#porcelain\|porcelain]] [[Friends-词汇总表#safari\|safari]]?

**Joey:** My animals. Hey the guy said they [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suited]] me, he [[Friends-词汇总表#spoke\|spoke]] with an [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]], I was all [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]]. I don't know what I'm gonna do.

**Ross:** Well I guess you can start by drivin a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] on Another World.

**Joey:** What?

**Ross:** That [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]].

**Joey:** That's a two line part.

**Ross:** Joey, you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] $1100 at I Love Lucite.

**Joey:** So what.

**Ross:** So suck it up man, it's a job, it's money.

**Joey:** Hey, look, I don't need you getting all [[Friends-词汇总表#judgemental\|judgemental]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#condescend\|condescending]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#pedantic\|pedantic]].

**Ross:** Toilet paper?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Look, I'm not being any of those things, ok, I'm just being [[Friends-词汇总表#realistic\|realistic]].

**Joey:** Well [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] it off, you're supposed to be my friend.

**Ross:** I am your friend.

**Joey:** Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'

**Ross:** But I don't know it. What I do know is that you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.

**Joey:** Hey Ross, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] of what I [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]].

**Ross:** Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] you get another.

**Joey:** Look, I don't wanna hear this right now.

**Ross:** Huh, I'm just saying...

**Joey:** Well don't just say.

**Ross:** Ya know, maybe, maybe I should just go.

**Joey:** Ok.

**Ross:** Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.

**Joey:** I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler peeks in the door. He doesn't see Eddie so he enters, breathing a sigh of relief. Eddie pops up from behind the bar.

**Eddie:** Hey pal.

**Chandler:** Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here?

**Eddie:** Ah, just some basic [[Friends-词汇总表#dehydrate\|dehydrating]] of a few [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruits]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetable\|vegetables]]. MAN ALIVE this thing's [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]]!

**Chandler:** Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?

**Eddie:** Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new [[Friends-词汇总表#goldfish\|goldfish]]. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.

**Chandler:** Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?

**Eddie:** Well, not unless it's got something to do with [[Friends-词汇总表#dehydrate\|dehydrating]] my man because right now I'm a dehydrating [[Friends-词汇总表#maniac\|maniac]]!

**Chandler:** Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...

**Eddie:** Ah-ah-ah, you know what that is?

**Chandler:** Your last roommate's [[Friends-词汇总表#kidney\|kidney]]?

**Eddie:** That's a [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]]. This one definitely goes in the display.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Joey goes up to the bar to order.

**Joey:** Hey Gunther, let me get a [[Friends-词汇总表#lemonade\|lemonade]] to go.

**Gunther:** Lemonade? You ok man?

**Joey:** Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.

**Gunther:** Oh, that's too bad. How'd they do it?

**Joey:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] down an [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shaft\|shaft]].

**Gunther:** That sucks. I was [[Friends-词汇总表#bury\|buried]] in an [[Friends-词汇总表#avalanche\|avalanche]].

**Joey:** What?

**Gunther:** I used to be Bryce on All My Children.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Chandler is sleeping on the couch. Monica walks by and starts watching him.


> [!scene] Chandler wakes up

**Chandler:** Daaahhhh!

**Monica:** Aaahhhhhhh! Aaahhhh!

**Chandler:** Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.

**Monica:** I wa-

**Chandler:** Uuuh.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is returning from Monica and Rachel's with his bedding. Eddie is standing at the bar with his dehydrator and loads of fruit.

**Eddie:** Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to [[Friends-词汇总表#dehydrate\|dehydrate]] here. I got some [[Friends-词汇总表#grape\|grapes]], got some [[Friends-词汇总表#apricot\|apricots]], I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloons]].

**Chandler:** Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.

**Eddie:** What?

**Chandler:** You, move out. Take your [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]], your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!

**Eddie:** You, you want, you want me to move out?

**Chandler:** Uh-huh.

**Eddie:** I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?

**Chandler:** This is not out of the blue, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dab\|dab]] in the middle of the blue.

**Eddie:** Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]], you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. [walks out the door and after a [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]] comes back in] But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] Jack!

**Chandler:** You want some help.

**Eddie:** No help required Chico. [reaches into the [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] and grabs the fish and puts it in his pocket]


> [!scene] Scene: Joey is at the cab driver interview.

**Joey:** All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 [[Friends-词汇总表#mile\|miles]], that's gonna cost you about so [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]. CASTING GUY: Excuse me, that's 50 bucks.

**Joey:** What? CASTING GUY: Five oh dollars.

**Joey:** Ohh, you know what it is? It's [[Friends-词汇总表#smudgy\|smudgy]] 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything. CASTING GUY: That's great.

**Joey:** And, and just so you know, if you wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#expand\|expand]] this scene like, like have the [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crash]] or somethin', I could [[Friends-词汇总表#attend\|attend]] to the [[Friends-词汇总表#victim\|victims]] 'cause I have a background in medical acting. CASTING GUY: Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.

**Joey:** No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the [[Friends-词汇总表#expressway\|expressway]] but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the [[Friends-词汇总表#budge\|budge]]. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day. [gets up and [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe are sitting around the coffee table.

**Phoebe:** Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning [[Friends-词汇总表#bearer\|bearer]] to take your wind? I would have to say no.

**Monica:** And I would have to say pah-huh.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Monica:** Do you not remember the [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] guy?

**Rachel:** Yeah you like totally let him [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] his feet in the pool of your [[Friends-词汇总表#inner\|inner]] power.

**Monica:** And his [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] too.

**Phoebe:** Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my [[Friends-词汇总表#righteous\|righteous]] truth on the first date.

**Monica:** Who?

**Phoebe:** Paul.

**Monica:** Oh.

**Rachel:** Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever [[Friends-词汇总表#betray\|betrayed]] another [[Friends-词汇总表#goddess\|goddess]] for a [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bearer\|bearer]]? Ok, number 30.

**Monica:** Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.

**Rachel:** Not uh, not to my [[Friends-词汇总表#recollection\|recollection]].

**Monica:** Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] was totally pointing at me.

**Rachel:** Only 'cause you took up half the [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]].

**Phoebe:** Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the [[Friends-词汇总表#goddess\|goddess]] meetings alone.

**Rachel:** Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.

**Monica:** One hour? You are such a [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaf]] [[Friends-词汇总表#blower\|blower]].


> [!scene] Monica goes into her room and slams the door. Rachel does the same. Phoebe, without a door to slam, opens a small chest and slams the lid.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey is watching movers take all his stuff away.

**Joey:** Oh hey uh, be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] with that 3-D last [[Friends-词汇总表#supper\|supper]], Judas is a little [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]].

**Ross:** [enters] Oh my God, what's goin' on?

**Joey:** They're [[Friends-词汇总表#takin\|takin]] all my stuff back. I guess you were right.

**Ross:** No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next [[Friends-词汇总表#paycheck\|paycheck]] is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.

**Joey:** Thanks Ross.

**Ross:** Yeah. And you should hold out for something [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]]. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] driver [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]].

**Joey:** I went.

**Ross:** Great, how did it go?

**Joey:** I didn't get it.

**Ross:** Good for you.

**Joey:** What?

**Ross:** You're livin' the dream.

**Joey:** Huh?

**Ross:** All right then.

**Joey:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#mover\|movers]] removing a glass [[Friends-词汇总表#parrot\|parrot]]] Oh, not my parrot.

**Ross:** What?

**Joey:** I can't watch this.

**Ross:** [approaching the [[Friends-词汇总表#mover\|mover]] holding the [[Friends-词汇总表#parrot\|parrot]]] Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to save the [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]]?

**Mover:** 1200.

**Ross:** Dollars? You spent $1200 dollars on a plastic [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]]?

**Joey:** Uhhh, I was an [[Friends-词汇总表#impulse\|impulse]] buyer, near the register.

**Ross:** Go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]], go ahead with the [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]]. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?

**Mover:** Uh, the dog. [points to a big poecelain [[Friends-词汇总表#greyhound\|greyhound]]]

**Ross:** Huh.

**Mover:** Yeah.

**Ross:** I'll take it. My gift to you man.

**Joey:** Thanks Ross. I really like that [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] though...I'll take the dog though.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Phoebe are sitting ignoring each other. Rachel walks up with two pieces of cake.

**Rachel:** Here are your [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cakes]].

**Monica:** We didn't order [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]].

**Rachel:** No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.

**Monica:** You're right.

**Rachel:** You know.

**Phoebe:** I love you [[Friends-词汇总表#goddess\|goddesses]]. I don't ever want to suck your wind again.

**Rachel:** Thank you. So are we good?

**Monica:** We're good.

**Rachel:** We're good?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Ok, let me take these [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cakes]] back 'cause they're gonna take that out of my [[Friends-词汇总表#paycheck\|paycheck]].

**Chandler:** [enters] Ding [[Friends-词汇总表#dong\|dong]], the psycho's gone.

**Monica:** Are you sure this time?

**Chandler:** Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!

**Eddie:** [enters] Check it out man, I [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tore]] it off some mannaquin in the [[Friends-词汇总表#alley\|alley]] behind Macy's.

**Monica:** There is no [[Friends-词汇总表#alley\|alley]] behind Macy's.

**Eddie:** So I got it in the [[Friends-词汇总表#junior\|junior]] miss department, big diff. Anyway check it out man, it's gonna make a hell of a [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] piece at out next [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]] party, huh pal?

**Chandler:** Our next [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]] party?

**Eddie:** Yeah, you know, put [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chips]] in it, we'll make like a chip [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]].

**Chandler:** Eddie, do you remember yesterday?

**Eddie:** Uh yes, I think I [[Friends-词汇总表#vaguely\|vaguely]] [[Friends-词汇总表#recall\|recall]] it.

**Chandler:** Do you remember talking to me yesterday?

**Eddie:** Uh, yes.

**Chandler:** So what happened?

**Eddie:** We took a road trip to Las Vegas man.

**Chandler:** Oh sweet Moses.

**Monica:** So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?

**Eddie:** Naah, I [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crapped]] out, but Mr. 21 over here he cleans up, 300 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]], check it out he buys me these new [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]], sweet huh?

**Monica:** Nice.

**Eddie:** Yeah. Well see ya [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]]. See ya pals.

**Phoebe:** Is anyone else starting to really like him?


> [!scene] Scene: Hallway outside Chandler and Joey's apartment. Eddie walks up.


> [!scene] Eddie tries his key and it won't work. He knocks and Chandler answers the door. He's got the door chained.

**Chandler:** May I help you?

**Eddie:** Why doesn't my key work and what's all my stuff doin' [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]]?

**Chandler:** Well, I'm, I'm sorry...[Eddie forces his head in the door] Ahhh. Have we met?

**Eddie:** It's Eddie you freak, your [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]].

**Chandler:** I, I'm sorry, I uh [[[Friends-词汇总表#unchain\|unchains]] the door and opens it all the way] I already have a [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]. [Joey turns around in the leather [[Friends-词汇总表#recliner\|recliner]]]

**Joey:** Hello.

**Chandler:** Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.

**Eddie:** No he, he moved out and I moved in.

**Chandler:** Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.

**Joey:** I know I would.

**Eddie:** Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.

**Joey:** Hey no problem.

**Chandler:** See ya. [[[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shuts]] the door] Goodbuy you [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|drying]] [[Friends-词汇总表#psychopath\|psychopath]]. So you want me to help you [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]] your stuff?

**Joey:** Na, na I'm ok. Oh and uh, just so you know, I'm not movin' back in 'cause I have to. Well, I mean, I do have to. It's just that that place wasn't really, I mean, this is...

**Chandler:** Welcome home man. [they [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] and jump around]

**Joey:** A little [[Friends-词汇总表#foos\|foos]]?

**Chandler:** Absolutely.

**Joey:** What happened to the [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]]?

**Chandler:** Ah that's a cantelope.


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They are hauling out the porcelain dog from Joey's room. Chandler is holding the dog by the rear in a rather interesting position.

**Chandler:** Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?

**Joey:** He paid a lot of money for it.

**Chandler:** I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?

**Joey:** Well, I had a whole [[Friends-词汇总表#ceramic\|ceramic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks [[Friends-词汇总表#tacky\|tacky]].

**Chandler:** So is he [[Friends-词汇总表#housetrained\|housetrained]] or is he gonna leave little bathroom [[Friends-词汇总表#tile\|tiles]] all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] dog.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 4 | 217 | 129 | *Nothin' roomie, just watchin' you sleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 4 | 279 | 145 | *Didn't it like totally speak to you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 4 | 442 | 191 | *Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 3 | 92 | 56 | *Hey Eddie. Daahh!! What're you doin' here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Don't worry about it already. Things happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 2 | 71 | 58 | *No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, your, your, your wind?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 2 | 88 | 68 | *So suck it up man, it's a job, it's money.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *Well knock it off, you're supposed to be my friend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *I didn't realize that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Oh my God, it was incredible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Didn't it like totally speak to you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Don't worry about it already. Things happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *So, you're not mad at me for getting fired and everything?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Look at this, how did I spend so much money?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *That's a tomato. This one definitely goes in the display.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *No help required Chico. [reaches into the tank and grabs the fish and puts it in his pocket]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expresswa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own st* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| woah |  | [网络] 哇；哇哦；原谅的错却不能重来过 |  | 12 | 55 | 12 | *Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 5 | 70 | 38 | *Alright. Cab driver number two?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 4 | 79 | 44 | *Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 4 | 58 | 20 | *Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on D* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remoray\|remoray]] |  | [地名] 勒莫赖 ( 法 ) |  | 4 | 23 | 12 | *Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on D* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 4 | 54 | 35 | *[approaching the mover holding the parrot] Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to sa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 3 | 67 | 29 | *Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 3 | 87 | 38 | *Look honey, people get fired left and right in this business. I already got you an audition for Anot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 3 | 58 | 41 | *Joey, you owe $1100 at I Love Lucite.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 3 | 23 | 14 | *You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 3 | 73 | 48 | *All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 miles, that's gonna cost you about so bucks.* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 3 | 56 | 32 | *No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expresswa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 2 | 29 | 21 | *Chandler gave me word of the day toilet paper. I'm gonna get some coffee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#takin\|takin]] | /'tɑ:ki:n. -kin. 'tei-/ | n. 扭角羚；羚牛 | n. large heavily built goat antelope of eastern Himalayan area | 2 | 12 | 10 | *But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 2 | 50 | 40 | *Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nothin\|nothin]] |  | n. (Nothin)人名；(瑞典)诺廷 |  | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Nothin' roomie, just watchin' you sleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *You want me to sing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *No no no, I wanna hear it from your lips.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *A mirror?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heh\|heh]] | /hei/ | n. 嗨！（表示惊异质问） |  | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Makes me feel um, peaceful, heh-heh, please.* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh, so so so, did you read the book?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#typical\|typical]] | /'tipikl/ | a. 典型的, 象征性的 | a. exhibiting the qualities or characteristics that identify a group or kind or  | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shape]] | /ʃeip/ | n. 形状, 形态, 外形, 形式, 身材 | n. any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1 | 24 | 17 | *Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Things change, roll with em.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 1 | 34 | 22 | *My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] | /'æksәnt/ | n. 重音, 口音, 特点, 注重点 | n. distinctive manner of oral expression | 1 | 21 | 11 | *My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Well knock it off, you're supposed to be my friend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] | /ә'wєә/ | a. 知道的, 有觉悟的 | a. (sometimes followed by `of') having or showing knowledge or understanding or  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Hey Ross, I'm aware of what I owe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] | /til/ | prep. 直到, 在...以前, 迄 | n. unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay and grave | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] | /fæn'tæstik/ | a. 奇妙的, 稀奇的, 空想的 | s. extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 23 | 21 | *Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]] | /tә'mɑ:tәu/ | n. 番茄, 西红柿 | n. mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable | 1 | 17 | 12 | *That's a tomato. This one definitely goes in the display.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *I fell down an elevator shaft.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 1 | 15 | 12 | *I fell down an elevator shaft.* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]] | /pɒ:z/ | n. 暂停, 中止, 停顿, 间歇, 踌躇, 休止符 | n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] | /tæŋk/ | n. 槽, 箱, 柜, 罐, 池塘, 储水池, 坦克 | n. an enclosed armored military vehicle; has a cannon and moves on caterpillar t | 1 | 14 | 10 | *No help required Chico. [reaches into the tank and grabs the fish and puts it in his pocket]* |
| somethin |  | [网络] 事端；情书 |  | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]] |  | n. (Comin)人名；(西、意)科明；(法)科曼 |  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expresswa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] | /'sә:kl/ | n. 圆周, 社交圈, 循环, 范围 | n. ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Only 'cause you took up half the circle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] | /lu:s/ | n. 发射, 放任, 放纵 | a. not compact or dense in structure or arrangement | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you* |
| uhhh |  | [网络] 让她说；我喜欢它；巴洛夫斯克机场 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Uhhh, I was an impulse buyer, near the register.* |

### 低频词（81）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| eddie | /'edi/ | n. 埃迪（男子名） |  | 7 | 27 | 4 | *Hey Eddie. Daahh!! What're you doin' here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dehydrate\|dehydrate]] | /.di:'haidreit/ | vt. (使)脱水 | v. preserve by removing all water and liquids from | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#parrot\|parrot]] | /'pærәt/ | n. 鹦鹉, 应声虫 | n. usually brightly colored zygodactyl tropical birds with short hooked beaks an | 3 | 4 | 2 | *[movers removing a glass parrot] Oh, not my parrot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jaunty\|jaunty]] | /'dʒɒ:nti/ | a. 快活的, 活泼的, 轻快的 | s marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Fine, make fun. I think it's jaunty.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cache\|cache]] | /kæʃ/ | n. 隐藏所, 隐藏的粮食或物资, 贮藏物, 高速缓冲存储器 | n. a hidden storage space (for money or provisions or weapons) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on D* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goddess\|goddess]] | /'gɒdis/ | n. 女神, 美女, 受崇拜的女性 | n. a female deity | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who take* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]] | /'laitniŋ/ | n. 闪电 | n. abrupt electric discharge from cloud to cloud or from cloud to earth accompan | 2 | 13 | 6 | *Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hobbit\|hobbit]] | /'hɑbət/ | n. （英国作家J R R Tolkien笔下的） | n. an imaginary being similar to a person but smaller and with hairy feet; inven | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well that sounds kinda cool, kinda like The Hobbit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inner\|inner]] | /'inә/ | a. 内部的, 内心的 | s. located inward | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but Go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lemonade\|lemonade]] | /.lemә'neid/ | n. 柠檬水 | n. sweetened beverage of diluted lemon juice | 2 | 9 | 3 | *Hey Gunther, let me get a lemonade to go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bearer\|bearer]] | /'bєәrә/ | n. 带信人, 票据持有人, 搬运者 | n. a messenger who bears or presents | 2 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] | /'pʌpit/ | n. 傀儡, 木偶 | n. a small figure of a person operated from above with strings by a puppeteer | 2 | 12 | 8 | *Do you not remember the puppet guy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paycheck\|paycheck]] | /'pei'tʃek/ | n. 付薪水的支票, 薪水 | n. a check issued in payment of wages or salary | 2 | 3 | 2 | *No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alley\|alley]] | /'æli/ | n. 小路, 巷 | n. a narrow street with walls on both sides | 2 | 4 | 3 | *[enters] Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macy\|macy]] |  | n. 梅西（人名） |  | 2 | 7 | 5 | *[enters] Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]] | /'kɒkteil/ | n. 鸡尾酒, 开味品 | n. a short mixed drink | 2 | 8 | 7 | *So I got it in the junior miss department, big diff. Anyway check it out man, it's gonna make a hell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]] | /'ru:mi/ | n. 住在同室的人 | n an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Nothin' roomie, just watchin' you sleep.* |
| watchin |  | [网络] 看吧 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Nothin' roomie, just watchin' you sleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peaceful\|peaceful]] | /'pi:sful/ | a. 平静的, 和平的, 和平时期的, 爱好和平的, 喜爱安静的 | a. not disturbed by strife or turmoil or war | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Makes me feel um, peaceful, heh-heh, please.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hannibal\|hannibal]] | /'hænibәl/ | n. 汉尼巴尔（男子名）；汉尼拔（公元前247～前183, 迦太基名将、统帅） | n. general who commanded the Carthaginian army in the second Punic War; crossed  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecter\|lecter]] |  | n. 莱克特（人名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.* |
| pallie |  | [网络] 帕利 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#workin\|workin]] | /'wә:kin/ | n. 工人接管；不按章工作；到校罢课 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sellin\|sellin]] |  | n. (Sellin)人名；(瑞典)塞林；(英)塞林 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awfully\|awfully]] | /'ɒ:fuli/ | adv. 恶劣地, 非常地, 极端地 | r used as intensifiers | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empower\|empower]] | /im'pauә/ | vt. 授予权力, 允许, 使能够 | v. give or delegate power or authority to | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]] | /'jʌmi/ | a. 美味的, 可口的, 赏心悦目的, 愉快的 | s extremely pleasing to the sense of taste | 1 | 13 | 9 | *No, 'cause he's yummy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbid]] | /fә'bid/ | vt. 禁止, 不准, 妨碍 | v. command against | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but Go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sip]] | /sip/ | n. 啜饮, 小口喝, 抿 | n. a small drink | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but Go* |
| croan |  | [网络] 长条糕；克罗恩 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Anybody want a croan.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] | /'lipstik/ | n. 口红, 唇膏 | n. makeup that is used to color the lips | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bein\|bein]] |  | n. 拜因（姓氏） |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a neurosurgeon to drivin' a cab?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neurosurgeon\|neurosurgeon]] | /,njjәrәj's\\:dʒәn/ | n. 神经外科医师 | n. someone who does surgery on the nervous system (especially the brain) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a neurosurgeon to drivin' a cab?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backwards\|backwards]] | /'bækwәdz/ | adv. 向后 | r at or to or toward the back or rear | 1 | 9 | 8 | *But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pyramid\|pyramid]] | /'pirәmid/ | n. 角锥, 金字塔 | n. a polyhedron having a polygonal base and triangular sides with a common verte | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sacred\|sacred]] | /'seikrid/ | a. 神圣的, 献给上帝的, 庄严的, 祭祀的 | a. concerned with religion or religious purposes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#visa\|visa]] | /'vi:zә/ | n. 签证 | n. an endorsement made in a passport that allows the bearer to enter the country | 1 | 4 | 3 | *It's my VISA bill. Envelope one of two. That can't be good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#envelope\|envelope]] | /'envәlәup/ | n. 信封, 封套, 封袋 | n. a flat (usually rectangular) container for a letter, thin package, etc. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *It's my VISA bill. Envelope one of two. That can't be good.* |
| minumum |  | [网络] 按位 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#porcelain\|porcelain]] | /'pɒ:slin/ | n. 瓷器, 瓷 | n. ceramic ware made of a more or less translucent ceramic | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#safari\|safari]] | /sә'fɑ:ri/ | n. 旅行, 旅行队, 科学考察 | n an overland journey by hunters (especially in Africa) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucite\|lucite]] | /'lu:sait/ | n. 萤光树脂, 有机玻璃 | n. a transparent thermoplastic acrylic resin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Joey, you owe $1100 at I Love Lucite.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judgemental\|judgemental]] |  | [计] 判断的 |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Hey, look, I don't need you getting all judgemental and condescending and pedantic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condescend\|condescend]] | /.kɒndi'send/ | vi. 谦逊, 屈就, 堕落 | v. behave in a patronizing and condescending manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, look, I don't need you getting all judgemental and condescending and pedantic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pedantic\|pedantic]] | /pi'dæntik/ | a. 卖弄学问的, 学究式的, 假装学者的 | s marked by a narrow focus on or display of learning especially its trivial aspe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, look, I don't need you getting all judgemental and condescending and pedantic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realistic\|realistic]] | /riә'listik/ | a. 现实的, 逼真的, 现实主义的, 实在论的 | a. aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Look, I'm not being any of those things, ok, I'm just being realistic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetable\|vegetable]] | /'vedʒәtәbl/ | n. 蔬菜, 植物, 无精打采之人 | n. edible seeds or roots or stems or leaves or bulbs or tubers or nonsweet fruit | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goldfish\|goldfish]] | /'gәuldfiʃ/ | n. 金鱼 | n. small golden or orange-red freshwater fishes of Eurasia used as pond or aquar | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pepperidge\|pepperidge]] | /'pepərɪdʒ/ | n. [美国英语]= balck gum | n. A North American tree (Nyssa multiflora) with very | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maniac\|maniac]] | /'meiniæk/ | a. 发狂的, 癫狂的, 疯狂的 | n. a person who has an obsession with or excessive enthusiasm for something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydratin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kidney\|kidney]] | /'kidni/ | n. 肾, 个性 | n. either of two bean-shaped excretory organs that filter wastes (especially ure | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Your last roommate's kidney?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shaft\|shaft]] | /ʃæft/ | n. 轴, 箭杆, 矛, 矿井 | n. a line that forms the length of an arrow pointer | 1 | 7 | 4 | *I fell down an elevator shaft.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bury\|bury]] | /'beri/ | vt. 埋葬, 埋藏 | v. cover from sight | 1 | 8 | 7 | *That sucks. I was buried in an avalanche.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#avalanche\|avalanche]] | /'ævәlɑ:ntʃ/ | n. 雪崩, 山崩, 大量 | n. a slide of large masses of snow and ice and mud down a mountain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That sucks. I was buried in an avalanche.* |
| bryce | /brais/ | Canyon National Park (美国)布赖斯峡谷国家公园(在犹他州南部) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I used to be Bryce on All My Children.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grape\|grape]] | /greip/ | n. 葡萄, 葡萄树 | n. any of various juicy fruit of the genus Vitis with green or purple skins; gro | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apricot\|apricot]] | /'eiprikɒt/ | n. 杏子, 杏树, 杏黄色 | n. Asian tree having clusters of usually white blossoms and edible fruit resembl | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] | /bә'lu:n/ | n. 气球 | n. large tough nonrigid bag filled with gas or heated air | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] | /smæk/ | n. 风味, 滋味, 少量, 拍击声, 咂嘴声, 小渔船, 海洛因 | n. a sailing ship (usually rigged like a sloop or cutter) used in fishing and sa | 1 | 8 | 7 | *This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dab\|dab]] | /dæb/ | n. 少量, 轻拍, 比目鱼, 熟手 | n. a small quantity of something moist or liquid | 1 | 1 | 1 | *This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chico\|chico]] | /'tʃi:kәu/ | n. [植]藜科灌木 | n United States comedian; one of four brothers who made motion pictures together | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No help required Chico. [reaches into the tank and grabs the fish and puts it in his pocket]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smudgy\|smudgy]] | /'smʌdʒi/ | a. 脏污的, 模糊不清的 | s. smeared with something that soils or stains; these words are often used in co | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expand\|expand]] | /ik'spænd/ | vt. 使膨胀, 详述, 扩张 | v. extend in one or more directions | 1 | 4 | 4 | *And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crash]] | /kræʃ/ | n. 哗啦声, 猛撞, 崩溃, 粗布 | n. a serious accident (usually involving one or more vehicles) | 1 | 7 | 7 | *And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attend\|attend]] | /ә'tend/ | vt. 参加, 照料, 伴随 | v. be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#victim\|victim]] | /'viktim/ | n. 受害人, 牺牲者, 牺牲品 | n. an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse circumstance | 1 | 6 | 6 | *And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expressway\|expressway]] | /ik'spreswei/ | n. 高速公路 | n. a broad highway designed for high-speed traffic | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expresswa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#budge\|budge]] | /bʌdʒ/ | vi. 微微移动 | n. United States tennis player who in 1938 was the first to win the Australian a | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expresswa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#righteous\|righteous]] | /'raitʃәs/ | a. 公正的, 正义的, 正直的 | a. characterized by or proceeding from accepted standards of morality or justice | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#betray\|betray]] | /bi'trei/ | vt. 出卖, 背叛, 辜负, 暴露 | v. reveal unintentionally | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recollection\|recollection]] | /.rekә'lekʃәn/ | n. 记忆, 回想, 回忆 | n. something recalled to the mind | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Not uh, not to my recollection.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] | /nainθ/ | num. 第九, 九分之一 | n. position nine in a countable series of things | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jason\|jason]] |  | n. 詹森（男子名） | n. (Greek mythology) the husband of Medea and leader of the Argonauts who sailed | 1 | 15 | 6 | *Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.* |
| hurley | /'hә:li/ | 赫尔利(姓氏) |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaf]] | /li:f/ | n. 叶, 树叶, 花瓣, 页 | n. the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants | 1 | 3 | 3 | *One hour? You are such a leaf blower.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blower\|blower]] | /'blәuә/ | n. 吹制工, 鼓风机, 吹风机 | n. a device that produces a current of air | 1 | 2 | 2 | *One hour? You are such a leaf blower.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supper\|supper]] | /'sʌpә/ | n. 晚餐 | n. a light evening meal; served in early evening if dinner is at midday or serve | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juda\|juda]] |  | [人名] 朱达 | n. an ancient kingdom of southern Palestine with Jerusalem as its center | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#livin\|livin]] |  | [医]（尚无中文译名）新发现的凋亡抑制蛋白，存在于胚胎组织、胎盘和一些恶性肿瘤组织中。 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You're livin' the dream.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mover\|mover]] | /'mu:vә/ | n. 移动的人, 原动力, 鼓动者 | n. workman employed by a moving company | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[movers removing a glass parrot] Oh, not my parrot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impulse\|impulse]] | /'impʌls/ | n. 冲动, 驱使, 刺激, 推动, 冲力, 建议, 脉冲 | n. the act of applying force suddenly | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uhhh, I was an impulse buyer, near the register.* |
