---
season: 2
episode: "15"
title: "The One Where Ross and Rachel...You Know"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E15 — The One Where Ross and Rachel...You Know

Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Joey and Chandler enter with Chandler covering his eyes and Joey leading him.

**Joey:** Alright, no [[Friends-词汇总表#peek\|peeking]]. No peeking, no peeking, no peeking.

**Chandler:** Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.

**Joey:** Alright open your eyes. [opens his eyes to see two black leather [[Friends-词汇总表#recliner\|recliners]] and a big screen TV]

**Chandler:** Sweet mother of all that is good and [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]].

**Joey:** Huh? Days of our Lives picked up my option.

**Chandler:** Congratulations!

**Joey:** I know. chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.

**Joey:** Uh-huh.

**Chandler:** So uh, which one is mine?

**Joey:** Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. [Chandler starts to sit in one of the chairs] Not that one.

**Chandler:** [sits down] Ohh yes.

**Joey:** [sits down] Ohh yeah, that's the stuff.

**Chandler:** [reaches for the [[Friends-词汇总表#footrest\|footrest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lever\|lever]]] Do we [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]]?

**Joey:** We [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]].

**Both:** [both [[Friends-词汇总表#extend\|extend]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#footrest\|footrests]]] Aaahhhh. [both [[Friends-词汇总表#recline\|recline]] their chairs] AAAAHHHHHH. OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler and Joey are sitting in their recliners watching TV. Monica, Ross, and Phoebe are there.

**Phoebe:** I can't believe two [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cows]] made the [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimate\|ultimate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sacrifice\|sacrifice]] so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.

**Chandler:** Well they were chair-[[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cows]]. They never would have [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survived]] in the wild.

**Ross:** This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is [[Friends-词汇总表#practically\|practically]] life-size.

**All:** Woah!

**Monica:** Rose Marie really [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belongs]] on a [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]] screen, doesn't she?


> [!scene] Rachel enters

**Rachel:** Hi you guys.

**All:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey you.

**Ross:** Hey you. [they stand together in front of the TV.] CHANDLER and JOEY: Woah, hey, yo. [Rachel and Ross move]

**Rachel:** So, uh, how was your day?

**Ross:** Oh you know, pretty much the [[Friends-词汇总表#usual\|usual]], uh, sun [[Friends-词汇总表#shin\|shining]], [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chirp\|chirping]].

**Rachel:** Really? Mine too.

**Phoebe:** Hey cool, mine too.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#beeper\|beeper]] goes off] Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got to get to the museum. So um, I'll see you tonight.

**Rachel:** OK. [they go to kiss but everyone's watching so Ross just kisses her on the top of her head and [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]

**Ross:** Bye guys.

**All:** Bye.

**Monica:** [walks up to Rachel in front of the TV] Tonight? CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey, yo. [they move from out of in front of the TV]

**Monica:** What's tonight?

**Rachel:** It is our first official date. Our first date.

**Monica:** Uh, hello.

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Monica:** Tonight you're supposed to [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] for me, my [[Friends-词汇总表#cater\|catering]] thing, any of those words [[Friends-词汇总表#trigger\|trigger]] anything for you?

**Rachel:** God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.

**Monica:** Yes but my mom got me this job.

**Phoebe:** OK, I can be a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]], I can be a waitress.

**Rachel:** Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.

**Monica:** Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]]. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.

**Phoebe:** I can be a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]]. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the [[Friends-词汇总表#bacon\|bacon]], one Adam and Eve on a [[Friends-词汇总表#raft\|raft]] and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.


> [!scene] Scene: Dr. Burke's apartment. Dr. Burke answers the door for Phoebe and Monica.

**Phoebe:** It's James Bond.

**Monica:** Sorry we're late.

**Dr. Burke:** Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.

**Monica:** Dr. Burke, it, it's me.

**Dr. Burke:** Monica? My God you used to be so. . . I mean you, you, you, you must have lost like. . . You look great.

**Monica:** Thank you. This is my friend Phoebe. She's gonna be helping me tonight.

**Dr. Burke:** Hi Phoebe, nice to meet you. [Phoebe just giggles when they shake] So, how ya been?

**Monica:** I've been great, just great. How have you been? [[[Friends-词汇总表#tilt\|tilting]] her head]

**Dr. Burke:** Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.

**Monica:** The head [[Friends-词汇总表#tilt\|tilt]]?

**Dr. Burke:** Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. [demonstrating] 'How ya doin'? You OK?'

**Monica:** I'm sorry.

**Dr. Burke:** No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. [demonstrates] 'I'm OK.' [tilts head] 'You sure?' [bobs head] 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.

**Monica:** [her and Phoebe [[Friends-词汇总表#tilt\|tilt]] their heads] Oh, that's too bad.

**Dr. Burke:** [bobbing his head] I'll survive.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They're still in their chairs watching TV. Chandler is ordering a pizza.

**Chandler:** Uh, two larges, extra [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] on both. But listen, don't ring the [[Friends-词汇总表#buzzer\|buzzer]] for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzz]] our door, there's no [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.

**Joey:** What if we have to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]?

**Chandler:** I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|sodas]].


> [!scene] Scene: Dr. Burke's apartment. Monica and Dr. Burke are in the kitchen.

**Monica:** You've got to get back out there, it's your party.

**Dr. Burke:** But they're so dull, they're all opthamologists.

**Monica:** You're an opthamologist.

**Dr. Burke:** Only because my parents wanted me to be, I wanted to be a sherrif.

**Phoebe:** [entering the kitchen from the party] That's funny, no. Cadillac, [[Friends-词汇总表#cataract\|cataract]], I get it, no I get it, you stay out there.

**Dr. Burke:** See.

**Monica:** Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, [[Friends-词汇总表#kabob\|kabob]] emergency.

**Dr. Burke:** OK. You better. Oh God, here we go. Hey wanna see 'em go nuts? Watch this.


> [!scene] grabbing some wine glasses and opening the door to the party] Who needs glasses?


> [!scene] everyone laughs

**Phoebe:** You are so [[Friends-词汇总表#smite\|smitten]].

**Monica:** I am not.

**Phoebe:** Oh, you are so much the [[Friends-词汇总表#smite\|smitten]] [[Friends-词汇总表#kitten\|kitten]]. You should ask him out.

**Monica:** Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.

**Phoebe:** So. You two are totally into each other.

**Monica:** Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.

**Phoebe:** OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?

**Monica:** Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]].

**Phoebe:** Didn't you like, just get your eyes checked?

**Monica:** Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerous\|dangerous]] eye age.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Ross and Rachel are returning from a movie.

**Rachel:** C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.

**Ross:** I told you there was going to be sub-titles.

**Rachel:** I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date.


> [!scene] They start kissing.

**Rachel:** Monica.

**Ross:** It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shout]] out my sister's name.

**Rachel:** Honey, I'm just checking.

**Ross:** Oh.

**Rachel:** Monica.

**Ross:** Mon.

**Rachel:** Monica.

**Ross:** Mon.


> [!scene] Since they're alone they start kissing and Ross's hands work their way down until they're on Rachel's butt. Rachel starts laughing.

**Ross:** What, what.

**Rachel:** I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]], it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.

**Ross:** And that's, that's funny why?

**Rachel:** Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.

**Ross:** I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.

**Rachel:** OK. [start kissing again and Rachel starts lauging again]

**Ross:** OK, my hands were no where near your [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]].

**Rachel:** I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.

**Ross:** No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] too self [[Friends-词汇总表#conscious\|conscious]].

**Rachel:** Just one [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]].

**Ross:** Nuh, uh, the moment's gone.

**Rachel:** Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.

**Ross:** That's [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]].

**Rachel:** C'mon touch it.

**Ross:** No.

**Rachel:** Oh, come on [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] it.

**Ross:** No.

**Rachel:** Rub it.

**Ross:** No.

**Rachel:** Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They are watching a Miracle Wax info-mercial.

**Joey:** Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] it's [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] job is protected by the Miracle Wax.

**Chandler:** You got a Cheeto on your face man.[Joey removes the Cheeto and eats it]


> [!scene] Ross enters

**Joey:** Hi. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey.

**Joey:** What're you doin' here? Aren't you supposed to be out with Rachel?

**Ross:** That was 14 hours ago.

**Chandler:** So how'd it go?

**Ross:** Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?

**Chandler:** Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my [[Friends-词汇总表#flock\|flock]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#seagull\|seagulls]] [[Friends-词汇总表#haircut\|haircut]] was [[Friends-词汇总表#tickle\|tickling]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]].

**Joey:** She laughed at you?

**Ross:** Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser [[Friends-词汇总表#beam\|beam]] cutting through the [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]]?

**Chandler:** It's the Miracle Wax.

**Joey:** It [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] is a [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]].


> [!scene] Rachel enters

**Rachel:** Hi you guys. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .

**Chandler:** Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] for us to hear you when you lower your voice.


> [!scene] Rachel and Ross go out in the hall

**Rachel:** OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.

**Ross:** No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?

**Rachel:** Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] dinner with um, [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]] and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]].

**Ross:** Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect.


> [!scene] there's a loud bang at the door so Ross opens it back up to find a shoe has been thrown at it

**Rachel:** What's this.

**Chandler:** Could you get us a couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Dr. Burke's office. Monica is there for her eye appointment.

**Dr. Burke:** I'm going to look into your eyes now.

**Monica:** Really.

**Dr. Burke:** Yeah, that's my job. Alright, look up. . . look down, now open your eyes, now look down. That's right, look into the light. Now look at me. . . OK. Your eyes look good. Those are good eyes.

**Monica:** Good, they feel good, in my head.

**Dr. Burke:** So, it's great to see ya.

**Monica:** You too.

**Dr. Burke:** You too.

**Monica:** OK, um. Goodbye.

**Dr. Burke:** Drops!

**Monica:** What?

**Dr. Burke:** Drops. Here, they're free.

**Monica:** Thanks. So, I guess I better be going.

**Dr. Burke:** Oh, OK, yeah. I'll see ya later.

**Monica:** Thanks again.


> [!scene] He kisses her on the cheek, she returns the kiss, then they embrace in a full on kiss


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They're still watching TV. Phoebe stands in front of the TV.

**Phoebe:** We have got to get you [[Friends-词汇总表#lazy\|lazy]] boys out of these chairs. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey, woah, hey, woah.

**Phoebe:** You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people.

**Joey:** No, inside good, outside bad.

**Phoebe:** You guys are so [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]], I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.

**Chandler:** She's one of us now.


> [!scene] Rachel and Ross enter

**Rachel:** Hi you guys.

**Ross:** Hey. CHANDLER, JOEY, and PHOEBE: Hey.

**Ross:** Well we just wanted to stop by and uh, say goodnight. CHANDLER, JOEY, and PHOEBE: Goodnight.

**Ross:** Look at that, they won't even turn their heads.

**Rachel:** Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.

**Joey:** [uses a [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] to see] Naa, she's lyin'.


> [!scene] Monica enters carrying food that's been delivered

**Monica:** Stop sending food to our apartment.

**Ross:** Well, why're you all dressed up?

**Phoebe:** You're not the only one who has a date tonight.

**Ross:** What? You have a date? Who with?

**Monica:** No one.

**Ross:** C'mon, what's his name?

**Monica:** Nothing.

**Ross:** Come on, tell me.

**Monica:** Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and [[Friends-词汇总表#judgmental\|judgmental]].

**Ross:** Oh, I promise, what.

**Monica:** It's Richard Burke.

**Ross:** Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.

**Monica:** Well for your information he happens to be one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#brightest\|brightest]], most [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticated]], [[Friends-词汇总表#sexiest\|sexiest]] men I've ever been with.

**Ross:** Doctor Burke is sexy? RACHEL and PHOEBE: Oh God, absolutely.

**Ross:** [his [[Friends-词汇总表#beeper\|beeper]] goes off] It's the museum again, can I, oh.

**Rachel:** Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.

**Monica:** When?

**Rachel:** When I was um, 7, I [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crashed]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here. [points to the [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] of her [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]]]

**Phoebe:** Oh you are so lucky.

**Rachel:** I know.

**Ross:** [on the phone] Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, [[Friends-词汇总表#homo\|homo]]-habilus was [[Friends-词汇总表#erect\|erect]], australopithicus was never fully erect.

**Chandler:** Well maybe he was [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]].


> [!scene] Scene: Museum of Natural History. Ross is fixing a display, Rachel is waiting patiently.

**Ross:** Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, [[Friends-词汇总表#homo\|homo]]-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with [[Friends-词汇总表#clay\|clay]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pots]]. Why don't, why don't they just give him a [[Friends-词汇总表#microwave\|microwave]]? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.

**Rachel:** It's OK, it's fine.

**Ross:** KARL!


> [!scene] Ross leaves to find Karl. Rachel takes a peek under the loincloth of one of the display models.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Dr. Burke are sitting on the couch. He's showing her the pictures in his wallet.

**Monica:** Wow, is that Michelle?

**Dr. Burke:** Yep.

**Monica:** I've not seen her since high school [[Friends-词汇总表#graduation\|graduation]]. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . [[Friends-词汇总表#motional\|motional]].

**Dr. Burke:** Ya know, she's having another baby.

**Monica:** I thought she just had one.

**Dr. Burke:** No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .

**Monica:** Oh, you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#grandpa\|grandpa]].

**Dr. Burke:** Yeah. Are we nuts here?

**Monica:** I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|peed]] in.

**Dr. Burke:** I didn't need to know that. I guess 21 years is a lot. I mean, hell, I'm a whole person who can drink older than you.

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Dr. Burke:** So.

**Monica:** So maybe we should just. . .

**Dr. Burke:** Yeah, yeah, maybe.

**Monica:** Wow, this really sucks.

**Dr. Burke:** Yeah, it sure does. [they hug and it turns into a passionate kiss]

**Monica:** Well, we don't really have to [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] anything right now, do we?

**Dr. Burke:** No, no, there's no rush or anything.


> [!scene] knock at the door] DELIVERY GUY: Pizza delivery.

**Monica:** Oh, I'm gonna kill those guys.


> [!scene] Scene: Museum of Natural History. Ross enters the display where Rachel is waiting.

**Ross:** Rach.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Ross:** I'm done.

**Rachel:** Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.

**Ross:** Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] else.

**Rachel:** No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?

**Ross:** No, no, we won't.

**Rachel:** We won't?

**Ross:** [grabs a [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pelt\|pelt]]] C'mon.

**Rachel:** OK, that's dead right?


> [!scene] Scene: The museum planetarium. Ross and Rachel enter on stage.

**Rachel:** What is this? What are we doing?

**Ross:** Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-[[Friends-词汇总表#grape\|grape]]?

**Rachel:** Grape.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spreads]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#pelt\|pelt]] on the floor] OK, now, sit. OK. [he starts the music system]

**Rachel:** Oh, God.


> [!scene] The stereo system booms out 'Billions of years ago. . .'. Ross gets up and changes it to music.

**Ross:** Sorry.

**Rachel:** Ah, so what are we looking at?

**Ross:** Well uh, you see that, that little [[Friends-词汇总表#cluster\|cluster]] of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Ross:** I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.

**Rachel:** Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight. [they kiss]

**Ross:** You're not laughing.

**Rachel:** This time it's not so funny.


> [!scene] They kiss and start undressing. As Rachel tries to pull off Ross's tie she catches it in his mouth. Then they roll across the fur rug.

**Rachel:** Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.

**Ross:** What. Oh no, you just [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolled]] over the [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] box.

**Rachel:** Oh, thank God.


> [!scene] Scene: Museum of Natural History. The next morning Rachel and Ross are sleeping in the display under a fur.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you.

**Ross:** I know it is pretty unbelievaaaaah.

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** We're not alone. [A church youth group is outside the display watching them]


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They are still in their chairs, watching Beavis and Butthead.


> [!scene] they're laughing along with the show when an alarm goes off

**Joey:** Is that the fire [[Friends-词汇总表#alarm\|alarm]]?

**Chandler:** Yeah. [feels the floor] Oh it's not [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] yet, we still have time.

**Joey:** Cool.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（33）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 3 | 180 | 101 | *So uh, which one is mine?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 3 | 115 | 81 | *I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. [Chandler starts to sit in one of the chairs] N* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 2 | 219 | 100 | *OK. [they go to kiss but everyone's watching so Ross just kisses her on the top of her head and leav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Bye guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe goin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Yes but my mom got me this job.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *So. You two are totally into each other.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *You got a Cheeto on your face man.[Joey removes the Cheeto and eats it]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *What're you doin' here? Aren't you supposed to be out with Rachel?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Stop sending food to our apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Well, why're you all dressed up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I'v* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Doctor Burke is sexy? RACHEL and PHOEBE: Oh God, absolutely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he ki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Oh you are so lucky.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Wow, this really sucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Oh, I'm gonna kill those guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you.* |

### 常用词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| woah |  | [网络] 哇；哇哦；原谅的错却不能重来过 |  | 9 | 55 | 12 | *Woah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 5 | 35 | 21 | *Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 3 | 69 | 43 | *I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]] | /'mirәkl/ | n. 奇迹, 奇事 | n. any amazing or wonderful occurrence | 3 | 20 | 11 | *Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Mira* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] | /dєә/ | n. 挑战, 挑动, 大胆 | n. a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy | 2 | 13 | 12 | *[reaches for the footrest lever] Do we dare?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]] | /kau/ | n. 母牛, 母兽 | n. female of domestic cattle: "`moo-cow' is a child's term" | 2 | 16 | 13 | *I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 2 | 33 | 24 | *Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 2 | 55 | 42 | *Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 2 | 47 | 36 | *That's romantic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] | /peint/ | n. 油漆, 颜料, 绘画作品, 涂漆 | n. a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a  | 2 | 17 | 15 | *Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Mira* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Congratulations!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] | /bi'lɒŋ/ | vi. 属于, 合适 | v. be owned by; be in the possession of | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]] |  | a. 较小, 更小的 | s. small or little relative to something else | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 1 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *It's James Bond.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzz]] | /bʌz/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 流言 | n. sound of rapid vibration | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *What if we have to pee?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *I'll cancel the sodas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] | /'sәudә/ | n. 苏打, 碳酸水 | n a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and pape | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I'll cancel the sodas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerous\|dangerous]] | /'deindʒәrәs/ | a. 危险的 | a. involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shout]] | /ʃaut/ | n. 呼喊, 喊声 | v. utter in a loud voice; talk in a loud voice (usually denoting characteristic  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] | /tʃi:k/ | n. 颊, 厚颜, 脸蛋 | n. either side of the face below the eyes | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Just one cheek.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Oh, come on squeeze it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Rub it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] | /'sʌmhau/ | adv. 不知何故 | r. in some unspecified way or manner; or by some unspecified means | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Mira* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Mira* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *It certainly is a miracle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]] | /'kændl/ | n. 蜡烛 | n. stick of wax with a wick in the middle | 1 | 33 | 22 | *Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe goin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Could you get us a couple of beers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *OK, um. Goodbye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] | /pә'θetik/ | a. 悲哀的, 可怜的, 感伤的, 差劲的 | s. inspiring mixed contempt and pity | 1 | 18 | 14 | *You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#takin\|takin]] | /'tɑ:ki:n. -kin. 'tei-/ | n. 扭角羚；羚牛 | n. large heavily built goat antelope of eastern Himalayan area | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *[uses a dentist mirror to see] Naa, she's lyin'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticate]] | /sә'fistikeit/ | n. 久经世故的人, 精于...之道的人 | n. a worldly-wise person | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I'v* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] | /baik/ | n. 自行车, 脚踏车 | n a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame | 1 | 37 | 14 | *When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he ki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he ki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]] | /pɒt/ | n. 盆, 罐, 壶, 坩埚, 奖杯 | n. metal or earthenware cooking vessel that is usually round and deep; often has | 1 | 21 | 13 | *Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *Well, we don't really have to decide anything right now, do we?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 1 | 43 | 30 | *Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] | /spred/ | n. 传播, 散布, 伸展 | n. process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space | 1 | 13 | 12 | *[spreads the pelt on the floor] OK, now, sit. OK. [he starts the music system]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 1 | 44 | 22 | *What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *Yeah. [feels the floor] Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time.* |

### 低频词（76）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burke\|burke]] | /bә:k/ | vt. 秘密地除去, 秘密地消灭, 压制 | n. British statesman famous for his oratory; pleaded the cause of the American c | 8 | 15 | 2 | *Dr. Burke, it, it's me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peek\|peek]] | /pi:k/ | vi. 偷看, 窥视 | n. a secret look | 4 | 8 | 5 | *Alright, no peeking. No peeking, no peeking, no peeking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whichever\|whichever]] | /hwitʃ'evә/ | pron. 无论那一个, 任何一个 | pron. & a. Alt. of Whichsoever | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. [Chandler starts to sit in one of the chairs] N* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beeper\|beeper]] |  | n. 驾驶飞机的遥控人员 | n. an electronic device that generates a series of beeps when the person carryin | 2 | 6 | 4 | *[beeper goes off] Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got to get to the museum. So um, I'll see you tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tilt\|tilt]] | /tilt/ | n. 倾斜, 倾向, 船篷, 车篷 | n. a slight but noticeable partiality | 2 | 2 | 2 | *The head tilt?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smite\|smite]] | /smait/ | vt. 重击, 打, 击败, 毁灭, 侵袭, 打动 | v. inflict a heavy blow on, with the hand, a tool, or a weapon | 2 | 2 | 1 | *You are so smitten.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wax\|wax]] | /wæks/ | n. 蜡, 蜡状物, 一阵发怒, 增加, (月亮)渐盈 | n. any of various substances of either mineral origin or plant or animal origin; | 2 | 10 | 7 | *Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Mira* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheeto\|cheeto]] |  | n. 奇多 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *You got a Cheeto on your face man.[Joey removes the Cheeto and eats it]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erect\|erect]] | /i'rekt/ | a. 直立的, 竖立的, 笔直的 | a. upright in position or posture | 2 | 3 | 2 | *[on the phone] Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pelt\|pelt]] | /pelt/ | n. 投掷, 打击, 快速, 毛皮 | v. cast, hurl, or throw repeatedly with some missile | 2 | 3 | 2 | *[grabs a fur pelt] C'mon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recliner\|recliner]] | /ri'klainә/ | n. 躺椅 | n. an armchair whose back can be lowered and foot can be raised to allow the sit | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Alright open your eyes. [opens his eyes to see two black leather recliners and a big screen TV]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] | /pjuә/ | a. 纯的, 纯净的, 纯洁的, 清白的, 完美的, 无瑕的, 抽象的 | a. free of extraneous elements of any kind | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Sweet mother of all that is good and pure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#acre\|acre]] | /'eikә/ | n. 英亩 | n. a unit of area (4840 square yards) used in English-speaking countries | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know. chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#footrest\|footrest]] | /'futrest/ | n. 搁脚物 | n a low seat or a stool to rest the feet of a seated person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[reaches for the footrest lever] Do we dare?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lever\|lever]] | /'levә/ | n. 杠杆, 似杠杆之工具 | n. a rigid bar pivoted about a fulcrum | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[reaches for the footrest lever] Do we dare?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extend\|extend]] | /ik'stend/ | v. 扩充, 延伸, 伸展, 扩大 | v. make available; provide | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[both extend the footrests] Aaahhhh. [both recline their chairs] AAAAHHHHHH. OPENING TITLES* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recline\|recline]] | /ri'klain/ | vt. 使斜靠 | v. cause to recline | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[both extend the footrests] Aaahhhh. [both recline their chairs] AAAAHHHHHH. OPENING TITLES* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimate\|ultimate]] | /'ʌltimit/ | n. 终极, 根本, 顶点, 基本原则 | n. the finest or most superior quality of its kind | 1 | 13 | 5 | *I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sacrifice\|sacrifice]] | /'sækrifais/ | n. 牺牲, 供奉, 祭品 | n. personnel that are sacrificed (e.g., surrendered or lost in order to gain an  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]] | /sә'vaiv/ | vt. 比...活得长, 生存, 生还, 幸免于 | v. continue to live through hardship or adversity | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dick\|dick]] | /dik/ | n. 家伙, 词典, 誓言(书) | n. someone who is a detective | 1 | 8 | 4 | *This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dyke\|dyke]] | /daik/ | n. 堤 | n (slang) offensive term for a lesbian who is noticeably masculine | 1 | 1 | 1 | *This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practically\|practically]] | /'præktikli/ | adv. 几乎, 差不多, 事实上 | r. almost; nearly | 1 | 8 | 8 | *This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.* |
| marie | /'mɑ:ri(:), mә'ri:/ | n. 玛丽（女子名） | interj. Marry. | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#usual\|usual]] | /'ju:ʒuәl/ | a. 平常的, 通常的 | a. occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently or in accordan | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shin\|shin]] | /ʃin/ | n. 胫骨 | n. the front part of the human leg between the knee and the ankle | 1 | 11 | 5 | *Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chirp\|chirp]] | /tʃә:p/ | n. 喳喳声, 唧唧声 | n. a sharp sound made by small birds or insects | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cater\|cater]] | /'keitә/ | v. 提供饮食及服务, 投合, 迎合 | v. supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets | 1 | 15 | 6 | *Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trigger\|trigger]] | /'trigә/ | n. 触发器, 扳机 | n. a device that activates or releases or causes something to happen | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cub\|cub]] | /kʌb/ | n. 幼兽, 年轻人 | n. an awkward and inexperienced youth | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bacon\|bacon]] | /'beikәn/ | n. 熏猪肉 | n. back and sides of a hog salted and dried or smoked; usually sliced thin and f | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adam\|adam]] | /'ædәm/ | n. 亚当 | n. (Old Testament) in Judeo-Christian mythology; the first man and the husband o | 1 | 11 | 8 | *I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eve\|eve]] | /i:v/ | n. 前夕, 前夜 | n. (Old Testament) Adam's wife in Judeo-Christian mythology: the first woman and | 1 | 17 | 6 | *I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raft\|raft]] | /ræft/ | n. 筏, 救生筏, 大量 | n. a flat float (usually made of logs or planks) that can be used for transport  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buzzer\|buzzer]] | /'bʌzә/ | n. 嗡嗡作声的东西, 蜂音器 | n. a signaling device that makes a buzzing sound | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cadillac\|cadillac]] | /'kædilæk/ | n. 卡迪拉克牌轿车 | n. A large pear, shaped like a flattened top, used chiefly | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[entering the kitchen from the party] That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cataract\|cataract]] | /'kætәrækt/ | n. 大瀑布, 奔流, 暴雨, 白内障 | n. an eye disease that involves the clouding or opacification of the natural len | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[entering the kitchen from the party] That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kabob\|kabob]] | /kә'bɒb/ | n. 烤肉串 | n. cubes of meat marinated and cooked on a skewer usually with vegetables | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kitten\|kitten]] | /'kitn/ | n. 小猫, 淘气姑娘 | n. young domestic cat | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, you are so much the smitten kitten. You should ask him out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conscious\|conscious]] | /'kɒnʃәs/ | a. 有意识的, 知觉的, 觉察的 | s. intentionally conceived | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nuh\|nuh]] |  | n. (Nuh)人名；(印尼)努赫 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nuh, uh, the moment's gone.* |
| foolin |  | [网络] 刘付灵 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'* |
| laughin |  | [网络] 傅林 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flock\|flock]] | /flɒk/ | n. 兽群, 鸟群, 一群人, 大量, 棉束 | n. a church congregation guided by a pastor | 1 | 8 | 2 | *Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seagull\|seagull]] | /'si:^ʌl/ | n. 鸥 | n mostly white aquatic bird having long pointed wings and short legs | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haircut\|haircut]] | /'hєәkʌt/ | n. 理发, (男子的)发式 | n. the style in which hair has been cut | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tickle\|tickle]] | /'tikl/ | n. 胳肢, 痒 | n. a cutaneous sensation often resulting from light stroking | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]] | /tʃin/ | n. 下巴, 颏 | n. the protruding part of the lower jaw | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] | /nainθ/ | num. 第九, 九分之一 | n. position nine in a countable series of things | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beam\|beam]] | /bi:m/ | n. 横梁, 杆, 光线, 容光焕发 | n. long thick piece of wood or metal or concrete, etc., used in construction | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]] | /di'zә:t/ | n. 餐后甜点 | n. a dish served as the last course of a meal | 1 | 21 | 9 | *Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe goin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humm\|humm]] |  | [人名] 赫姆 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lazy\|lazy]] | /'leizi/ | a. 懒惰的, 怠惰的, 缓慢的 | s. moving slowly and gently | 1 | 5 | 5 | *We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey, woah, hey, woah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#xanadu\|xanadu]] | /'zænә,du:/ | n. 华厦,行宫,世外桃源 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]] | /'dentist/ | n. 牙科医生 | n. a person qualified to practice dentistry | 1 | 12 | 6 | *[uses a dentist mirror to see] Naa, she's lyin'.* |
| naa |  | 全国航空协会(美国) |  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *[uses a dentist mirror to see] Naa, she's lyin'.* |
| lyin |  | [网络] 说谎的；李颖；除甲醛这款有用 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[uses a dentist mirror to see] Naa, she's lyin'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judgmental\|judgmental]] | /dʒʌdʒ'mentl/ | a. 审判的 | a. depending on judgment | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doc\|doc]] |  | [计] 通信部, 数字输出控制, 文档 | n a licensed medical practitioner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brightest\|brightest]] |  | a. 聪明的( bright的最高级 ) | a emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I'v* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexiest\|sexiest]] |  | 最性感的（ sexy的最高级 ） | a marked by or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I'v* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crash]] | /kræʃ/ | n. 哗啦声, 猛撞, 崩溃, 粗布 | n. a serious accident (usually involving one or more vehicles) | 1 | 7 | 7 | *When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he ki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clay\|clay]] | /klei/ | n. 泥土, 肉体, 黏土 | n. a very fine-grained soil that is plastic when moist but hard when fired | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#microwave\|microwave]] | /'maikrәuweiv/ | n. 微波 | n. a short electromagnetic wave (longer than infrared but shorter than radio wav | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they'* |
| karl | /kɑ:l/ | n. 卡尔（男子名, 等于Charles） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *KARL!* |
| michelle | /mɪ'ʃɛl/ | n. 米歇尔（女子名） |  | 1 | 19 | 8 | *Wow, is that Michelle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#graduation\|graduation]] | /.grædʒu'eiʃәn/ | n. 毕业, 得学位, 分划, 刻度, 分等级 | n. the successful completion of a program of study | 1 | 11 | 8 | *I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.* |
| dru |  | n. (Dru)人名；(法)德吕；(英)德鲁 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#motional\|motional]] |  | a. 运动的 | a. of or relating to or characterized by motion | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandpa\|grandpa]] | /'^rænpɑ:, '^rændpɑ:/ | 爷爷, 老太爷, 外公 | n the father of your father or mother | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, you're a grandpa.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] | /'sʌmpleis/ | adv. 在某处 | r in or at or to some place; (`someplace' is used informally for `somewhere') | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]] | /fә:/ | n. 毛皮 | n. the dressed hairy coat of a mammal | 1 | 12 | 9 | *[grabs a fur pelt] C'mon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grape\|grape]] | /greip/ | n. 葡萄, 葡萄树 | n. any of various juicy fruit of the genus Vitis with green or purple skins; gro | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cluster\|cluster]] | /'klʌstә/ | n. 串, 丛, 群, 簇 | v. come together as in a cluster or flock | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.* |
| ursa | /'ә:sә/ | n. [天]大熊星座（等于Ursa Major）；[天]小熊星座（等于Ursa Minor） | n. Either one of the Bears. See the Phrases below. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alarm\|alarm]] | /ә'lɑ:m/ | n. 惊恐, 警报, 警钟 | n. fear resulting from the awareness of danger | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Is that the fire alarm?* |
