---
season: 2
episode: "23"
title: "The One With the Chicken Pox"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E23 — The One With the Chicken Pox


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Rachel, Monica, Joey, and Chandler are there.


> [!scene] Rachel brings a muffin to Chandler and Monica who are sitting on the couch.

**Rachel:** Ok, Chandler, Mon, there's only one bananna [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] left.


> [!scene] Rachel holds the tray between them. Chandler grabs the muffin before Monica can.

**Monica:** Oh, I ordered mine first.

**Chandler:** Yeah, but I'm, I'm so much [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]]...

**Monica:** Give it to me.

**Chandler:** No.

**Monica:** Give it to me.

**Chandler:** Ok, you can have it. [He [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licks]] it and offers it to her.]

**Monica:** [She grabs the coffee cup on the table and [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licks]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#rim\|rim]].] There you go, enjoy your coffee.

**Chandler:** That was there when I got here. [Takes a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] of his [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]].]

**Phoebe:** [enters] Hey you guys, you will never guess who's coming to New York.

**Monica:** [Chandler tries to come back with a smart-ass [[Friends-词汇总表#remark\|remark]] but can't [[Friends-词汇总表#swallow\|swallow]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]].] Quick, Phoebe, tell us before he can swallow.

**Phoebe:** Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy.


> [!scene] Chandler is visibly upset

**Rachel:** You went out with a guy in the Navy?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]] water [[Friends-词汇总表#taffy\|taffy]] 'cause he didn't have any change.

**Joey:** Hey, is that when you wrote [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]] water [[Friends-词汇总表#taffy\|taffy]] man?

**Phoebe:** No. No, he is my submaring guy. He [[Friends-词汇总表#resurface\|resurfaces]] like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.

**Rachel:** So wait, this guy goes down for like two years at a time?


> [!scene] Once again, Chandler has a bite in his mouth and can't come back.

**Monica:** That'll [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you to [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]].

**Ross:** [enters] Hiii.

**Joey:** Oh no, what happened?

**Ross:** Well, I just [[Friends-词汇总表#spoke\|spoke]] to Carol. Ben's got the [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pox\|pox]].

**All:** Oh no.

**Ross:** Yeah, so if you haven't already had it, chances are you're gonna get it.

**Rachel:** Well I've had it.

**Joey:** Yeah, I've had it.

**Monica:** Had it.

**Chandler:** Had it.

**Phoebe:** Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. [Sees a red [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] on her [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]].] Oh look! OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Richard are in her bedroom.

**Monica:** Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.

**Richard:** Ooh, then I guess the [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#raid\|raid]] last night was totally [[Friends-词汇总表#uncalled\|uncalled]] for. Ok, I am going to take a shower and today I will be [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] Jim Crochee's Leroy Brown.


> [!scene] He walks out of the bedroom and Monica starts to remake the bed.

**Richard:** Monica... [He re-enters the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] and Monica jumps on the bed, trying to cover it.] Hey Mon, I have a question. Is Leroy the [[Friends-词汇总表#baddest\|baddest]] man in the whole damn town or the [[Friends-词汇总表#fattest\|fattest]] man in the whole damn town?

**Monica:** Baddest. Otherwise the song would be Fat Fat Leroy Brown.

**Richard:** What're you doing?

**Monica:** Just waiting for you sweetie.

**Richard:** Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#remake\|remaking]] the bed?

**Monica:** I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You know what, the way you did it was just fine.

**Richard:** Then, you're [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redoing]] it because...

**Monica:** If I tell you, you'll think I'm crazy.

**Richard:** You're pretty much running that risk either way.

**Monica:** Ok, you see, the tag shouldn't be at the top left corner, it should be at the bottom right corner.

**Richard:** Oh, well that's not so crazy.

**Monica:** I'm just [[Friends-词汇总表#ease\|easing]] you in.

**Richard:** Oh, alright.

**Monica:** Alright, you see these little flower [[Friends-词汇总表#blossom\|blossoms]]? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.

**Richard:** Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.

**Monica:** Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|fold]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] paper into a point.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's office. Joey is there.

**Chandler:** Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level [[Friends-词汇总表#processor\|processor]].

**Joey:** But don't you need experience for a job like that?

**Chandler:** It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a [[Friends-词汇总表#processor\|processor]], people will think you're a processor.

**Scott:** [enters] Hey Chandler, here's this morning's [[Friends-词汇总表#projection\|projections]].

**Chandler:** Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#fellow\|fellow]] [[Friends-词汇总表#processor\|processor]].

**Scott:** No kidding.

**Joey:** Oh yeah yeah. I process. People want the processing, I'm the one they call.

**Scott:** Where do you work?

**Joey:** Uhh, well, right now I'm in between things. You know how it is. One day you're processing, the next day you're not so much... processing any more.

**Chandler:** I was just telling Joey about the opening in Fleischman's group.

**Scott:** Fleischman's group. Whatever you do, don't touch his [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwiches]]. Ha-ha-ha...

**Joey:** Ha-ha. [Scott [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]] Are all you [[Friends-词汇总表#processor\|processors]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dork\|dorks]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Rachel are doing Phoebe's makeup.

**Rachel:** Oh, this [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] looks just great on you.

**Monica:** You look [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]] honey, you really do.

**Phoebe:** Yeah? Are you sure, really. [She picks up a [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] and sees the white [[Friends-词汇总表#splotch\|splotches]] all over her face.]

**Rachel:** You see, you look beautiful. For god [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sakes]], [[Friends-词汇总表#dim\|dim]] the lights.

**Phoebe:** I, I, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#hideous\|hideous]].

**Monica:** It's gonna be ok. Ryan's been under water. He's just gonna be so glad that you don't have [[Friends-词汇总表#barnicles\|barnicles]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Ryan is walks up to the door and knocks.

**Phoebe:** Come in.

**Ryan:** Hey baby, I'm back... [Phoebe is sitting by the window in a [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]].]

**Phoebe:** Hey Ryan, what's up?

**Ryan:** What's goin' on?

**Phoebe:** Well, no no, you have to stay back. I, I have the [[Friends-词汇总表#pox\|pox]].

**Ryan:** Chicken or small?

**Phoebe:** Chicken. Which is so [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]] considering I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]].

**Ryan:** Why aren't you at home in bed?

**Phoebe:** 'Cause my, my grandmother's never had [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pox\|pox]]. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God, I forgot how cute you are.

**Ryan:** I'm sorry, I never had 'em.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, ohh.

**Ryan:** If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser had the [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pox\|pox]]. I would grab that kid and [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] him all over my face.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, or you know, you could just wish that I didn't have them now.

**Ryan:** Can I please see your face?

**Phoebe:** Nope. You don't want to see a face covered with [[Friends-词汇总表#pox\|pox]].

**Ryan:** Your face could be covered with [[Friends-词汇总表#loch\|lochs]], I wouldn't care.

**Phoebe:** And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she [[Friends-词汇总表#unveil\|unveils]] [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] right as a huge [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bolt\|bolt]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crashes]] outside. Ryan [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screams]] in [[Friends-词汇总表#terror\|terror]].] Oh, I am [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]].

**Ryan:** Sorry, the [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]]. Lightning was an [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunate\|unfortunate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#incidence\|incidence]]. You look [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]], lovely.

**Phoebe:** I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] than this.

**Ryan:** Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel [[Friends-词汇总表#tube\|tube]] with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#itchy\|itchy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spots]] stand between us. [He walks to her and kisses her.]

**Phoebe:** Ok, this is the most [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] disease I've ever had.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's office. Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey, how's the first day goin'?

**Joey:** Pretty good. It's like you said. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] just putting numbers from one column into another column.

**Chandler:** Well there you go.

**Joey:** Hey and everbody is so nice. I just had a good talk with that lady with the red hair, Jeannie.

**Chandler:** Jeannie, the head of east coast operations Jeannie?

**Joey:** Yeah, turns out our kids go to the same school. Small world huh?

**Chandler:** Weird world. Your kids?

**Joey:** I figure my character has kids.

**Chandler:** Ya know there isn't a part of that [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] I don't need [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explained]].

**Joey:** Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the [[Friends-词汇总表#processor\|processor]] guy, has two little girls, Ashley and Brittany. Ashley copies everything Brittany does.

**Chandler:** Well, [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] kids can be that way sometimes.

**Joey:** Yeah. Joseph and his wife, Karen, are thinking of having a third kid... Ya know what? Just did.

**Chandler:** Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful [[Friends-词汇总表#imaginary\|imaginary]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] you must have there.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Phoebe and Ryan are playing Monopoly.

**Ryan:** You know what makes the [[Friends-词汇总表#itch\|itching]] even worse?

**Phoebe:** That you don't stop talking about it.

**Ryan:** Fine.

**Phoebe:** Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. [She picks up the [[Friends-词汇总表#dice\|dice]].] Here we go, double sixes, here we go... [She starts to [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] the dice all over [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]].] Here we go, come to [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]], just getting ready to [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] the dice...

**Ryan:** What're you doing? Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratching]]?

**Phoebe:** No. This is what I do for luck, ok.

**Ryan:** You're [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratching]]. Give me the [[Friends-词汇总表#dice\|dice]].

**Phoebe:** No.

**Ryan:** Give me the [[Friends-词汇总表#dice\|dice]].

**Phoebe:** No. Here. [Throws them on the table.] There. Ooh, double sixes.

**Ryan:** We can't [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]]. You know we can't, we'll scar.

**Phoebe:** Uhh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just so hard. I just wanna grab all these houses and [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] 'em all over my body. [Grabs a [[Friends-词汇总表#handful\|handful]] of the houses.]

**Ryan:** No.

**Phoebe:** Give it.

**Ryan:** No.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, come on. You know you want it, you know you want it too, come on. Let's just be bad, it'll feel so good. [She starts [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratching]] him.]

**Ryan:** Oh God help me.

**Phoebe:** Now do me, do my back. Oh come on, [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]].


> [!scene] They get back to back and start rubbing against each other. Ross and Rachel enter.

**Rachel:** Oh, stop that, stop that right now.

**Ross:** You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's office building. Joey and Jeannie are talking.

**Joey:** You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]], you'll bring the kids, we'll make a day of it.

**Jeannie:** Oh, that sounds [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]]. We're gonna have to set that up. Oh, I better get back. Hope the baby feels better.

**Joey:** Oh, thanks, thanks. Bye bye Jeannie.

**Jeannie:** Bye bye Joey.

**Joey:** What a [[Friends-词汇总表#phony\|phony]].

**Chandler:** Well, I'm sure you'll [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] her a [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] when she steps off the [[Friends-词汇总表#dock\|dock]] [[Friends-词汇总表#onto\|onto]] nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.

**Joey:** Sir.

**Mr. Douglas:** Uh, listen Bing, I received your memo. So, we're not gonna receive the systems report until next Friday?

**Chandler:** Well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families.

**Mr. Douglas:** I have a family, I'm gonna be here.

**Joey:** Yeah Bing, what's that about?

**Chandler:** It's about cutting my people a little [[Friends-词汇总表#slack\|slack]], ya know, for [[Friends-词汇总表#morale\|morale]]. Look, if you wanna see some [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] numbers, I can get them to you by Wednesday.

**Mr. Douglas:** Rough numbers?

**Joey:** This company was not built on [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] numbers. Am I right Mr. Douglas.

**Mr. Douglas:** Have the final numbers on my desk by Tuesday.

**Chandler:** Uh, if you say so [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Joey:** Joseph's good, isn't he?

**Chandler:** Well, I'm going to kill you.

**Joey:** Hey, hey, I just figure Joseph's the kinda guy that likes to mix it up. Ya know, get in there, [[Friends-词汇总表#ruffle\|ruffle]] some [[Friends-词汇总表#feather\|feathers]].

**Chandler:** Why?

**Joey:** Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it. 'What're you tryin' to pull,' he'll say.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica enters her bedroom with a roll of duct tape. Richard is sitting on the bed.

**Richard:** Ooh, [[Friends-词汇总表#duct\|duct]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]]. Was I supposed to bring something too?

**Monica:** This is for the [[Friends-词汇总表#scratchy\|scratchy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twins]] out there. I [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|taped]] [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mit\|mits]] to their hands.

**Richard:** You're [[Friends-词汇总表#strict\|strict]].

**Monica:** It's for their own good.

**Richard:** You know, I like the way you have [[Friends-词汇总表#efficiently\|efficiently]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|folded]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#tab\|tab]] under. See in a [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] emergency you could [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]] [[Friends-词汇总表#valuable\|valuable]] seconds off your time.

**Monica:** Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally [[Friends-词汇总表#neurotic\|neurotic]] around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like it better now that everything on your desk is [[Friends-词汇总表#perpendicular\|perpendicular]]?

**Richard:** If it's not a right [[Friends-词汇总表#angle\|angle]], it is a wrong angle.

**Monica:** Very good.

**Richard:** Thank you.

**Monica:** You know what. Tomorrow I'm gonna do your [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clocks]].

**Richard:** You're gonna do what to my [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clocks]].

**Monica:** I'm gonna set them to my time.

**Richard:** Well, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]]. I thought we shared time.

**Monica:** No no. See, in my [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] I set my [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] six minutes fast. You wanna know why?

**Richard:** Because it's in a [[Friends-词汇总表#slightly\|slightly]] different time zone than the kitchen.

**Monica:** No forget it, I'm not gonna tell you now.

**Richard:** No come on. Come on tell me.

**Monica:** No. See you don't understand.

**Richard:** Come on.

**Monica:** No. You don't have any of these cute little [[Friends-词汇总表#obsessive\|obsessive]] things.

**Richard:** No that's not true. That is not true.

**Monica:** Oh yeah.

**Richard:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Alright, well tell me one of yours.

**Richard:** Ok. Ahh. One of my things is, I always separate my [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|socks]] from my dress socks.

**Monica:** What if they get mixed up?

**Richard:** Boy I would just uh, I would freak out.

**Monica:** You would not. I can't believe this. I hate this, you're too normal. I can't believe my boyfriend doesn't have a thing. My boyfriend doesn't have a thing.

**Richard:** See, if anyone [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overheard]] that, I didn't come off well.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's office. Chandler is asleep in his chair holding a paper in one hand and a pen in the other. Joey walks in, waking up Chandler who covers by pretending to write on the paper.

**Joey:** Hey. Mr. Douglas is looking for you.

**Chandler:** Why? Wh- wh- why is Mr. Douglas looking for me?

**Joey:** 'Cause he has a strong [[Friends-词汇总表#suspicion\|suspicion]] that you dropped the ball on the Lender project.

**Chandler:** Wha- wh- why, why, why does he [[Friends-词汇总表#suspect\|suspect]] that?

**Joey:** Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.

**Chandler:** Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]] that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.

**Joey:** What're you talking about, everybody loves Joseph.

**Chandler:** I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-[[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nosing]] suck up.

**Joey:** Oh yeah. Well you can't fire Joseph. You know why, 'cause he's not in your department.

**Chandler:** Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife.

**Joey:** Karen.

**Chandler:** Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an [[Friends-词汇总表#affair\|affair]] with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.

**Joey:** Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.

**Chandler:** Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the [[Friends-词汇总表#rogue\|rogue]] [[Friends-词汇总表#processor\|processor]] who [[Friends-词汇总表#seduce\|seduces]] his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]]. In fact, I have her [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panties]] right there in my [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]].

**Joey:** Really?

**Chandler:** No [[Friends-词汇总表#freakshow\|freakshow]], she's [[Friends-词汇总表#fictional\|fictional]].

**Joey:** Take it easy. If it means that much to you, I'll uh, I'll go find something else.

**Chandler:** Thank you.

**Joey:** It's just that, I, I'm gonna miss Joseph. I liked him. His wife, she was hot.


> [!scene] Chadler pushes him out the door by the face.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel and Ross are in the kitchen. Phoebe is sitting at the couch with oven mits on her hands.

**Phoebe:** Can I please take these off? I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] I won't [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]].

**Rachel:** No sorry [[Friends-词汇总表#hon\|hon]], Monica's orders.

**Ryan:** [Comes out of the bathroom, also with [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mit\|mits]] on his hands.] Well that wasn't easy.

**Ross:** Ok, dinner's on.

**Rachel:** And there's a [[Friends-词汇总表#peach\|peach]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cobbler\|cobbler]] [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warming]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] so the plate's gonna be hot but that shouldn't be a problem for you.

**Ross:** Alright you kids, bye now. PHOEBE and RYAN: Bye. [[[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|waving]]]

**Ross:** Oh look, a low budget [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] show.

**Phoebe:** It's such a [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] you can't see which [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] I'm holding up.


> [!scene] Ross and Rachel leave.

**Ryan:** Wine?

**Phoebe:** Please. [Ryan pulls the [[Friends-词汇总表#cork\|cork]] with his [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spits]] it into Phoebe's [[Friends-词汇总表#mit\|mits]].]

**Ryan:** Oh, I [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spilled]] some.

**Phoebe:** I got it. [Wipes it up with her [[Friends-词汇总表#mit\|mits]].]

**Ryan:** [Puts his hands over Phoebe's [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ears]].] I must tell you, you look beautiful tonight.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Ryan:** Sorry. You look beautiful.

**Phoebe:** Oh.


> [!scene] They start to kiss. They try to get each other's shirts off but can't get the buttons undone.

**Phoebe:** You know what, that's it, that's it. [She [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rips]] off the [[Friends-词汇总表#mit\|mits]], Ryan follows her lead.]


> [!scene] They keep kissing and start scratching each other. Ross enters, takes one look, and goes right back out the door.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Richard and Monica are in bed.

**Richard:** Monica, wake up. Monica.

**Monica:** What's up?

**Richard:** I thought of a thing.

**Monica:** Yeah?

**Richard:** Yeah. I have to sleep, have to, on this side of the bed.

**Monica:** No honey. You have to sleep on this side of the bed because I have to sleep on this side of the bed.

**Richard:** Or so I would have you believe.

**Monica:** No. Big deal, so you have a side of the bed, everybody has a side of the bed.

**Richard:** Hey come on, you haven't heard my reason yet.

**Monica:** Alright, go on.

**Richard:** Ok, I have to sleep on the west side because I grew up in California and otherwise the ocean would be on the wrong side.

**Monica:** Oh my God, you're a freak.

**Richard:** Yeah. How 'bout that.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe, Rachel, Ross, and Ryan are there. Ryan is in uniform, getting ready to leave.

**Rachel:** So uh, Ryan, were you shipping off to?

**Ryan:** I really can't say.

**Ross:** So do you have like any nuclear [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapons]] on board?

**Ryan:** I can't say.

**Rachel:** Well do you get to look through one of those like, those [[Friends-词汇总表#periscope\|periscope]] [[Friends-词汇总表#thingys\|thingys]].

**Ryan:** I'm sorry, but I can't say.

**Ross:** Wow, it, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] learning about [[Friends-词汇总表#submarine\|submarines]].

**Ryan:** I better get out of here, I'm gonna miss my flight.

**Phoebe:** Ok, I'll walk you out.

**Ross:** Bye Ryan.

**Ryan:** Pleasure.

**Rachel:** It was nice to meet you.

**Ryan:** Take care.


> [!scene] Phoebe and Ryan walk outside.

**Rachel:** So do you uh, think we can get you one of those uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]] things?

**Ross:** You like that do ya?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah.

**Ross:** I'll make some calls. [Runs off.]

**Rachel:** Ok.


> [!scene] Outside with Phoebe and Ryan.

**Ryan:** Can you believe how we spent our two weeks together?

**Phoebe:** I know. We didn't do any of the [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] things I had planned, like having a [[Friends-词汇总表#picnic\|picnic]] at Central Park and ya know, coffee at Central Perk. Oh I just got that. [They kiss.]

**Ryan:** Taxi.

**Phoebe:** Bye you. [Ryan's [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] drives off. As Phoebe is going back in, she sees the Central Perk sign in the window and laughs.]


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is closing. Ross walks in in a uniform.

**Rachel:** Oh I'm sorry, we're clo-... Hey [[Friends-词汇总表#sailor\|sailor]].

**Ross:** Is this what you had in mind?

**Rachel:** I'll say.


> [!scene] Ross picks her up.

**Ross:** I'm shipping out tomorrow.

**Rachel:** Well then uh, we better make this night count. [He starts to carry her out.] Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. [He carries her over to turn it off.] Anchors away. Oh no no, my [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]], my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. [He carries her to the counter to pick up her purse.] Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.

**Ross:** Alright you know, why don't I just meet you [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]]. [Drops her on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] and walks out holding his lower back.]


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（44）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 8 | 281 | 110 | *Oh, thanks, thanks. Bye bye Jeannie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 5 | 217 | 129 | *Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 4 | 182 | 101 | *And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 2 | 86 | 66 | *[She grabs the coffee cup on the table and licks the rim.] There you go, enjoy your coffee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *[enters] Hey you guys, you will never guess who's coming to New York.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 2 | 162 | 106 | *No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a showe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 2 | 75 | 55 | *Monica... [He re-enters the bedroom and Monica jumps on the bed, trying to cover it.] Hey Mon, I hav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *If I tell you, you'll think I'm crazy.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, well, right now I'm in between things. You know how it is. One day you're processing, the next * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 2 | 115 | 97 | *Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 2 | 82 | 60 | *Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 2 | 99 | 81 | *Boy I would just uh, I would freak out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *You would not. I can't believe this. I hate this, you're too normal. I can't believe my boyfriend do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 2 | 87 | 69 | *Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 2 | 133 | 83 | *[Comes out of the bathroom, also with oven mits on his hands.] Well that wasn't easy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Oh, I ordered mine first.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Oh no, what happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Well, I just spoke to Carol. Ben's got the chicken pox.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a showe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Fleischman's group. Whatever you do, don't touch his sandwiches. Ha-ha-ha...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *It's gonna be ok. Ryan's been under water. He's just gonna be so glad that you don't have barnicles * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Hey baby, I'm back... [Phoebe is sitting by the window in a veil.]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Hey and everbody is so nice. I just had a good talk with that lady with the red hair, Jeannie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Weird world. Your kids?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *You know what makes the itching even worse?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *No. This is what I do for luck, ok.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *We can't scratch. You know we can't, we'll scar.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Yeah Bing, what's that about?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Well, I'm going to kill you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Ooh, duct tape. Was I supposed to bring something too?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Alright, well tell me one of yours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Ok. Ahh. One of my things is, I always separate my sweat socks from my dress socks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 6 | 48 | 31 | *Well then uh, we better make this night count. [He starts to carry her out.] Oh wait, I forgot to tu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 5 | 74 | 39 | *Well, I just spoke to Carol. Ben's got the chicken pox.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] | /'mʌfin/ | n. 松饼 | n. a sweet quick bread baked in a cup-shaped pan | 4 | 23 | 14 | *Ok, Chandler, Mon, there's only one bananna nut muffin left.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 3 | 26 | 22 | *If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 3 | 45 | 37 | *Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] | /skrætʃ/ | n. 抓痕, 搔, 抓, 擦伤, 刮擦声, 乱写, 零分, 起跑线 | n. a competitor who has withdrawn from competition | 3 | 16 | 14 | *What're you doing? Are you scratching?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] | /'ʌvәn/ | n. 烤箱, 灶, 子宫 | n. kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting | 3 | 23 | 16 | *This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] | /lik/ | n. 舔, 少许, 打 | n. touching with the tongue | 2 | 15 | 11 | *Ok, you can have it. [He licks it and offers it to her.]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]] | /sɒ:lt/ | n. 盐, 风趣, 刺激 | n. a compound formed by replacing hydrogen in an acid by a metal (or a radical t | 2 | 20 | 11 | *Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 2 | 63 | 47 | *That'll teach you to lick my muffin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 2 | 64 | 45 | *Monica... [He re-enters the bedroom and Monica jumps on the bed, trying to cover it.] Hey Mon, I hav* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 2 | 56 | 32 | *What's goin' on?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 2 | 27 | 23 | *And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 2 | 47 | 36 | *Ok, this is the most romantic disease I've ever had.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 2 | 70 | 43 | *Sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] | /rʌf/ | n. 粗糙的东西, 毛坯, 未加工品, 梗概, 草图, 暴徒, 艰难 | n. the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut sh | 2 | 17 | 15 | *It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 2 | 79 | 28 | *Ooh, duct tape. Was I supposed to bring something too?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 2 | 38 | 27 | *You know what. Tomorrow I'm gonna do your clocks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|sock]] | /sɒk/ | n. 短袜, 鞋垫, 一击 | n. hosiery consisting of a cloth covering for the foot; worn inside the shoe; re | 2 | 29 | 15 | *Ok. Ahh. One of my things is, I always separate my sweat socks from my dress socks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *Ok, Chandler, Mon, there's only one bananna nut muffin left.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]] |  | [计] 加快 | a acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Yeah, but I'm, I'm so much faster...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *That was there when I got here. [Takes a bite of his muffin.]* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. [Sees a red bump on her arm.] Oh look! OPENING TITLES* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. [Sees a red bump on her arm.] Oh look! OPENING TITLES* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a showe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *Fleischman's group. Whatever you do, don't touch his sandwiches. Ha-ha-ha...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Yeah? Are you sure, really. [She picks up a mirror and sees the white splotches all over her face.]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sake]] | /seik/ | n. 目的, 缘故, 理由 | n. a reason for wanting something done | 1 | 16 | 14 | *You see, you look beautiful. For god sakes, dim the lights.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *It's gonna be ok. Ryan's been under water. He's just gonna be so glad that you don't have barnicles * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] | /.vedʒi'tєәriәn/ | n. 素食者, 食草动物 | n. eater of fruits and grains and nuts; someone who eats no meat or fish or (oft | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Chicken. Which is so ironic considering I'm a vegetarian.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everythi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] | /'mәustli/ | adv. 大概, 大部分, 主要 | r in large part; mainly or chiefly | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Pretty good. It's like you said. It's mostly just putting numbers from one column into another colum* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Ya know there isn't a part of that sentence I don't need explained.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *Ya know there isn't a part of that sentence I don't need explained.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. [She picks up the dice.] Here we go, double sixes, here we go... [She* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Now do me, do my back. Oh come on, harder.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a lunch, you'll bring the kids, we'll make* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] | /'lesn/ | n. 课, 课业, 教训 | n. a unit of instruction | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#onto\|onto]] | /'ɒntu:/ | prep. 在...之上 | prep. On the top of; upon; on. See On to, under On, prep. | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.* |
| somethin |  | [网络] 事端；情书 |  | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tryin\|tryin]] |  | vi. 设法；试着 |  | 1 | 13 | 11 | *Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 59 | 24 | *This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] | /'tæp/ | n. 轻打, 水龙头 | n. a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dan | 1 | 20 | 16 | *This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]] | /ʃeiv/ | n. 修面, 刮胡子, 幸免, 剃刀 | n. the act of removing hair with a razor | 1 | 16 | 15 | *You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Well, I'm confused. I thought we shared time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Ok. Ahh. One of my things is, I always separate my sweat socks from my dress socks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] | /'laiftaim/ | n. 一生, 终生 | n the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death) | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]] | /ʌn'fɔ:tjjnәtli/ | adv. 恐怕, 不幸的是 | r. by bad luck | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I * |

### 低频词（85）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joseph\|joseph]] | /'dʒәuzif/ | n. 约瑟夫（男子名）；约瑟（圣经中雅各的第十一子） | n. leader of the Nez Perce in their retreat from United States troops (1840-1904 | 13 | 27 | 9 | *Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the proce* |
| ryan | /'raiәn/ | n. 赖安（男子名） |  | 12 | 13 | 2 | *Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#processor\|processor]] | /prә'sesә/ | n. 信息处理机, 加工者, 处理者 | n. a business engaged in processing agricultural products and preparing them for | 6 | 6 | 1 | *Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pox\|pox]] | /pɒks/ | n. 痘病, 痘, 瘟疫 | n. a contagious disease characterized by purulent skin eruptions that may leave  | 5 | 6 | 2 | *Well, I just spoke to Carol. Ben's got the chicken pox.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dice\|dice]] | /dais/ | n. 骰子 | v. play dice | 5 | 9 | 3 | *Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. [She picks up the dice.] Here we go, double sixes, here we go... [She* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mit\|mit]] | /mit/ | n. 手, 连指手套, 棒球手套, 拳击手套, 马萨诸塞理工学院, 麻省理工学院 | n an engineering university in Cambridge | 5 | 5 | 1 | *This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.* |
| jeannie |  | n. 珍妮（女子名） |  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Hey and everbody is so nice. I just had a good talk with that lady with the red hair, Jeannie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#karen\|karen]] | /'kɑ:rәn/ | n. 凯伦（人名）；克伦邦（缅甸邦名） | n. the Tibeto-Burman language spoken in the Thailand and Burmese borderlands | 4 | 8 | 5 | *Yeah. Joseph and his wife, Karen, are thinking of having a third kid... Ya know what? Just did.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#douglas\|douglas]] | /'dʌ^lәs/ | n. 道格拉斯（男子名）；道格拉斯（英国马恩岛首府） | n. United States politician who proposed that individual territories be allowed  | 4 | 14 | 4 | *Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.* |
| leroy | /'lerɔi/ | n. 勒罗伊（男子名） |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a showe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]] | /'laitniŋ/ | n. 闪电 | n. abrupt electric discharge from cloud to cloud or from cloud to earth accompan | 3 | 13 | 6 | *And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swallow\|swallow]] | /'swɒlәu/ | n. 燕子, 吞咽, 喉 | n. a small amount of liquid food | 2 | 11 | 7 | *[Chandler tries to come back with a smart-ass remark but can't swallow the muffin.] Quick, Phoebe, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#navy\|navy]] | /'neivi/ | n. 海军, 海军人员, 海军军力, 烟蒂 | n. an organization of military vessels belonging to a country and available for  | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taffy\|taffy]] | /'tæfi/ | n. 太妃糖, 阿谀, 威尔士人 | n. chewy candy of sugar or syrup boiled until thick and pulled until glossy | 2 | 6 | 2 | *Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baddest\|baddest]] | /'bædəst/ | a. 最坏的 |  | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Monica... [He re-enters the bedroom and Monica jumps on the bed, trying to cover it.] Hey Mon, I hav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fleischman\|fleischman]] |  | [人名] 弗莱施曼 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I was just telling Joey about the opening in Fleischman's group.* |
| ashley |  | n. 艾希莉（人名） |  | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the proce* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brittany\|brittany]] | /'britәni/ | n. 布列塔尼（法国西北部一地区） | n a former province of northwestern France on a peninsula between the English Ch | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the proce* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angle\|angle]] | /'æŋgl/ | n. 角, 角度, 角落 | n. the space between two lines or planes that intersect; the inclination of one  | 2 | 5 | 4 | *If it's not a right angle, it is a wrong angle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perk\|perk]] | /pә:k/ | vi. 昂首, 振作, 举止高傲, 神气活现, 滤煮 | n an incidental benefit awarded for certain types of employment (especially if i | 2 | 11 | 9 | *I know. We didn't do any of the romantic things I had planned, like having a picnic at Central Park * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rim\|rim]] | /rim/ | n. 边, 轮缘, 框 | n. the shape of a raised edge of a more or less circular object | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[She grabs the coffee cup on the table and licks the rim.] There you go, enjoy your coffee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remark\|remark]] | /ri'mɑ:k/ | n. 评论, 注意 | n. a statement that expresses a personal opinion or belief or adds information | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[Chandler tries to come back with a smart-ass remark but can't swallow the muffin.] Quick, Phoebe, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resurface\|resurface]] | /ri:'sә:fis/ | vi. 重铺路面 | v. reappear on the surface | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panty]] | /'pænti/ | n. 女裤；童裤（等于panties） | n short underpants for women or children (usually used in the plural) | 1 | 13 | 6 | *Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a showe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raid\|raid]] | /reid/ | n. 袭击, 突袭, 搜捕 | n. an attempt by speculators to defraud investors | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a showe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncalled\|uncalled]] | /.ʌn'kɒ:ld/ | a. 未被召唤的, 未经邀请的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a showe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fattest\|fattest]] |  | a. 丰满的；胖的（fat的最高级） | a having an (over)abundance of flesh | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Monica... [He re-enters the bedroom and Monica jumps on the bed, trying to cover it.] Hey Mon, I hav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remake\|remake]] | /ri'meik/ | vt. 再作, 再制, 重作 | n. creation that is created again or anew | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Are you remaking the bed?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redo]] | /.ri:'du:/ | vt. 再做, 重做, 改装 | v make new | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Then, you're redoing it because...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ease\|ease]] | /i:z/ | n. 安乐, 安逸, 悠闲 | n. freedom from difficulty or hardship or effort | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I'm just easing you in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blossom\|blossom]] | /'blɒsәm/ | n. 花, 花开的状态, 兴旺期 | v. develop or come to a promising stage | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|fold]] | /fәuld/ | n. 折层, 折, 羊栏, 折痕, 信徒 | n. an angular or rounded shape made by folding | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#projection\|projection]] | /prә'dʒekʃәn/ | n. 发射, 计划, 突出部分, 设计, 推测 | n. a prediction made by extrapolating from past observations | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[enters] Hey Chandler, here's this morning's projections.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alexander\|alexander]] | /,æli^'zɑ:ndә/ | n. 亚历山大（男子名） | n. European herb somewhat resembling celery widely naturalized in Britain coasta | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fellow\|fellow]] | /'felәu/ | n. 男人, 朋友, 同事 | n. a member of a learned society | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dork\|dork]] | /dɔ:k/ | n. <俚>笨蛋 | n a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Ha-ha. [Scott leaves] Are all you processors dorks?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] | /'lipstik/ | n. 口红, 唇膏 | n. makeup that is used to color the lips | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Oh, this lipstick looks just great on you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]] | /'fæbjulәs/ | a. 传说的, 寓言般的, 难以置信的 | s. extremely pleasing | 1 | 6 | 5 | *You look fabulous honey, you really do.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#splotch\|splotch]] | /splɒtʃ/ | n. 斑点, 污点 | v. blotch or spot | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah? Are you sure, really. [She picks up a mirror and sees the white splotches all over her face.]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dim\|dim]] | /dim/ | a. 暗淡的, 模糊的 | v. switch (a car's headlights) from a higher to a lower beam | 1 | 3 | 2 | *You see, you look beautiful. For god sakes, dim the lights.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hideous\|hideous]] | /'hidiәs/ | a. 丑恶的, 可憎的, 令人沮丧的 | s. grossly offensive to decency or morality; causing horror | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I, I, I'm hideous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barnicles\|barnicles]] |  | (barnicle 的复数)  [人名] 巴尼克尔 | plural of barnicle | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's gonna be ok. Ryan's been under water. He's just gonna be so glad that you don't have barnicles * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]] | /veil/ | n. 面纱, 面罩, 借口, 幕, 帐, 遮蔽物 | n. a membranous covering attached to the immature fruiting body of certain mushr | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Hey baby, I'm back... [Phoebe is sitting by the window in a veil.]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]] | /aiә'rɔnik/ | a. 冷嘲的, 挖苦的, 反话的, 讽刺的, 令人啼笑皆非的, 出乎意料的 | s. characterized by often poignant difference or incongruity between what is exp | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Chicken. Which is so ironic considering I'm a vegetarian.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jimmy\|jimmy]] | /'dʒimi/ | n. 铁撬 | n. a short crowbar | 1 | 3 | 3 | *If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hauser\|hauser]] |  | 豪泽； 霍瑟 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loch\|loch]] | /lɒk/ | n. 湖, 海湾 | n. a long narrow inlet of the sea in Scotland (especially when it is nearly land | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Your face could be covered with lochs, I wouldn't care.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unveil\|unveil]] | /.ʌn'veil/ | vt. 揭开, 揭幕, 除去...的面纱 | v. remove the veil from | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bolt\|bolt]] | /bәult/ | n. 门闩, 螺钉, 筛子, 闪电, 意外事件 | n. a sliding bar in a breech-loading firearm that ejects an empty cartridge and  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crash\|crash]] | /kræʃ/ | n. 哗啦声, 猛撞, 崩溃, 粗布 | n. a serious accident (usually involving one or more vehicles) | 1 | 7 | 7 | *And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terror\|terror]] | /'terә/ | n. 恐怖, 可怕的人 | n. a person who inspires fear or dread | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunate\|unfortunate]] | /.ʌn'fɒ:tʃәnit/ | a. 不幸的, 不合适的, 不吉利的 | n. a person who suffers misfortune | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incidence\|incidence]] | /'insidәns/ | n. 发生, 发生率, 影响, 负担者, 入射, 倾角 | n. the relative frequency of occurrence of something | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tube\|tube]] | /tju:b/ | n. 管, 软管, 隧道 | n. conduit consisting of a long hollow object (usually cylindrical) used to hold | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#itchy\|itchy]] | /'itʃi/ | a. 渴望的, 痒的, 生疥疮的 | s. causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I a* |
| everbody |  | [网络] 人人都 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey and everbody is so nice. I just had a good talk with that lady with the red hair, Jeannie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] | /in'vizәbl/ | a. 看不见的, 无形的 | a. impossible or nearly impossible to see; imperceptible by the eye | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Well, invisible kids can be that way sometimes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imaginary\|imaginary]] | /i'mædʒinәri/ | a. 想像的, 虚构的, 假想的 | n (mathematics) a number of the form a+bi where a and b are real numbers and i i | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] | /spә:m/ | n. 精液, 精虫, 鲸油, 抹香鲸 | n. the male reproductive cell; the male gamete | 1 | 23 | 9 | *Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#itch\|itch]] | /itʃ/ | n. 痒, 渴望, 疥疮 | n. an irritating cutaneous sensation that produces a desire to scratch | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You know what makes the itching even worse?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]] | /'mɑ:mә/ | n. 妈妈 | n. a name under which Ninkhursag was worshipped | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. [She picks up the dice.] Here we go, double sixes, here we go... [She* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handful\|handful]] | /'hændful/ | n. 少数, 一把, 棘手事 | n. a small number or amount | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Uhh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just so hard. I just wanna grab all these houses and rub '* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milton\|milton]] | /'miltәn/ | n. 米尔顿（男子名, 英国诗人） | n. English poet; remembered primarily as the author of an epic poem describing h | 1 | 3 | 2 | *You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a lunch, you'll bring the kids, we'll make* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phony\|phony]] | /'fәuni/ | n. 假货, 假冒者, 赝品 | n a person who professes beliefs and opinions that he or she does not hold in or | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What a phony.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dock\|dock]] | /dɒk/ | n. 码头, 船坞, 被告席, 尾巴的骨肉部分 | n. an enclosure in a court of law where the defendant sits during the trial | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slack\|slack]] | /slæk/ | n. 松弛, 松懈, 淡季, 闲散, 家常裤 | n. dust consisting of a mixture of small coal fragments and coal dust and dirt t | 1 | 5 | 4 | *It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#morale\|morale]] | /mɒ'rɑ:l/ | n. 士气, 道德 | n. a state of individual psychological well-being based upon a sense of confiden | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruffle\|ruffle]] | /'rʌfl/ | n. 皱褶, 波纹, 生气, 混乱 | v. trouble or vex | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey, hey, I just figure Joseph's the kinda guy that likes to mix it up. Ya know, get in there, ruffl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feather\|feather]] | /'feðә/ | n. 羽毛 | n. the light horny waterproof structure forming the external covering of birds | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Hey, hey, I just figure Joseph's the kinda guy that likes to mix it up. Ya know, get in there, ruffl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duct\|duct]] | /dʌkt/ | n. 管, 输送管 | n. a bodily passage or tube lined with epithelial cells and conveying a secretio | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh, duct tape. Was I supposed to bring something too?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scratchy\|scratchy]] | /'skrætʃi/ | a. 潦草的, 刺痛的, 发痒的, 凑合的, 发擦刮声的, 乖戾的 | s causing abrasion | 1 | 3 | 3 | *This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strict\|strict]] | /strikt/ | a. 严厉的, 绝对的, 详尽的, 严格的, 精确的 | s rigidly accurate; allowing no deviation from a standard | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You're strict.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#efficiently\|efficiently]] | /i'fiʃәntli/ | adv. 生效, 能胜任, 有能力, 效率高, 有效 | r. with efficiency; in an efficient manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tab\|tab]] | /tæb/ | n. 制表(键), 搭襻, 标号, 调整片, (易拉罐)拉环, 帐单, 标签, 制表符 | n. a short strip of material attached to or projecting from something in order t | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#valuable\|valuable]] | /'væljuәbl/ | a. 有价值的, 贵重的, 宝贵的, 可估价的 | n. something of value | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neurotic\|neurotic]] | /nju'rɒtik/ | n. 神经症患者 | n. a person suffering from neurosis | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perpendicular\|perpendicular]] | /.pә:pәn'dikjulә/ | n. 垂直线, 垂直的位置, 直立(姿势), 刚正, 垂规 | n. a straight line at right angles to another line | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slightly\|slightly]] | /'slaitli/ | adv. 些微地, 苗条地 | r. to a small degree or extent | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Because it's in a slightly different time zone than the kitchen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsessive\|obsessive]] | /әb'sesiv,ɔb-/ | a. 着迷的 | n. a person who has obsessions | 1 | 10 | 7 | *No. You don't have any of these cute little obsessive things.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overhear]] | /.әuvә'hiә/ | vt. 无意中听到, 偷听 | v hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers | 1 | 7 | 7 | *See, if anyone overheard that, I didn't come off well.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suspicion\|suspicion]] | /sә'spiʃәn/ | n. 怀疑, 觉察, 嫌疑 | n. the state of being suspected | 1 | 1 | 1 | *'Cause he has a strong suspicion that you dropped the ball on the Lender project.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lender\|lender]] | /'lendә/ | n. 出借人, 贷方 | n. someone who lends money or gives credit in business matters | 1 | 1 | 1 | *'Cause he has a strong suspicion that you dropped the ball on the Lender project.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suspect\|suspect]] | /sә'spekt/ | n. 被怀疑者, 嫌疑犯 | n. someone who is under suspicion | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that?* |
| becasue |  | [网络] 因为 |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affair\|affair]] | /ә'fєә/ | n. 事件, 事务, 恋爱事件 | n. a usually secretive or illicit sexual relationship | 1 | 13 | 6 | *Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.* |
