---
season: 2
episode: "20"
title: "The One Where Old Yeller Dies"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E20 — The One Where Old Yeller Dies


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Phoebe enters to see Monica, Richard, Ross, and Rachel tearfully watching TV.

**Phoebe:** Hey. Watcha guys doin?

**Richard:** Monica's making us watch Old Yeller.

**Phoebe:** Why are you guys so upset? It's Old Yeller, it's a happy movie.

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** What're you talkin' about?

**Phoebe:** C'mon, happy family gets a dog, [[Friends-词汇总表#frontier\|frontier]] fun.

**Ross:** Yeah but Phoebs, what about the end?

**Phoebe:** What when Yeller saves saves the family from the [[Friends-词汇总表#wolf\|wolf]] and everyone's happy?

**Rachel:** That's not the end.

**Phoebe:** Yu-huh. That's when my mother would [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] off the TV and say 'The end'.

**Monica:** What about the part where he has [[Friends-词汇总表#rabies\|rabies]]?

**Phoebe:** He doesn't have [[Friends-词汇总表#rabies\|rabies]], he has babies. That's what my mom said.

**Richard:** Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.

**Phoebe:** What, what's about to happen? [starts watching] I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]]? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END. [hear the [[Friends-词汇总表#gunshot\|gunshot]] from the TV]


> [!scene] Scene:Monica and Rachel's apartment. Richard is on the balcony smoking and Monica is on the phone.

**Monica:** Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got [[Friends-词汇总表#leftover\|leftovers]]... Chicken and [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]]... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] [[Friends-词汇总表#glove\|gloves]].


> [!scene] Chandler and Joey come sprinting in

**Joey:** Ya know, one of these times you're gonna really be naked and we're not gonna come over.

**Monica:** Alright, I've got a [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]], three breasts and a [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|wing]].

**Chandler:** Well, how do you find clothes that fit?

**Joey:** Oh, hey, Monica, we've got a question.

**Monica:** Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]], and no I don't look.

**Joey:** No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] issues and Dan with the [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poking]]. [starts poking Monica in the [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]]] 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]? Is that Spike Lee?'

**Monica:** Ok. [Richard walks in] Hey, why don't you ask Richard?

**Joey:** Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who [[Friends-词汇总表#bruise\|bruises]] you who would you pick?

**Richard:** Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.

**Chandler:** Ok, that's Eric.

**Richard:** Glad to be of help. Matches. [walks out to the [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]]]

**Monica:** I meant, why don't you take Richard to the game? What?

**Joey:** I don't know.

**Monica:** C'mon. Keeps his [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]] to himself and he's always [[Friends-词汇总表#minty\|minty]] fresh.

**Chandler:** I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old [Monica gives him a [[Friends-词汇总表#glare\|glare]]] -er than some people, but, uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#younger\|younger]] than some buildings.

**Monica:** So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag. [walks off]

**Joey:** How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] in the cool car?

**Chandler:** Ok, this could be [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]].

**Joey:** [Monica walks back in the kitchen] Ok ok ok ok. Monica, we'll bring him, but only if he takes the Jaguar.

**Chandler:** Ooh, you almost had it.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment. Ross is holding Ben.

**Ross:** [smells Ben's [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]]] No no, you're fine, you're fine.

**Carol:** [enters with Susan] Hello

**Ross:** Hi.

**Susan:** Hey.

**Carol:** Hi honey.

**Ross:** Oh you guys are not gonna believe what happened.

**Carol:** What?

**Susan:** What?

**Ross:** Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. He pulled himself up. Standing man. I'm sorry you guys missed it but I did [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] it so it you guys want to see it.

**Carol:** Uhh, we know, he already did it last week.

**Susan:** You can watch our [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] if you want.

**Ross:** I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolled]] over, the first time he [[Friends-词汇总表#crawl\|crawled]]. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?

**Carol:** Actually, he is getting [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] on the talking thing. He can't quite say [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]] yet, but once he said [[Friends-词汇总表#yuman\|yumen]].

**Ross:** Ooh, I, I'm so [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] of missing stuff. Ya know, I want him for more than, than a day, I want him for a whole weekend. No listen , I mean, I feel like- CAROL and SUSAN: Great. That would be fine.

**Ross:** Really? I mean, I, I had a whole speach [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepared]].

**Susan:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shout]], that would have been fun.

**Ross:** Oh look, did, did you just see that? Did you see? He just [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|waved]], he just waved, he's never waved before, you've never waved before. Yes he has. Very good.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are there. Phoebe enters carrying video tapes.

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey Phoebs, [[Friends-词汇总表#whatcha\|whatcha]] got there?

**Phoebe:** Ok, Love Story, Brian's Song, and Terms of Endearment.

**Monica:** Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some [[Friends-词汇总表#guacamole\|guacamole]] and you've got yourself a part-ay.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I talked to my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] about the Old Yeller [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]], and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to [[Friends-词汇总表#shield\|shield]] us from the pain and [[Friends-词汇总表#sadness\|sadness]]. You know, before she killed [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]].


> [!scene] Chandler and Joey enter

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Monica:** Hey. Where is he, where's Richard? Did you [[Friends-词汇总表#ditch\|ditch]] him?

**Joey:** Yeah right after we stole his [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] money and gave him a [[Friends-词汇总表#wedgie\|wedgie]]. What's the matter with you, he's parking the car.

**Monica:** So'd you guys have fun?

**Chandler:** Your boyfriend is so cool.

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15.

**Rachel:** Wow, he must like you the best.

**Joey:** Oh, what about that thing he did when he [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tipped]] the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even saw the money, it was like this. [With money in his palm] Hey Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats [[[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shakes]] his had and passes the dollar].

**Chandler:** You're welcome. Hey Joey, thanks for parking the car [passes the dollar back].

**Joey:** No problem. Hey Chandler

**Chandler:** I think they get it.

**Joey:** Ok.


> [!scene] Richard enters

**Chandler:** There's the man.

**Joey:** He-he-eyy. [Shakes his had and passes the dollar]

**Richard:** Hey, you're gettin' better. I'm gonna keep this by the way.

**Joey:** Ok. He kept my dollar.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Carol and Susan are dropping off Ben.

**Monica:** So your first whole weekend without Ben, what're you guys gonna do?

**Carol:** Uh, we're going down to Colonial Williamsburg.

**Susan:** Yeah, a woman I went to college with just became the first female [[Friends-词汇总表#blacksmith\|blacksmith]] down there.

**Ross:** Well, ya know, they're a little behind the times in Colonial Williamsburg.

**Carol:** Think I better go before mommy starts [[Friends-词汇总表#weep\|weeping]].

**Ross:** Buy mommy. CAROL and SUSAN: We love you. Buy.

**Ross:** Have a good time. Ok, Ben.

**Monica:** Ross.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Look. [they look at Joey in the kitchen with a [[Friends-词汇总表#cigar\|cigar]] in his [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]], looking at his [[Friends-词汇总表#reflection\|reflection]] in a [[Friends-词汇总表#spatula\|spatula]]] Joey, do you know we can see you from here?

**Joey:** How come Richard looks so much [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] with one of these than me?

**Ross:** Well for [[Friends-词汇总表#starter\|starters]], you may want to light it and lose the [[Friends-词汇总表#spatula\|spatula]].

**Monica:** You know what, I think it's cute, you trying to be more like Richard.

**Joey:** Not like him, per-se, just not un-like him.


> [!scene] Chandler enters with his hair full of mousse and a cheesy moustache

**Ross:** Look it's the artist [[Friends-词汇总表#formerly\|formerly]] known as Chandler.

**Chandler:** Just tryin' somethin' here, ya know.

**Monica:** So Joey, why didn't you grow a [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]]?

**Joey:** Oh we [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flipped]] for it. I got the [[Friends-词汇总表#cigar\|cigar]], he got the [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]]. Figured if we both grew it, we'd look like [[Friends-词汇总表#dork\|dorks]].

**Ross:** Yeah, you really [[Friends-词汇总表#sidestep\|sidestepped]] that land mine.

**Chandler:** Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]].

**Monica:** You're meeting Richard?

**Joey:** Yeah, we're goin' to a Ranger game.

**Chandler:** Yeah, didn't he tell ya?

**Monica:** Well, he told me he was going out with the guys, I just didn't know that you were the guys.

**Chandler:** You hear that? We're the guys.

**Joey:** We're the guys.

**Monica:** With that [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]] doesn't Chandler [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] you of Aunt Sylvia?

**Ross:** Thank you.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is working. Ross enters with Ben.

**Ross:** Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.

**Rachel:** No luck huh?

**Ross:** Naa. A while ago I got a [[Friends-词汇总表#sah\|sah]] out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary [[Friends-词汇总表#caregiver\|caregiver]] but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah sure, Ok. [she takes Ben and holds him at [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]] length]

**Ross:** What're you doing?

**Rachel:** Uh, I'm holding Ben.

**Ross:** Yeah, well, he's a baby not a [[Friends-词汇总表#bomb\|bomb]].

**Rachel:** Ok.

**Ross:** Well just hold him like you'd hold a football.

**Rachel:** This is how I would hold a football.

**Ross:** Ok, here, here. There we go.

**Rachel:** Ok, I'm sorry, I'm just not very good with babies. I mean I haven't been around them, I mean, you know, since I was one.

**Ross:** It's alright, it's no big deal.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Ross:** Yeah, definitely, I'm sure you'll feel totally different when it's our baby.

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** You think about stuff like that?

**Ross:** Uhh, yeah. I mean, actually I kinda think that we'll have, we'll have two babies.

**Rachel:** Two, two babies?

**Ross:** Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too [[Friends-词汇总表#competitive\|competitive]].

**Rachel:** Then what's gonna happen?

**Ross:** Well, we won't wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.

**Rachel:** Uh-huh.

**Ross:** Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to see them all the time but close enough that they can come over and [[Friends-词汇总表#babysit\|babysit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] we want. And yes, I know, the taxes are a little higher than, let's say, Nassau county but the school system's [[Friends-词汇总表#supposedly\|supposedly]] great.

**Rachel:** Wow. Wow, that's great. Great. Ok, wow, you know what.

**Ross:** Huh?

**Rachel:** I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this [hands back Ben] and um, I am gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#pour\|pour]] these very nice people some coffee. Ok. Oh look at that, I don't have a [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]]. I don't have a pot. Well, hey, maybe I've got one at home, or in Scarsdale. Hey is that a door? [[[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Richard are there. Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Richard:** Hey Phoebs, what's happening?

**Phoebe:** Oh, ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]], cancer, [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] teams eating each other in the Andes.

**Monica:** So you watched the movies huh?

**Phoebe:** Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]], and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies.

**Richard:** Charlotte who?

**Phoebe:** With the web, the [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]] she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome home from the hospital, [[Friends-词汇总表#thud\|thud]].

**Monica:** Alright, you wanna feel better?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Ok, here, watch this.

**Phoebe:** It's a Wonderful Life. Yes I've heard of this.

**Monica:** So you can't lose, it's there in the title. Wonderfullness is [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|baked]] right in.

**Phoebe:** Please, I almost [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film about Yankee [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] and then, [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]], the guy gets Lou Gehrig's disease.

**Richard:** Uh, the guy was Lou Gehrig. Didn't you kinda see it coming?

**Phoebe:** Phoebe, just watch that, I promise it will resotre all your faith in [[Friends-词汇总表#humanity\|humanity]].

**Chandler:** [runs in] Hey, big guy, game time.

**Richard:** Hey, be right there.

**Monica:** There's a game?

**Chandler:** Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerves]] of steel.

**Richard:** It's the basketball [[Friends-词汇总表#playoff\|playoffs]].

**Monica:** Listen, um honey, I [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.

**Richard:** Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentences]] with, 'You know who just died [[Friends-词汇总表#shovel\|shoveling]] snow?'

**Monica:** Alright that's great, then just go. Go Knicks.

**Richard:** Uh, it's the college [[Friends-词汇总表#playoff\|playoffs]].

**Monica:** Oh, then go Vassar.

**Richard:** Uh, they're not in it.

**Monica:** Ok, then just go.

**Richard:** Ok. [[[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]

**Monica:** Oh, why does this [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.

**Phoebe:** Sure.

**Monica:** It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?

**Phoebe:** Does it matter? You're [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimately\|ultimately]] just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.

**Rachel:** [enters] Aghh.

**Phoebe:** Me too. [[[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]

**Monica:** I've got a question. Richard made plans again with the guys.

**Rachel:** Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century.

**Monica:** Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wax\|wax]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#leftover\|leftover]] Cristmas [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]].

**Ross:** [enters] Ok, what the hell happened back there?

**Rachel:** I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complaining]] about the taxes.

**Ross:** Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're [[Friends-词汇总表#assemble\|assembling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bones]], your mind [[Friends-词汇总表#wander\|wanders]].

**Rachel:** Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.

**Ross:** C'mon, what, you never think about our future?

**Rachel:** Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our [[Friends-词汇总表#childrens\|childrens]] names are gonna be.

**Ross:** No, no, I mean, ya know, I, I read a book and there was a girl named Emily and I thought, I thought that might be good.

**Rachel:** What was the book?

**Ross:** The big book of childrens' names.

**Rachel:** Ok, Ross, Ross, ok listen, what we have is amazing.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** But I do not want to have everything [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.

**Ross:** Ok fine.

**Rachel:** Thank you.

**Ross:** We're not done.

**Rachel:** I didn't know that.

**Ross:** Ok, then you're gonna have to understand that you're with a guy who's not gonna stop planning his future with you because he knows that we're gonna end up together and if that scares you, [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]], 'cause you're gonna have to deal with that.

**Rachel:** Fine, I will.

**Ross:** Good, 'cause I love you.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Well I love you too.

**Ross:** Well that's the first time we've said that.

**Rachel:** Yes it is.

**Ross:** Well, I'm gonna kiss you.

**Rachel:** Well you better.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica is in the kitchen, Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Hey. Oh thanks for the great movie [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]].

**Monica:** Did you like it?

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] when um George Bailey [[Friends-词汇总表#destroy\|destroyed]] the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean [[Friends-词汇总表#pharmacist\|pharmacist]] made his [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bleed\|bleed]].

**Monica:** Alright, I'll give you the [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?

**Phoebe:** I didn't watch the ending, I was too [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressed]]. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#sucky\|sucky]] life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler and Joey are playing Richard at foosball.

**Chandler:** Kick save and... [[Friends-词汇总表#deny\|denied]].

**Richard:** But... he gets it back, pass to the middle, lines it up and... BAM! Yes! Could that [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] BE any [[Friends-词汇总表#prettier\|prettier]]?

**Joey:** Man you are incredible.

**Richard:** Well, we had a table in college.

**Chandler:** Oh really, I didn't know they had [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] in the 1800's.

**Richard:** Nice [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]] by the way. When [[Friends-词汇总表#puberty\|puberty]] hits that thing's really gonna kick in.

**Monica:** [enters] Honey. Uh, not to sound too Florence Henderson but, dinner's on the table.

**Richard:** Ok, just one more point.

**Monica:** [grabs the other two bars on Richard's side and scores] Score! Now can we go?

**Chandler:** See, that's why we don't let her play.

**Richard:** Is everything all right?

**Monica:** Um-hmm.

**Richard:** Uh-oh.

**Chandler:** Oh hey listen, don't be mad at him, it's our [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. I'm sorry we've been [[Friends-词汇总表#hoggin\|hoggin]] so much of his time.

**Joey:** Yeah, he's just really great to hang around with.

**Richard:** Well.

**Joey:** No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] about this. He is so much [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] than our dads. [Chandler starts kicking him below the table] I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you [[Friends-词汇总表#kickin\|kickin]] me for? Huh? I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#tryin\|tryin]] to talk here.

**Richard:** Uh, you guys see me as a dad?

**Joey:** Oh yeah.

**Chandler:** No.

**Joey:** Nooooo.

**Chandler:** Your just, your just clearly not [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] with our young persons [[Friends-词汇总表#vernacular\|vernacular]]. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal.

**Richard:** Uh-huh, yeah.

**Chandler:** No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.

**Richard:** That's fine. Well, your other dad and I are gonna go have a [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] evening and I guess I'll just see you kids around.

**Monica:** Nighty-nite.

**Chandler:** You're not a dad. You're not a dad.

**Joey:** Not a dad.

**Chandler:** I can't believe you got us into [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]]. [[[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slaps]] Joey on the [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]]. Joey takes [[Friends-词汇总表#exception\|exception]] and slaps him back]

**Monica:** [her and Richard return to her place] So are you ok?

**Richard:** Yeah, just, I feel like I'm about a hundred. I thought I was just one of the guys.

**Monica:** Come here. I'll make you feel like one of the guys. You know for a really cool guy, you suck at [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]].

**Richard:** What're you talkin' about, I was killin' 'em.

**Monica:** Yeah, well they suck too.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment. Rachel is changing Ben's diaper under Ross's supervision.

**Ross:** Ok, and then you take the poopie [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] and you put it in the poopie diaper [[Friends-词汇总表#pail\|pail]].

**Rachel:** Ok Ross, just so you know, calling it a poopie [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] doesn't make this process any [[Friends-词汇总表#cuter\|cuter]].

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#doorbell\|doorbell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzzes]]] Hello.

**Carol:** It's us.

**Ross:** Come on up. I'm gonna get the rest of his stuff together. [walks in his room]

**Rachel:** Ok, we can do this now, can't we Ben? Yes we can, yes we can. [finishes the [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]]] There. I did it. I did it. Look at that, oh, stays on and everything. Hi.

**Ben:** Hi.

**Rachel:** I'm sorry, what did you just say? Did you just say hi? Oh my God, Ross, Ross, Ben just said 'Hi'.

**Ross:** Wha, what?

**Rachel:** Ben just said hi.

**Ross:** What, the word hi?

**Rachel:** Ye-, no, my Uncle Hi.

**Ross:** Great, great, and I miss that too, I miss everything.

**Rachel:** Oh, I'm sorry, I guess I just bring it out in him. CAROL and SUSAN: Hello.

**Rachel:** Guess what. Ben just said his first word.

**Carol:** What did he say?

**Ross:** Something about hi.

**Susan:** That's so exciting.

**Carol:** Mommy is so [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of you. Hi. Hi.

**Rachel:** You know, actually it's more like, hi.

**Carol:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Carol:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Carol:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Carol:** Hi.

**Susan:** Ok, this could go on for a while.

**Carol:** We've got a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] waiting [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]].

**Ross:** Well, this was fun. Uh, we should really do it again [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]], wha'dya say? Ok. Alright so I've got him.

**Carol:** Tuesday.

**Ross:** Tuesday right. Ok, bye you guys.

**Rachel:** Take care.

**Ross:** Bye Ben.

**Ben:** Bye.

**Rachel:** Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me.

**Susan:** Suddenly I'm seeing him go off to college.

**Carol:** We've gotta go, we've got that [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] waiting.

**Ross:** Alright, alright, ok. Bye.

**Ben:** Bye.

**Ross:** Bye.

**Ben:** Bye.

**Ross:** Bye.

**Ben:** Bye.

**Ross:** Bye.


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Phoebe is watching Bert and Ernie with Ben.

**Ernie:** Oh wow, look at this nice deep [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|digging]]. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.

**Phoebe:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pauses]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]]] Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie [[Friends-词汇总表#bury\|buries]] Bert in the [[Friends-词汇总表#sand\|sand]] and can't find him. Now, I've looked [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the [[Friends-词汇总表#alphabet\|alphabet]] but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go. [starts the tape again]

**Ernie:** Bert, Bert. Bert. Hey, what happened to my friend Bert? He was here just a moment ago. Oh no, my old friend Bert is lost.

**Phoebe:** Oh, I'm so glad you're here.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（46）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 14 | 281 | 110 | *Tuesday right. Ok, bye you guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 9 | 296 | 85 | *No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. [C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 3 | 92 | 56 | *Hey. Watcha guys doin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 3 | 308 | 105 | *He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 3 | 88 | 68 | *I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *That's fine. Well, your other dad and I are gonna go have a romantic evening and I guess I'll just s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Glad to be of help. Matches. [walks out to the balcony]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 2 | 86 | 66 | *Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, we know, he already did it last week.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *Your boyfriend is so cool.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 2 | 86 | 55 | *Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 2 | 101 | 74 | *Well for starters, you may want to light it and lose the spatula.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 2 | 55 | 50 | *It's a Wonderful Life. Yes I've heard of this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 2 | 73 | 55 | *But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 2 | 76 | 55 | *I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 2 | 83 | 61 | *Kick save and... denied.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. [C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *Why are you guys so upset? It's Old Yeller, it's a happy movie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *Well, how do you find clothes that fit?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Yeah right after we stole his lunch money and gave him a wedgie. What's the matter with you, he's pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *You know what, I think it's cute, you trying to be more like Richard.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *So Joey, why didn't you grow a moustache?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Yeah, you really sidestepped that land mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your mom* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *No luck huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Yeah, definitely, I'm sure you'll feel totally different when it's our baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Yeah, definitely, I'm sure you'll feel totally different when it's our baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're dif* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 5 | 38 | 14 | *No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an ext* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 5 | 79 | 28 | *Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|wave]] | /weiv/ | n. 波, 波浪, 波动, 起伏, 高潮, 潮涌, 挥手致意, (气压)突变 | n. one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid (especial | 4 | 18 | 13 | *Oh look, did, did you just see that? Did you see? He just waved, he just waved, he's never waved bef* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] | /'daiәpә/ | n. 尿布 | n. garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened a | 4 | 21 | 14 | *Ok, and then you take the poopie diaper and you put it in the poopie diaper pail.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 3 | 24 | 18 | *What're you talkin' about?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] | /gʌn/ | n. 枪 | n. a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal  | 2 | 22 | 16 | *What, what's about to happen? [starts watching] I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 2 | 30 | 18 | *No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an ext* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 2 | 56 | 47 | *Ok, this could be tough.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shake]] | /ʃeik/ | n. 摇动, 震动 | v. move or cause to move back and forth | 2 | 29 | 21 | *Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tryin\|tryin]] |  | vi. 设法；试着 |  | 2 | 13 | 11 | *Just tryin' somethin' here, ya know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 2 | 37 | 29 | *Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 2 | 56 | 32 | *Yeah, we're goin' to a Ranger game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]] | /pɒt/ | n. 盆, 罐, 壶, 坩埚, 奖杯 | n. metal or earthenware cooking vessel that is usually round and deep; often has | 2 | 21 | 13 | *I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this [hands back Ben] and um, I am gonna go pour these * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] | /iә/ | n. 耳朵, 倾听, 听觉, 穗 | n. the sense organ for hearing and equilibrium | 2 | 37 | 28 | *Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] | /'fuzbɔl/ | n. 桌上足球 |  | 2 | 14 | 11 | *Oh really, I didn't know they had foosball in the 1800's.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] | /slæp/ | n. 掴, 掌击, 侮辱, 拍击声 | n. a blow from a flat object (as an open hand) | 2 | 14 | 10 | *I can't believe you got us into trouble. [slaps Joey on the arm. Joey takes exception and slaps him * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 2 | 70 | 38 | *We've got a cab waiting downstairs.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 2 | 33 | 24 | *Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 26 | 15 | *Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *Alright, I've got a leg, three breasts and a wing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|wing]] | /wiŋ/ | n. 翅膀, 翼, 机翼, 派别 | n. a movable organ for flying (one of a pair) | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Alright, I've got a leg, three breasts and a wing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] | /dʒim/ | n. +体育馆, 体育训练, 体育课, 体操 | n athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training | 1 | 33 | 23 | *Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] | /breθ/ | n. 呼吸, 气息, 瞬间 | n. the process of taking in and expelling air during breathing | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the pok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the pok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the pok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]] | /'bælkәni/ | n. 阳台, 戏院楼厅 | n. an upper floor projecting from the rear over the main floor in an auditorium | 1 | 22 | 11 | *Glad to be of help. Matches. [walks out to the balcony]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *C'mon. Keeps his fingers to himself and he's always minty fresh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#younger\|younger]] | /'jʌŋgә/ | n. 年纪较小者 | s. used of the younger of two persons of the same name especially used to distin | 1 | 16 | 14 | *I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to ride in the cool car?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *[smells Ben's butt] No no, you're fine, you're fine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Ooh, I, I'm so sick of missing stuff. Ya know, I want him for more than, than a day, I want him for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shout]] | /ʃaut/ | n. 呼喊, 喊声 | v. utter in a loud voice; talk in a loud voice (usually denoting characteristic  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh shout, that would have been fun.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]] | /'insidәnt/ | n. 事件, 事变, 小事 | n. a single distinct event | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 1 | 27 | 23 | *Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Yeah right after we stole his lunch money and gave him a wedgie. What's the matter with you, he's pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Hey, you're gettin' better. I'm gonna keep this by the way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *Look. [they look at Joey in the kitchen with a cigar in his mouth, looking at his reflection in a sp* |
| somethin |  | [网络] 事端；情书 |  | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Just tryin' somethin' here, ya know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Oh we flipped for it. I got the cigar, he got the moustache. Figured if we both grew it, we'd look l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *With that moustache doesn't Chandler remind you of Aunt Sylvia?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 60 | 37 | *With that moustache doesn't Chandler remind you of Aunt Sylvia?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *Oh, yeah sure, Ok. [she takes Ben and holds him at arms length]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hopefully\|hopefully]] | /'hәjpfjli/ | adv. 有希望地, 如果希望能实现的话 | r. with hope; in a hopeful manner | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too compe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *Well, we won't wanna raise kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] | /beik/ | vt. 烘焙, 烤 | v. cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven | 1 | 21 | 18 | *So you can't lose, it's there in the title. Wonderfullness is baked right in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're dif* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boy* |

### 低频词（82）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| bert | /b\\:t/ | n. 伯特（男子名, 等于Burt） |  | 7 | 16 | 3 | *Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yeller\|yeller]] |  | n. yell的变形 | n someone who communicates vocally in a very loud voice | 5 | 6 | 2 | *Monica's making us watch Old Yeller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]] | /'mʌstæʃ/ | n. 髭, 小胡子, 触须 | n an unshaved growth of hair on the upper lip | 4 | 16 | 7 | *So Joey, why didn't you grow a moustache?* |
| scarsdale |  | n. (Scarsdale)人名；(英)斯卡斯代尔 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Well, we won't wanna raise kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#childrens\|childrens]] | /'tʃɪldrən/ | n. 孩子们（child的复数） |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're g* |
| poopie |  | [网络] 小便 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Ok, and then you take the poopie diaper and you put it in the poopie diaper pail.* |
| watcha |  | [网络] 看守 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey. Watcha guys doin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabies\|rabies]] | /'reibi:z/ | n. 狂犬病 | n. an acute viral disease of the nervous system of warm-blooded animals (usually | 2 | 2 | 1 | *What about the part where he has rabies?* |
| travis | /'trævis/ | n. 崔维斯合唱团；特拉维斯（男子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *What, what's about to happen? [starts watching] I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watch* |
| eric | /'erik/ | abbr. 科教资源信息中心（Educational Resources Information Center）；电子遥 | n. A recompense formerly given by a murderer to the relatives of | 2 | 14 | 7 | *Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the pok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poke]] | /pәuk/ | n. 刺, 戳, 袋子 | n. tall coarse perennial American herb having small white flowers followed by bl | 2 | 10 | 7 | *Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the pok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jaguar\|jaguar]] | /'dʒægjuә/ | n. 美洲虎 | n. a large spotted feline of tropical America similar to the leopard; in some cl | 2 | 2 | 1 | *[Monica walks back in the kitchen] Ok ok ok ok. Monica, we'll bring him, but only if he takes the Ja* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colonial\|colonial]] | /kә'lәunjәl/ | a. 殖民的, 殖民地的 | n. a resident of a colony | 2 | 7 | 3 | *Uh, we're going down to Colonial Williamsburg.* |
| williamsburg | /'wiljәmzb\\:^/ | n. 威廉斯堡（美国弗吉尼亚州东南部城市） |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Uh, we're going down to Colonial Williamsburg.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigar\|cigar]] | /si'gɑ:/ | n. 雪茄 | n. a roll of tobacco for smoking | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Look. [they look at Joey in the kitchen with a cigar in his mouth, looking at his reflection in a sp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spatula\|spatula]] | /'spætʃәlә/ | n. 刮刀, 压舌片, 匙突 | n. a turner with a narrow flexible blade | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Look. [they look at Joey in the kitchen with a cigar in his mouth, looking at his reflection in a sp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] | /'ku:lә/ | n. 冷却器 | n. a refrigerator for cooling liquids | 2 | 12 | 9 | *How come Richard looks so much cooler with one of these than me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charlotte\|charlotte]] | /'ʃɑ:lәt/ | n. 水果奶油布丁 | n. the largest city in North Carolina; located in south central North Carolina | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Cha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] | /praid/ | n. 骄傲, 自尊心, 自豪, 精华, 勇气 | n. a feeling of self-respect and personal worth | 2 | 11 | 9 | *Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film abou* |
| lou | /lu:/ | n. 卢（女子名, 等于Louise或Lu） |  | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gehrig\|gehrig]] |  | 格里克（人名） | n. baseball player who died of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (1903-1941) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#playoff\|playoff]] | /'pleiɔ:f/ | n. 双方得分相等时的最后决赛；复赛；季后赛 | n. any final competition to determine a championship | 2 | 2 | 1 | *It's the basketball playoffs.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frontier\|frontier]] | /'frʌntjә/ | n. 边界, 边境 | n. a wilderness at the edge of a settled area of a country | 1 | 1 | 1 | *C'mon, happy family gets a dog, frontier fun.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wolf\|wolf]] | /wulf/ | n. 狼, 残忍贪婪之人, 极度穷困 | n. any of various predatory carnivorous canine mammals of North America and Eura | 1 | 4 | 3 | *What when Yeller saves saves the family from the wolf and everyone's happy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gunshot\|gunshot]] | /'gʌnʃɒt/ | n. 枪弹, (枪炮)射击, 炮击, 射程 | n the act of shooting a gun | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What, what's about to happen? [starts watching] I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leftover\|leftover]] | /'leftәuvә/ | n. 剩货, 残留物, 剩饭 | n. a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] | /'rʌbә/ | n. 橡皮, 橡胶, 做摩擦动作的人, 按摩师, 决胜盘 | n. an elastic material obtained from the latex sap of trees (especially trees of | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glove\|glove]] | /glʌv/ | n. 手套 | n. handwear: covers the hand and wrist | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken* |
| prower |  | [网络] 摄氏度；主题；电机功率 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the pok* |
| dan | /dæn/ | n. 段(柔道、围棋运动员的等级) | n. A title of honor equivalent to master, or sir. | 1 | 11 | 5 | *Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the pok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spike\|spike]] | /spaik/ | n. 长钉, 鞋钉, 钉状物, 尖峰状物, 穗 | n. a transient variation in voltage or current | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the pok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bruise\|bruise]] | /bru:z/ | n. 青肿, 挫伤, 擦伤 | n. an injury that doesn't break the skin but results in some discoloration | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minty\|minty]] | /'minti/ | a. 有薄荷香的, 有薄荷味的 | a. relating to or suggestive of mint | 1 | 1 | 1 | *C'mon. Keeps his fingers to himself and he's always minty fresh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glare\|glare]] | /glєә/ | n. 闪耀光, 刺眼 | n. a light within the field of vision that is brighter than the brightness to wh | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jag\|jag]] | /dʒæg/ | n. 缺口, 突出端, 小伙子 | n. a sharp projection on an edge or surface | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he migh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crawl\|crawl]] | /krɒ:l/ | n. 爬行, 匍匐而行, 养鱼池 | n. a very slow movement | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he* |
| liquour |  | [网络] 液体 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]] | /'mɑ:mә/ | n. 妈妈 | n. a name under which Ninkhursag was worshipped | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yuman\|yuman]] | /'ju:mәn/ | n. 尤马语系 | n a group of language of the Hokan family in Arizona and California and Mexico | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said y* |
| speach |  | [网络] 死弊取；宣述 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Really? I mean, I, I had a whole speach prepared.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatcha\|whatcha]] | /'hwɔttʃə; 'hwʌ-/ | = what do you；=what have you |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Hey Phoebs, whatcha got there?* |
| brian | /'braiәn/ | n. 布莱恩（男子名） |  | 1 | 14 | 5 | *Ok, Love Story, Brian's Song, and Terms of Endearment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#endearment\|endearment]] | /in'diәmәnt/ | n. 亲爱, 钟爱 | n. the act of showing affection | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, Love Story, Brian's Song, and Terms of Endearment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guacamole\|guacamole]] | /ˌgwækəˈməʊleɪ/ | n. 鳄梨酱； 鳄梨色拉 | n. a dip made of mashed avocado mixed with chopped onions and other seasonings | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shield\|shield]] | /'ʃi:ld/ | n. 盾, 防卫物, 保护者, 屏蔽 | n. a protective covering or structure | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sadness\|sadness]] | /'sædnis/ | n. 悲哀, 悲伤 | n. emotions experienced when not in a state of well-being | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ditch\|ditch]] | /ditʃ/ | n. 沟渠 | n. a long narrow excavation in the earth | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Hey. Where is he, where's Richard? Did you ditch him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wedgie\|wedgie]] | /'wedʒi/ | n. 楔形后跟的女鞋 | n. a shoe with a wedge heel | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Yeah right after we stole his lunch money and gave him a wedgie. What's the matter with you, he's pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blacksmith\|blacksmith]] | /'blæksmiθ/ | n. 铁匠 | n. a smith who forges and shapes iron with a hammer and anvil | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, a woman I went to college with just became the first female blacksmith down there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weep\|weep]] | /wi:p/ | n. 哭, 哭泣 | v shed tears because of sadness, rage, or pain | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Think I better go before mommy starts weeping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reflection\|reflection]] | /ri'flekʃәn/ | n. 反映, 沉思, 映像, 想法, 责难 | n. the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Look. [they look at Joey in the kitchen with a cigar in his mouth, looking at his reflection in a sp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#starter\|starter]] | /'stɑ:tә/ | n. 开端者, 在起跑线上的人, 参加赛跑的人, 调度员, 起动机, 酵母 | n. an electric motor for starting an engine | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well for starters, you may want to light it and lose the spatula.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#formerly\|formerly]] | /'fɒ:mәli/ | adv. 从前, 以前 | r at a previous time; | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Look it's the artist formerly known as Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dork\|dork]] | /dɔ:k/ | n. <俚>笨蛋 | n a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh we flipped for it. I got the cigar, he got the moustache. Figured if we both grew it, we'd look l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sidestep\|sidestep]] | /'saidstep/ | n. 横跨的一步, 台阶 | n. a step to one side (as in boxing or dancing) | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Yeah, you really sidestepped that land mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ranger\|ranger]] | /'reinʒә/ | n. 王室守林人, 骑警, 漫游者 | n a member of the Texas state highway patrol; formerly a mounted lawman who main | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Yeah, we're goin' to a Ranger game.* |
| sylvia |  | n. 西尔维亚（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *With that moustache doesn't Chandler remind you of Aunt Sylvia?* |
| naa |  | 全国航空协会(美国) |  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary careg* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sah\|sah]] | /'sɑ:/ | [医][=s-adenosyl-l-homocysteine]s-腺苷-l-高半胱氨酸 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary careg* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caregiver\|caregiver]] | /ˈkeəgɪvə(r)/ | n. 照料者, 护理者 | n. a person who is responsible for attending to the needs of a child or dependen | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary careg* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bomb\|bomb]] | /bɒm/ | n. 炸弹 | n. an explosive device fused to explode under specific conditions | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Yeah, well, he's a baby not a bomb.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#competitive\|competitive]] | /kәm'petitiv/ | a. 竞争的 | a. involving competition or competitiveness | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too compe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babysit\|babysit]] |  | vi. (代人临时)照看婴孩 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nassau\|nassau]] | /'næsɔ:/ | n. 拿索（巴哈马群岛之首都） | n. the capital of the Bahamas | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supposedly\|supposedly]] | /sә'pәuzidli/ | adv. 想象上, 看上去像, 被认为是, 恐怕, 按照推测 | r believed or reputed to be the case | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pour\|pour]] | /pɒ:/ | n. 流出, 倾泻, 骤雨 | v. cause to run | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this [hands back Ben] and um, I am gonna go pour these * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]] | /'mә:dә/ | n. 谋杀 | n. unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh, ok, murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] | /'sɒkә/ | n. 英式足球 | n. a football game in which two teams of 11 players try to kick or head a ball i | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh, ok, murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#andes\|andes]] | /'ændi:z/ | n. 安第斯山脉 | n. a mountain range in South America running 5000 miles along the Pacific coast | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, ok, murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rocky\|rocky]] | /'rɒki/ | a. 岩石的, 多石的, 像岩石的, 无情的, 摇动的, 摇晃的 | s. abounding in rocks or stones | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Cha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]] | /'spaidә/ | n. 蜘蛛, 设圈套者 | n. predatory arachnid with eight legs, two poison fangs, two feelers, and usuall | 1 | 12 | 8 | *With the web, the spider she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thud\|thud]] | /θʌd/ | n. 砰的一声, 重击 | v. make a dull sound | 1 | 1 | 1 | *With the web, the spider she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yankee\|yankee]] | /'jæŋki/ | n. (美国的)新英格兰人, (美国)北方诸州的人, 美国佬 | n. an American who lives in the North (especially during the American Civil War) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]] | /bu:m/ | n. 繁荣, 隆隆声 | n. a deep prolonged loud noise | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humanity\|humanity]] | /hju:'mæniti/ | n. 人性, 人类, 博爱 | n. the quality of being humane | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Phoebe, just watch that, I promise it will resotre all your faith in humanity.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] | /nә:v/ | n. 精神, 勇气, 叶脉, 神经 | n. any bundle of nerve fibers running to various organs and tissues of the body | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shovel\|shovel]] | /'ʃʌvl/ | n. 铲, 铁铲 | n. a hand tool for lifting loose material; consists of a curved container or sco | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're dif* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vassar\|vassar]] |  | 瓦萨（人名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, then go Vassar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimately\|ultimately]] | /'ʌltimәtli/ | adv. 最后, 最终 | r. as the end result of a succession or process | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.* |
| cosmo | /'kɔzmәj/ | n. 科兹摩（男子名）；（美）[俚]都市性 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] | /bi'ki:ni/ | n. 大爆炸, 比基尼泳装 | n. an atoll in the Marshall Islands; formerly used by the United States as a sit | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wax\|wax]] | /wæks/ | n. 蜡, 蜡状物, 一阵发怒, 增加, (月亮)渐盈 | n. any of various substances of either mineral origin or plant or animal origin; | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in the* |
