---
season: 2
episode: "08"
title: "The One With the Last"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E08 — The One With the Last

Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel are there, discussing the night before.

**Rach:** Ross kissed me.

**Mnca:** Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!

**Rach:** It was [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]!

**Mnca:** Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!

**Phoe:** Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and [[Friends-词汇总表#unplug\|unplug]] the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissues]]?

**Rach:** Oh, it ended very well.

**Phoe:** Oh.

**Mnca:** [getting the wine] Do not start without me. Do not start without me.

**Phoe:** Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] against your [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]]? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?

**Rach:** Well, at first it was really [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]], you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sunk]] into it.

**Phoe:** Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?

**Rach:** No, actually first they started on my [[Friends-词汇总表#waist\|waist]]. And then, they [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slid]] up, and then, they were in my hair. PHOE/MNCA: Ohhhh.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross' apartment. Ross, Chandler, and Joey are there eating pizza.

**Ross:** And, uh, and then I kissed her.

**Joey:** Tongue?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Cool.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Joey, Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler are there; Chandler is showing everyone his new computer.

**Chan:** All right, check out this bad boy. 12 [[Friends-词汇总表#megabyte\|megabytes]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#ram\|ram]]. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in [[Friends-词汇总表#spreadsheet\|spreadsheet]] [[Friends-词汇总表#capability\|capabilities]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#modem\|modem]] that [[Friends-词汇总表#transmit\|transmits]] at over 28,000 b.p.s.

**Phoe:** Wow. What are you gonna use it for?

**Chan:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#doggedly\|doggedly]]] Games and stuff.

**Mnca:** [reading the paper] There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.

**Joey:** [reading over her [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]]] Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] naked?

**Mnca:** There's an ad for a naked [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]]?

**Joey:** No, but if you're willing to [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then... [[[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rubs]] his [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]] together]


> [!scene] Ross enters, distraught.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Phoe:** Hey, oh, so, um...how'd you make out last night?

**Ross:** That, that is funny. That is [[Friends-词汇总表#painfully\|painfully]] funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just [[Friends-词汇总表#painful\|painful]]

**Mnca:** Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.

**Ross:** Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's [[Friends-词汇总表#saline\|saline]] solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?

**Joey:** You got all that from [[Friends-词汇总表#saline\|saline]] solution?

**Mnca:** We are talking about Rachel here. You and Rachel.

**Ross:** Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... [Rachel enters, carrying a [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]]]... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.

**Rach:** [to Ross] Hey, you.

**Ross:** How are you?

**Rach:** Good. How are you?

**Ross:** Good.


> [!scene] Julie enters.

**Julie:** Hi, honey.

**Ross:** Hi, Julie. [[[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]] Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?

**Julie:** Good.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]]] Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?

**Phoe:** Oh, well, actually.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#impatient\|impatient]]] Play it.

**Phoe:** Ok, all right.

**Joey:** Hey, Julie, I didn't know you wore [[Friends-词汇总表#lens\|lenses]].

**Julie:** What?

**Ross:** [to Joey] Ssshh.

**Phoe:** Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love [[Friends-词汇总表#triangle\|triangle]] between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".


> [!scene] Ross and Rachel look at each other and then at Phoebe, realizing the song is about their situation.

**Phoe:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't [[Friends-词汇总表#stress\|stress]] this point too [[Friends-词汇总表#strongly\|strongly]], this story isn't real. Now our Neil must [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]], who will be the girl that he casts [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]]. Will Betty be the one who he loves [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]]? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!


> [!scene] Scene: Mr. Ratstatter's (RTST) office. Monica is there about a job.

**Rtst:** This is a nice [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]]. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.

**Mnca:** So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job [[Friends-词汇总表#entail\|entail]]? The ad wasn't too clear.

**Rtst:** Mockolate.

**Mnca:** I'm sorry?

**Rtst:** Mockolate. It's a completely [[Friends-词汇总表#synthetic\|synthetic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#substitute\|substitute]].

**Mnca:** Ohh.


> [!scene] He pulls out a piece of Mockolate.

**Rtst:** Go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]. Try a piece. Yeah, we think that Mockolate is even better than [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]].

**Mnca:** All right. Mmm-mmm.


> [!scene] She tastes it, and obviously hates it.

**Rtst:** Yeah?

**Mnca:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgusted]], trying not to show it] I love how it [[Friends-词汇总表#crumble\|crumbles]]. Now see, your [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] doesn't do that.

**Rtst:** No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, [[Friends-词汇总表#hopefully\|hopefully]], in time for Thanksgiving. See, the way we look at it, [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] already [[Friends-词汇总表#dominate\|dominates]] most of your major food-[[Friends-词汇总表#preparation\|preparation]] holidays: Easter, Christmas, what have you.

**Mnca:** [still [[Friends-词汇总表#chew\|chewing]]] Mmm-mmm.

**Rtst:** But, we're thinking, given the right marketing, we can make Thanksgiving the Mockolate holiday.

**Mnca:** Wow.

**Rtst:** Aren't you going to [[Friends-词汇总表#swallow\|swallow]] that?

**Mnca:** Just waiting for it to stop [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubbling]].

**Rtst:** Yeah, isn't that great?

**Mnca:** [with false [[Friends-词汇总表#enthusiasm\|enthusiasm]]] Mmm.

**Rtst:** Well, anyhoo, um, we are looking for a couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chefs]] who can create some Thanksgiving-themed [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipes]]. You think you might be interested?

**Mnca:** Abso...[[[Friends-词汇总表#swallow\|swallows]] hard]...lutely. See, I love creating new [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipes]]. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate.

**Rtst:** Really?

**Mnca:** Especially the after [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]], you know, I'll tell ya, that'll last ya [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] Christmas.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Phoebe are there. Monica is suggesting Mockolate recipes to Phoebe.

**Mnca:** How about Mockolate [[Friends-词汇总表#mousse\|mousse]]?

**Phoe:** It's not, it's not very Thanksgiving-y.

**Mnca:** Ok, how about [[Friends-词汇总表#pilgrim\|pilgrim]] Mockolate [[Friends-词汇总表#mousse\|mousse]]?

**Phoe:** What makes it [[Friends-词汇总表#pilgrim\|pilgrim]]?

**Mnca:** We'll put [[Friends-词汇总表#buckle\|buckles]] on it.


> [!scene] Rachel enters.

**Rach:** Hey.

**Phoe:** Hey.

**Mnca:** Hey.

**Rach:** Did uh, Ross call?

**Mnca:** No, I'm sorry.

**Rach:** Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] up stuff together."

**Phoe:** No [[Friends-词汇总表#offense\|offense]], but that sounds nothing like her.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Ross is up in arms about the Rachel/Julie situation.

**Ross:** I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]].

**Chan:** Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both [[Friends-词汇总表#gorgeous\|gorgeous]] and sexy. My wallet's too small for my [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifties]], and my diamond [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] are too [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]].

**Joey:** Hey, here's a thought, Ross. [reaches for the computer]

**Chan:** Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.

**Joey:** Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome.


> [!scene] Ross gives him an insulted look.

**Chan:** Ok, all right, look. Let's get [[Friends-词汇总表#logical\|logical]] about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and [[Friends-词汇总表#con\|cons]]. Oh. We'll put their names in [[Friends-词汇总表#bold\|bold]], with different [[Friends-词汇总表#font\|fonts]], and I can use different colors for each column.

**Ross:** Can't we just use a [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]]?

**Chan:** No, Amish boy.

**Joey:** Ok, let's start with the [[Friends-词汇总表#con\|cons]], 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.

**Ross:** I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoiled]] sometimes.

**Joey:** You could say that.

**Ross:** And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#ditzy\|ditzy]], you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologists]], but Rachel's just a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]].

**Chan:** Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?

**Ross:** I don't know.

**Joey:** Oh, her [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankles]] are a little [[Friends-词汇总表#chubby\|chubby]].

**Chan:** Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?

**Ross:** [long [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]]] She's not Rachel.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica has made food for Phoebe and Rachel to taste.

**Mnca:** Ok, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] with mockolate [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crumb\|crumb]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crust\|crust]]. This is mockolate [[Friends-词汇总表#cranberry\|cranberry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]], and these are mockolate [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chip]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]]. Just like the Indians served.


> [!scene] Rachel takes a bite.

**Rach:** Oh my god.

**Mnca:** Oh my god good?

**Rach:** Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]].


> [!scene] Rachel runs to the sink to spit it out.

**Phoe:** Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] must [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] like!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is on the phone with a computer hotline.

**Chan:** I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?


> [!scene] Ross enters with a melancholy look.

**Joey:** [to Ross] Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?

**Ross:** Yes, it was [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.

**Chan:** [in phone] So, Spock actually [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hugs]] his father?


> [!scene] Rachel enters.

**Rach:** Hey, do you guys have...[sees Ross, [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pauses]]]...hi.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rach:** [sees his [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] on] Where you goin'?

**Ross:** I uh, I just got back from uh, from Julie's.

**Rach:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#deject\|dejected]]] Oh.

**Ross:** No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.

**Rach:** Well, what's the other thing, what do I think?


> [!scene] Joey is looking at Rachel, smiling, and gesturing his head towards Ross.

**Ross:** Well, uh.

**Joey:** He broke up with Julie. Well, go [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] her, for god's [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sakes]].

**Rach:** Really?

**Ross:** Really. It's always been you, Rach.


> [!scene] Ross and Rachel hug.

**Rach:** Oh, god. JOEY/CHAN: Ohhh.

**Rach:** Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good.

**Ross:** I know, I know, it's, it's almost...[turns around, sees Chandler and Joey] What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?

**Rach:** Let me get my [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]].

**Ross:** Ok. No, hey, whoa, whoa, I'll get your [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]].


> [!scene] Ross leaves.

**Rach:** Ok, he's goin' to get my [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]]. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]. [notices Chandler's computer screen] What's that?

**Chan:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]] What? Nothing.


> [!scene] Chandler closes up the laptop computer screen.

**Rach:** What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it?

**Chan:** No, no, see? See? [the printer starts to run] Hey, it's printing. [to Joey, [[Friends-词汇总表#rattle\|rattled]]] Hey, it's printing!


> [!scene] Chandler rips off the sheet of paper from the printer.

**Rach:** Well what is it? Let me see.


> [!scene] Ross walks back in, Rachel's coat in hand.

**Ross:** Hey, someone order a [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]]?

**Rach:** Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.

**Ross:** He won't? [remembers what it is] He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?

**Chan:** Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.

**Rach:** And I'm in it? Then let me read it. CHAN, JOEY, ROSS: No!

**Rach:** Come on.

**Joey:** Hey, uh, why don't you read it to her?


> [!scene] Ross and Chandler stare angrily at Joey, who thinks he has come up with a good idea.

**Chan:** [through [[Friends-词汇总表#grit\|gritted]] [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]]] Alright. [clears his [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]]] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gray\|gray]] [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]. The end."

**Ross:** That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writer]] in the whole world.

**Rach:** All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.

**Ross:** No, you don't.

**Rach:** All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it. [Rachel grabs the paper and runs across the room, reading it to [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]].]

**Rach:** What is this? Ross, what is this?

**Chan:** Good luck.


> [!scene] Chandler and Joey leave quickly.

**Ross:** Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?

**Rach:** Kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#ditzy\|ditzy]]? Too into her looks? Spoiled?

**Ross:** Now that's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoiled]]. He was supposed to type "little", the [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]].

**Rach:** Just a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]]?

**Ross:** No, that, that was, I mean, as [[Friends-词汇总表#oppose\|opposed]] to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?

**Rach:** Oh! I do not have [[Friends-词汇总表#chubby\|chubby]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankles]]!


> [!scene] Rachel leaves, and Ross follows her into the hall.

**Ross:** No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.

**Rach:** She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]].


> [!scene] She goes into her apartment and slams the door.

**Ross:** No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Phoebe are there.

**Chan:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#diary\|diary]]! My diary, that's [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]]. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary.

**Mnca:** You know, that's true. You'd be a great person to have around the day after an emergency.

**Phoe:** I... I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus.

**Joey:** Hey, cut him some [[Friends-词汇总表#slack\|slack]]. It was Chandler's idea.

**Phoe:** What?

**Mnca:** What?

**Chan:** Oh good, I was hoping that would come up.

**Mnca:** This was your idea?

**Phoe:** What were you thinking?

**Chan:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#squirm\|squirming]]] All right, let's get some [[Friends-词汇总表#perspective\|perspective]] here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.

**Mnca:** Yeah. You!

**Chan:** All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that [[Friends-词汇总表#karma\|karma]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]], don't you?

**Phoe:** Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a [[Friends-词汇总表#dung\|dung]] [[Friends-词汇总表#beetle\|beetle]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is sitting on the couch, eating candy. It is raining out. Ross climbs up the fire escape and is knocking on the window.

**Ross:** Rach! Whoops! Rach, hey, open up, please!

**Rach:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#coldly\|coldly]]] When somebody does not [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzz]] you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] up the fire [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]].

**Ross:** I just wanna read something. It's your pro list.

**Rach:** Not interested.


> [!scene] Rachel closes the drapes over the window, goes into her bedroom and closes the door.

**Ross:** [reading his list] Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love your friends. Number three: the way you play with your hair when you're [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]. Number four: how [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]] you are for starting your life over. Number five: how great you are with Ben.


> [!scene] Monica, Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe enter, confused.

**Ross:** Number six: the way you smell.

**Joey:** [opens the [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]]] Hey, Ross! What are you doin'?

**Ross:** Hey, Joey. You wanna open the window?

**Joey:** Oh, yeah, I do.


> [!scene] He opens the window, Ross comes in, soaked.

**Chan:** What are you doing out there?

**Ross:** I am, uh, I am...

**Mnca:** Oh, you must be [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freezing]]. You know what you need? How about a nice [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steaming]] cup of hot Mockolate?


> [!scene] Ross runs to Rachel's bedroom, knocking on the door.

**Ross:** Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance.


> [!scene] Rachel opens the door.

**Rach:** No.

**Ross:** No?

**Rach:** That's what I said.

**Chan:** Look, maybe we should go?

**Rach:** No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.

**Ross:** Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.

**Rach:** [near [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tears]]] No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.

**Ross:** No, but, but I wanna be with you in [[Friends-词汇总表#spite\|spite]] of all those things.

**Rach:** Oh, well, that's, that's [[Friends-词汇总表#mighty\|mighty]] big of you, Ross. [to the others] I said don't go!

**Ross:** You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.

**Rach:** Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.


> [!scene] She closes the door in his face. Ross walks sullenly back to the couch and sits down. A moment of silence ensues.

**Joey:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#quietly\|quietly]]] I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? [Ross [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stares]] [[Friends-词汇总表#blankly\|blankly]] at him] Maybe a little longer.


> [!scene] Scene: Mr. Ratstatter's office. Monica is there.

**Mnca:** Now, in some of these [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipes]], the quantities may seem just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]], uh, like these [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] mockolate holiday [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] bars. I've [[Friends-词汇总表#indicate\|indicated]] four cups of coconut, and four cups of [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crushed]] nut, and only, uh, one [[Friends-词汇总表#tablespoon\|tablespoon]] of mockolate.

**Rtst:** Doesn't matter.

**Mnca:** What?

**Rtst:** Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]].

**Mnca:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], I'm sorry.

**Rtst:** Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. [hands it to her] Thank you for all the [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] you went through. Um, listen, you didn't eat a lot of it while you were [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooking]], did you?

**Mnca:** Well, uh, I ate some.

**Rtst:** Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] when you [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]], does it?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Rachel are there.

*(phone rings)*

**Mnca:** Hello?


> [!scene] Ross is at his apartment.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rach:** [to Monica] Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankles]] are weighin' me down.

**Mnca:** [to Ross] Listen, I... I don't think this is the best time.

**Ross:** Look, can, can you do something for me?

**Mnca:** Sure, what? Ok, ok. [hangs up the phone] [to Rachel] Music?


> [!scene] Monica turns on the radio.

**Radio:** The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's [[Friends-词汇总表#deeply\|deeply]] sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] him. *(With or Without You plays)*


> [!scene] Rachel seems touched. She pauses for a moment, then picks up the phone and starts to dial. Cut to Ross at his apartment.

**Radio:** Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#appal\|appalling]], and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we [[Friends-词汇总表#devote\|devote]] our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.


> [!scene] Scene: Mr. Ratstatter's office. Monica is there.

**Rtst:** Hi, thanks for coming in again.

**Mnca:** Oh, not at all. I have no [[Friends-词汇总表#moral\|morals]] and I need the cash.

**Rtst:** It's like I'm lookin' in a [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]]. Anyway, they're called "fishtachios". They [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] exactly like [[Friends-词汇总表#pistachio\|pistachios]], but they're made [[Friends-词汇总表#primarily\|primarily]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#reconstitute\|reconstituted]] fish bits. Here, try one. You're not [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]] to anything, are you?

**Mnca:** Cat hair.

**Rtst:** Oh, sorry.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（23）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 3 | 219 | 100 | *Ross kissed me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 3 | 101 | 68 | *Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 2 | 118 | 88 | *So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of pape* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 2 | 116 | 69 | *Good luck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *Now that's a little spoiled. He was supposed to type "little", the idiot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Hey, Julie, I didn't know you wore lenses.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going t* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Oh, god. JOEY/CHAN: Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Oh good, I was hoping that would come up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *[squirming] All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Number six: the way you smell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *[opens the drapes] Hey, Ross! What are you doin'?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. [hands it to her] Thank you for all the trouble you went thr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Sure, what? Ok, ok. [hangs up the phone] [to Rachel] Music?* |

### 常用词（76）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 6 | 53 | 31 | *[sees his coat on] Where you goin'?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 4 | 64 | 44 | *[singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] | /'tʃɒkәlit/ | n. 巧克力 | n. a food made from roasted ground cacao beans | 4 | 27 | 17 | *Mockolate. It's a completely synthetic chocolate substitute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 4 | 35 | 21 | *And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 3 | 55 | 42 | *Hi, Julie. [nervous] Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 3 | 98 | 17 | *No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 3 | 46 | 34 | *Especially the after taste, you know, I'll tell ya, that'll last ya till Christmas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]] | /spɒil/ | n. 战利品, 赃物, 奖品, 变质, 次品 | n. (usually plural) valuables taken by violence (especially in war) | 3 | 18 | 15 | *I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]] | /'æŋkl/ | n. 踝 | n. a gliding joint between the distal ends of the tibia and fibula and the proxi | 3 | 18 | 11 | *Oh, her ankles are a little chubby.* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 3 | 56 | 32 | *[sees his coat on] Where you goin'?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 2 | 56 | 47 | *It was unbelievable!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 2 | 48 | 39 | *[reading over her shoulder] Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 2 | 58 | 45 | *That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 2 | 42 | 30 | *Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] | /brʌʃ/ | n. 刷子, 毛笔, 争吵 | n. a dense growth of bushes | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] | /in'tens/ | a. 非常的, 强烈的, 紧张的, 热情的 | a. possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk int* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk int* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slide]] | /slaid/ | n. 滑, 滑道, 山崩, 雪崩, 幻灯片 | n. a small flat rectangular piece of glass on which specimens can be mounted for | 1 | 21 | 12 | *No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair.* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Tongue?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 1 | 15 | 11 | *[reading over her shoulder] Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 1 | 56 | 27 | *There's an ad for a naked chef?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then... [rubs* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then... [rubs* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#painful\|painful]] | /'peinful/ | a. 痛苦的, 困难的, 令人烦恼的 | a. causing physical or psychological pain | 1 | 12 | 12 | *That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *[uncomfortable] Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *[singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] | /ә'said/ | n. 小声说的话, 旁白 | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the  | 1 | 18 | 15 | *[singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]] | /ri'zju:m/ | vt. 重新开始, 取回, 恢复 | v. take up or begin anew | 1 | 12 | 10 | *This is a nice resume. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Go ahead. Try a piece. Yeah, we think that Mockolate is even better than chocolate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgust]] | /dis'gʌst/ | n. 厌恶, 嫌恶 | n. strong feelings of dislike | 1 | 16 | 13 | *[disgusted, trying not to show it] I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hopefully\|hopefully]] | /'hәjpfjli/ | adv. 有希望地, 如果希望能实现的话 | r. with hope; in a hopeful manner | 1 | 14 | 14 | *No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubble]] | /'bʌbl/ | n. 泡沫 | n. a hollow globule of gas (e.g., air or carbon dioxide) | 1 | 20 | 16 | *Just waiting for it to stop bubbling.* |
| mmm |  | [医] 毫微米 |  | 1 | 21 | 19 | *All right. Mmm-mmm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] | /til/ | prep. 直到, 在...以前, 迄 | n. unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay and grave | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Especially the after taste, you know, I'll tell ya, that'll last ya till Christmas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] | /dig/ | vt. 挖, 翻土, 发掘 | n. the site of an archeological exploration | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]] | /'naitmєә/ | n. 梦魇, 恶梦, 可怕的事物(或情景、人物) | n. a situation resembling a terrifying dream | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gorgeous\|gorgeous]] | /'gɒ:dʒәs/ | a. 华丽的, 灿烂的 | s. dazzlingly beautiful | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] | /'fifti/ | num. 五十, 五十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and five | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] | /pen/ | n. 钢笔, 笔, 笔调, 笔杆子, 作家, 围栏, 栅栏, 禽畜 | n. a writing implement with a point from which ink flows | 1 | 22 | 11 | *Can't we just use a pen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 古生物学者 | n. a specialist in paleontology | 1 | 18 | 14 | *And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]] | /pɒ:z/ | n. 暂停, 中止, 停顿, 间歇, 踌躇, 休止符 | n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something | 1 | 14 | 10 | *[long pause] She's not Rachel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] | /pai/ | n. 馅饼, 财富, 总额, 贪污受贿, 杂乱, 喜鹊 | n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top | 1 | 35 | 15 | *Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] | /'kuki/ | n. 饼干, 小甜点 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 1 | 67 | 29 | *Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 1 | 52 | 24 | *Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *[in phone] So, Spock actually hugs his father?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sake]] | /seik/ | n. 目的, 缘故, 理由 | n. a reason for wanting something done | 1 | 16 | 14 | *He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.* |
| chan |  | n. 通道（槽, 沟） |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh, god. JOEY/CHAN: Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1 | 24 | 17 | *[through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] | /θrәut/ | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音 | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 1 | 16 | 14 | *[through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *[through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *[through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 1 | 27 | 23 | *All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *Now that's a little spoiled. He was supposed to type "little", the idiot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n. the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 1 | 19 | 13 | *She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] | /'briljәnt/ | a. 光辉的, 灿烂的, 有才气的 | s. of surpassing excellence | 1 | 12 | 12 | *My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoop\|whoop]] | /hwu:p/ | n. 大叫, 呐喊, 一点点 | n. a loud hooting cry of exultation or excitement | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Rach! Whoops! Rach, hey, open up, please!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzz]] | /bʌz/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 流言 | n. sound of rapid vibration | 1 | 11 | 11 | *[coldly] When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please clim* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 1 | 25 | 18 | *[coldly] When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please clim* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] | /i'skeip/ | n. 逃亡, 避难设备, 逃跑 | n. the act of escaping physically | 1 | 13 | 10 | *[coldly] When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please clim* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freeze]] | /fri:z/ | vi. 冻结, 冷冻, 僵硬, 楞住 | n. the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *[near tears] No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *[near tears] No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Oh, gosh, I'm sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. [hands it to her] Thank you for all the trouble you went thr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?* |

### 低频词（84）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diary\|diary]] | /'daiәri/ | n. 日记 | n. a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observations | 4 | 6 | 3 | *My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have m* |
| anyhoo |  | [网络] 安美居 |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saline\|saline]] | /'seilain/ | a. 盐的, 苦涩的, 由碱金属(或含镁之盐类)组成的 | s. containing salt | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thi* |
| betty | /'beti/ | n. 贝蒂（女子名） | n. A short bar used by thieves to wrench doors open. | 2 | 9 | 3 | *[singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress * |
| neil |  | n. 尼尔（男子名） |  | 2 | 6 | 4 | *[singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mousse\|mousse]] | /mu:s/ | n. 奶油冻 | n. a rich, frothy, creamy dessert made with whipped egg whites and heavy cream | 2 | 7 | 5 | *How about Mockolate mousse?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pilgrim\|pilgrim]] | /'pilgrim/ | n. 旅行者, 朝圣者, 香客 | n. someone who journeys in foreign lands | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Ok, how about pilgrim Mockolate mousse?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#con\|con]] | /kɒn/ | vt. 精读, 仔细研究, 默记 | n. an argument opposed to a proposal | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ditzy\|ditzy]] | /ˈdɪtsi/ | a. <美><俚>没有头脑的, 愚蠢的 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chubby\|chubby]] | /'tʃʌbi/ | a. 圆胖的 | s. sufficiently fat so as to have a pleasing fullness of figure; | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Oh, her ankles are a little chubby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] | /'kәukәnәt/ | n. 椰子 | n. the edible white meat of a coconut; often shredded for use in e.g. cakes and  | 2 | 8 | 5 | *Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unplug\|unplug]] | /.ʌn'plʌg/ | vt. 拔开...的塞子, 拔去...的插头, 除掉...的障碍物 | v. pull the plug of (electrical appliances) and render inoperable | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waist\|waist]] | /weist/ | n. 腰部, 腰 | n. the narrowing of the body between the ribs and hips | 1 | 8 | 7 | *No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#megabyte\|megabyte]] | /'meɡәbait/ | n. [计]兆字节 | n. a unit of information equal to 1000 kilobytes or 10^6 (1,000,000) bytes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadshee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ram\|ram]] | /ræm/ | n. 公羊, 撞锤 | n. a tool for driving or forcing something by impact | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadshee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spreadsheet\|spreadsheet]] | /'spredʃi:t/ | n. 空白表格程序, 电子制表软件, 电子数据表 | n. a screen-oriented interactive program enabling a user to lay out financial da | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadshee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#capability\|capability]] | /.keipә'biliti/ | n. 能力, 性能, 约束力 | n. the quality of being capable -- physically or intellectually or legally | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadshee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#modem\|modem]] | /'mәudem/ | n. 调制解调器 | n. (from a combination of MOdulate and DEModulate) electronic equipment consisti | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadshee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#transmit\|transmit]] | /træns'mit/ | vt. 传输, 传染, 传达, 遗传, 发射, 传播 | v. send from one person or place to another | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadshee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doggedly\|doggedly]] |  | adv. 顽强地；固执地 | r. with obstinate determination | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[doggedly] Games and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#painfully\|painfully]] | /'peinfuli/ | adv. 痛苦地, 苦恼地, 费力地 | r. unpleasantly | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] | /trei/ | n. 托盘, 公文盘, 满盘, 发射箱 | n. an open receptacle for holding or displaying or serving articles or food | 1 | 17 | 9 | *Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impatient\|impatient]] | /im'peiʃәnt/ | a. 不耐烦的, 着急的, 急切的 | a. restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[impatient] Play it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lens\|lens]] | /lenz/ | n. 透镜, 镜头, 镜片, 晶状体 | n. a transparent optical device used to converge or diverge transmitted light an | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Hey, Julie, I didn't know you wore lenses.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#triangle\|triangle]] | /'traiæŋgl/ | n. 三角形, 三个一组, 三角关系 | n. a three-sided polygon | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stress\|stress]] | /stres/ | n. 压力, 紧迫, 强调, 重音, 重点, 应力 | n. the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard | 1 | 5 | 5 | *[singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strongly\|strongly]] | /'strɒŋli/ | adv. 强有力地, 坚强地, 激烈地 | r. with strength or in a strong manner | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] | /'tru:li/ | adv. 真实地, 不假 | r. in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 1 | 10 | 9 | *[singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muy\|muy]] |  | n. Y所带来的边际效用（经济学术语） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *This is a nice resume. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#entail\|entail]] | /in'teil/ | vt. 使成为必需, 需要, 使承担, 遗传给 | n. land received by fee tail | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#synthetic\|synthetic]] | /sin'θetik/ | n. 合成物质 | n. a compound made artificially by chemical reactions | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mockolate. It's a completely synthetic chocolate substitute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#substitute\|substitute]] | /'sʌbstitju:t/ | n. 代理, 代理人, 代用品, 代替者, 代替物 | n. a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Mockolate. It's a completely synthetic chocolate substitute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crumble\|crumble]] | /'krʌmbl/ | v. (使)粉碎, (使)成为碎屑, 瓦解, 崩溃, 败落 | v. fall apart | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[disgusted, trying not to show it] I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dominate\|dominate]] | /'dɒmineit/ | v. 支配, 占优势 | v. be in control | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easter\|easter]] | /'i:stә/ | n. 复活节 | n. a Christian celebration of the Resurrection of Christ; celebrated on the Sund | 1 | 4 | 3 | *No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chew\|chew]] | /tʃu:/ | vt. 咀嚼, 嚼碎 | n. a wad of something chewable as tobacco | 1 | 8 | 8 | *[still chewing] Mmm-mmm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swallow\|swallow]] | /'swɒlәu/ | n. 燕子, 吞咽, 喉 | n. a small amount of liquid food | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Aren't you going to swallow that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enthusiasm\|enthusiasm]] | /in'θju:ziæzәm/ | n. 巨大的热情, 热心 | n. a feeling of excitement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[with false enthusiasm] Mmm.* |
| abso |  | abbr. 异戊基苯并噻唑亚砜（Isoamyl Mbt Sulfoxide）；航空安全办公室处（Aviation Bra |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Abso...[swallows hard]...lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, n* |
| lutely |  | [网络] ute ly |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Abso...[swallows hard]...lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buckle\|buckle]] | /'bʌkl/ | n. 皮带扣, 扣子 | n. fastener that fastens together two ends of a belt or strap; often has loose p | 1 | 2 | 2 | *We'll put buckles on it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offense\|offense]] | /ә'fens/ | n. 犯罪, 伤感情, 攻击 | n. the team that has the ball (or puck) and is trying to score | 1 | 7 | 7 | *No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]] | /'wɒlit/ | n. 皮夹 | n. a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#threesome\|threesome]] | /'θri:sәm/ | n. 三人一组, 三人的竞赛 | n the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#logical\|logical]] | /'lɒdʒikәl/ | a. 合乎逻辑的, 合理的 | a. capable of or reflecting the capability for correct and valid reasoning | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bold\|bold]] | /bәuld/ | a. 大胆的 | a. fearless and daring | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#font\|font]] | /fɒnt/ | n. 字体, 字形, 洗礼盘, 泉 | n. a specific size and style of type within a type family | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amish\|amish]] | /'ɑ:miʃ/ | n. 孟诺教派；孟诺教派之教徒 | n. an American follower of the Mennonite religion | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, Amish boy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doom\|doom]] | /du:m/ | n. 厄运, 不幸, 法律, 宣告, 判决, 死亡 | n. an unpleasant or disastrous destiny | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] | /'pʌmpkin/ | n. 南瓜 | n. a coarse vine widely cultivated for its large pulpy round orange fruit with f | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crumb\|crumb]] | /krʌm/ | n. 碎屑, 面包屑, 少许 | n. a very small quantity of something | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crust\|crust]] | /krʌst/ | n. 外壳, 坚硬外皮, 面包皮 | n. the outer layer of the Earth | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cranberry\|cranberry]] | /'krænbәri/ | n. 越橘 | n. any of numerous shrubs of genus Vaccinium bearing cranberries | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trek\|trek]] | /trek/ | vi. 牛拉货车, 艰苦跋涉 | n. a journey by ox wagon (especially an organized migration by a group of settle | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spock\|spock]] |  | n. 斯波克（姓氏） | n. United States pediatrician whose many books on child care influenced the upbr | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[in phone] So, Spock actually hugs his father?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deject\|deject]] | /di'dʒekt/ | vt. 使沮丧, 使灰心 | v lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[dejected] Oh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rattle\|rattle]] | /'rætl/ | vt. 使嘎嘎响, 喋喋不休地说 | n. a rapid series of short loud sounds (as might be heard with a stethoscope in  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, no, see? See? [the printer starts to run] Hey, it's printing. [to Joey, rattled] Hey, it's print* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grit\|grit]] | /grit/ | n. 砂砾, 粗砂石 | n. a hard coarse-grained siliceous sandstone | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]] | /'lәunli/ | a. 孤单的, 孤寂的, 荒凉的 | s. marked by dejection from being alone | 1 | 9 | 9 | *[through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gray\|gray]] | /grei/ | n. 灰色, 暗淡 | n. a neutral achromatic color midway between white and black | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was ther* |
| ned | /ned/ | 牛津大词典 |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *[through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writer]] | /'raitә/ | n. 作家, 撰稿者, 抄写员 | n. writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay) | 1 | 12 | 9 | *That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oppose\|oppose]] | /ә'pәuz/ | vt. 反对, 以...对抗, 抗争 | v. be against; express opposition to | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?* |
| dinkus |  | [网络] 混蛋 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I... I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slack\|slack]] | /slæk/ | n. 松弛, 松懈, 淡季, 闲散, 家常裤 | n. dust consisting of a mixture of small coal fragments and coal dust and dirt t | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Hey, cut him some slack. It was Chandler's idea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squirm\|squirm]] | /skә:m/ | vi. 蠕动, 辗转不安 | n the act of wiggling | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[squirming] All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perspective\|perspective]] | /pә'spektiv/ | n. 远景, 透视感, (观察问题的)视角, 透视法, 看法, 透视图 | n. the appearance of things relative to one another as determined by their dista | 1 | 6 | 6 | *[squirming] All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#karma\|karma]] | /'kɑ:mә/ | n. 因果报应, 命运 | n. (Hinduism and Buddhism) the effects of a person's actions that determine his  | 1 | 4 | 3 | *All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dung\|dung]] | /dʌŋ/ | n. 粪 | v. fertilize or dress with dung | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beetle\|beetle]] | /'bi:tl/ | n. 甲虫, 大槌 | n. insect having biting mouthparts and front wings modified to form horny covers | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coldly\|coldly]] | /'kәuldli/ | adv. 冷淡地 | r. in a cold unemotional manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[coldly] When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please clim* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]] | /breiv/ | a. 勇敢的, 美好的, 华丽的 | n. a North American Indian warrior | 1 | 12 | 8 | *[reading his list] Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drape]] | /dreip/ | n. 布帘, 褶皱 | n. the manner in which fabric hangs or falls | 1 | 12 | 5 | *[opens the drapes] Hey, Ross! What are you doin'?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]] | /sti:m/ | n. 蒸汽, 精力 | n. water at boiling temperature diffused in the atmosphere | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spite\|spite]] | /spait/ | n. 恶意, 怨恨, 使人烦恼的事物 | n feeling a need to see others suffer | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mighty\|mighty]] | /'maiti/ | n. 有势力的人 | s. having or showing great strength or force or intensity | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. [to the others] I said don't go!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quietly\|quietly]] | /'kwaiәtli/ | adv. 安静地, 沉着地, 秘密地 | r. with little or no sound | 1 | 7 | 7 | *[quietly] I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blankly\|blankly]] | /'blæŋkli/ | adv. 茫然地, 毫无表情地 | r. without expression; in a blank manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[quietly] I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] | /.ʌn'ju:ʒu:l/ | a. 不寻常的, 罕见的, 与众不同的 | a. not usual or common or ordinary | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#indicate\|indicate]] | /'indikeit/ | vt. 显示, 象征, 指示, 指出 | v. indicate a place, direction, person, or thing; either spatially or figurative | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tablespoon\|tablespoon]] | /'teiblspu:n/ | n. 大汤匙 | n. as much as a tablespoon will hold | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut* |
| fda |  | abbr. （美）食品及药物管理局（Food and Drug Administration） | n a federal agency in the Department of Health and Human Services established to | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory rats.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] | /ræt/ | n. 鼠, 卑鄙的人, 破坏者, 变节者 | n. any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse | 1 | 20 | 9 | *Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory rats.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deeply\|deeply]] | /'di:pli/ | adv. 深刻地, 在深处, 深沉地 | r. to a great depth; far down | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for wha* |
