---
season: 2
episode: "12"
title: "The One After the Superbowl"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E12-E0213 — The One After the Superbowl

Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.


> [!scene] Scene: In a TV commercial that the gang is watching at Monica and Rachel's.


> [!scene] A guy is sitting at his desk and his boss comes in and drops a huge pile of papers on his desk. The guy looks dejected.] COMMERCIAL VOICEOVER: Can't get the monkey off your back? Then put it in your mouth...


> [!scene] A monkey jumps on the desk and hands the guy a beer. He opens the beer and is suddenly on the beach, in a hammock, with beautiful women all around.] COMMERCIAL VOICEOVER: ...With MonkeyShine Beer. [MonkeyShine theme] MonkeyShine Beer, 'cause it's a jungle out there.


> [!scene] Camera pans back from the TV to show the gang watching.

**Ross:** That commercial always makes me so sad.

**Joey:** Yeah, but then the guy opens his [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out OK.

**Ross:** I meant because the [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] in it [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminds]] me of Marcel.

**Phoebe:** I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little [[Friends-词汇总表#pouty\|pouty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]].

**Monica:** And the fact that they're both [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkeys]].

**Ross:** Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.

**Rachel:** Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|humping]] everything in [[Friends-词汇总表#sight\|sight]]. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.

**Ross:** Remember when sometimes he'd [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] [[Friends-词汇总表#raisin\|raisins]] in it.

**Chandler:** Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] I have this big [[Friends-词汇总表#attitude\|attitude]] problem. OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler, Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe are at the couch.


> [!scene] Joey enters holding a letter

**Joey:** Hey, hey, check it out, guess what I got.

**Chandler:** Rhythm?

**Joey:** No, my first fan mail.

**All:** Alright!

**Monica:** [reading] 'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive [[Friends-词汇总表#admirer\|admirer]], Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS [[Friends-词汇总表#enclose\|enclosed]] please find 14 of my [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelashes]].'

**Rachel:** Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.

**Monica:** This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamp]] on it, this woman was in our building.

**Joey:** Oh my god, I got my very own [[Friends-词汇总表#stalker\|stalker]].


> [!scene] Ross enters with a suitcase

**Ross:** Hey guys.

**All:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?

**Ross:** Well, there's this, uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] and surprise Marcel.

**Chandler:** You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]], and uh, you know, isn't [[Friends-词汇总表#capable\|capable]] of that [[Friends-词汇总表#emotion\|emotion]].


> [!scene] Rob (Chris Isaac) enters

**Rachel:** Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.

**Phoebe:** Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now.


> [!scene] Everyone laughs

**Phoebe:** I know, I know. [to Rob] Hello.

**Rob:** Hi. I'm Rob Dohnen.

**Phoebe:** Hi Rob Dohnen.

**Rob:** I don't know anything about music, but I think you're really, really great.

**Phoebe:** Oh, wow.

**Rob:** Anyway, I schedule [[Friends-词汇总表#performer\|performers]] for the [[Friends-词汇总表#childrens\|childrens]] libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler and Joey are standing around in the kitchen.

**Joey:** Hey, whaddya wanna do for dinner?

**Chandler:** Well we could just stay in and [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#ourselves\|ourselves]]. [both laugh [[Friends-词汇总表#hysterically\|hysterically]]]


> [!scene] door buzzer goes off

**Chandler:** Hello.

**Erica:** It's Erica.

**Joey:** Ah, the [[Friends-词汇总表#stalker\|stalker]].

**Erica:** Never mind, it's open.

**Chandler:** [Joey grabs a [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|frying]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pan\|pan]]] Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]] plan, though, just in case she isn't a [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]].

**Joey:** Let's get out of here.


> [!scene] They run out and knock on Monica and Rachel's door

**Chandler:** The one time they're not home.

**Joey:** OK, we'll just leave, and when we pass her on the [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]], she won't know it's me 'cause we've never met.

**Chandler:** That's how radio stars [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stalker\|stalkers]].

**Joey:** She's comin'.


> [!scene] Both run back in their apartment. There's a knock at the door.

**Erica:** It's me.

**Joey:** Uhh, this is it, this is how we're gonna die. Ready?

**Chandler:** Wait, wait, wait. [Opens the top of the [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dish]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] he's holding]


> [!scene] Joey opens the door and sees Erica (Brooke Shields). Joey gets a huge smile and Chandler squeezed the dish soap in the air.

**Erica:** Hi.

**Joey:** Erica.


> [!scene] Scene: San Diego Zoo. Ross is at the Monkey cages.

**Lipson:** Hi, Dean Lipson, [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] [[Friends-词汇总表#administrator\|administrator]]. I was told you had a question.

**Ross:** Well, I uh, I can't seem to find the [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] I [[Friends-词汇总表#donate\|donated]] last year. He's a capuchan, answers to the name Marcel.

**Lipson:** Ahh, I'm afraid I have some bad news. Marcel has passed on.

**Ross:** Oh my God, what happened?

**Lipson:** Well he got [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]], and then he got [[Friends-词汇总表#sicker\|sicker]], and then he got a little better but then he died.

**Ross:** I can't believe this.

**Lipson:** I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkeys]] die.' It's not a great saying but it [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] is fitting today.

**Ross:** Well, ya know, someone should have called me.

**Lipson:** I'm sorry. Look, I know this can't bring him back but here, it's just a [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]].

**Ross:** Zoo dollars?

**Lipson:** Yes, and come see the [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] show at 4. The [[Friends-词汇总表#macaw\|macaws]] wear hats. Well it's a lot [[Friends-词汇总表#cuter\|cuter]] if your [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] hasn't just died.


> [!scene] Scene: Library. Phoebe is getting ready to sing for the kids. Chandler, Monica, and Rachel are there.


> [!scene] Phoebe pulls out her guitar

**Kids:** Ooohhh.

**Phoebe:** I know.

**Monica:** I can't believe Joey's having [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] with his [[Friends-词汇总表#stalker\|stalker]]. What i-, what is she like.

**Chandler:** Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? RACHEL AND MONICA: Yeah.

**Chandler:** Well, she looks the [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opposite\|opposite]] of that.

**Rachel:** And she's not crazy?

**Chandler:** Oh no no no, she's a total [[Friends-词汇总表#wack\|wack]] job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.

**Rachel:** Oh my God.

**Monica:** Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.

**Chandler:** Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]], does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to [[Friends-词汇总表#boff\|boff]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#maniac\|maniac]].

**Rob:** You OK?

**Phoebe:** No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]].

**Rob:** That's not a good idea, that's kinda the reason the last guy got fired.

**Phoebe:** I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?

**Ross:** I was thinkin' about it.

**Phoebe:** OK. [they kiss] OK, alrighty, let's play some [[Friends-词汇总表#tune\|tunes]]. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe

**All:** Hi Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about [[Friends-词汇总表#grandparent\|grandparents]], OK. [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]] Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]], [[Friends-词汇总表#shiny\|shiny]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]]. But [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much [[Friends-词汇总表#thinner\|thinner]]. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...


> [!scene] Scene: A nice restraunt. Joey and Erica are dining.

**Erica:** Oh, Drake, isn't it amazing?

**Joey:** Yeah it is. . . what?

**Erica:** Well, here we sit, [[Friends-词汇总表#devil\|devil]] may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's [[Friends-词汇总表#spinal\|spinal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cord\|cord]].

**Joey:** Yeah, that was a [[Friends-词汇总表#tricky\|tricky]] one. In [[Friends-词汇总表#reality\|reality]], that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only showed it for 2 minites.

**Erica:** Who's they?

**Joey:** No one.

**Erica:** Oh Drake, you are so [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]], let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I could just eat them. . . but I won't.

**Joey:** Good, otherwise my watch would fall off. [laughs [[Friends-词汇总表#hysterically\|hysterically]]]

**Erica:** No, seriously. These hands. These [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]], [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]], life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, touch them, maybe even [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] one?

**Joey:** Alright, just one. [she [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licks]] his hands rather [[Friends-词汇总表#emphatically\|emphatically]]] Wow, you're good at that.


> [!scene] Some guy at another table starts choking

**Waiter:** Oh my God! Someone, he's [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choking]]. Is anyone here a doctor?

**Erica:** Well, yes, yes, the best doctor in all of Salem, Dr. Drake Remore.


> [!scene] Scene: San Diege Zoo. Ross is still at the monkey cages. A janitor is sweeping.

**Janitor:** Meet me in the [[Friends-词汇总表#nocturnal\|nocturnal]] house in 15 minutes.

**Ross:** Uhh, hey look, I don't really enjoy being with other men that way. But, um, [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] dollars?

**Janitor:** It's about your [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]].


> [!scene] Scene: Restraunt. Joey and Erica are still there.

**Erica:** I don't understand, why didn't you help that man?

**Joey:** Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#neurosurgeon\|neurosurgeon]] and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.

**Erica:** No, no no no, you don't have to tell me anything. You don't have to [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] yourself to me. Ooh, who am I to question the great Dr. Drake Remore?

**Joey:** But that's what...

**Erica:** I should just be happy to be near you.

**Joey:** Hey I- [she cuts him off with a kiss]

**Erica:** Hey what?

**Joey:** That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! [she starts [[Friends-词汇总表#nibble\|nibbling]] his hand] Hey. He-hey.


> [!scene] Scene: Library. Phoebe is singing.

**Phoebe:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]] There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.

**Monica:** Excellent!

**Chandler:** Very [[Friends-词汇总表#informative\|informative]]!

**Rachel:** Not at all [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]]!

**Phoebe:** Thank you for coming everybody. There're [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]] in the back.

**Rob:** That was great, the kids loved you.

**Phoebe:** Yay, I rock.

**Rob:** And you know why? Because you told the truth, and nobody ever tells kids the truth.You were incredible.

**Phoebe:** But.

**Rob:** How did you know there was a but?

**Phoebe:** I sense these things. It was either but or [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]].

**Rob:** The thing is, I think some of the parents, they were kinda hopin' that you'd play more songs about like, [[Friends-词汇总表#barnyard\|barnyard]] animals.

**Phoebe:** I can do that.

**Rob:** Really?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Rob:** Because that would be [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]]. What? You wanna kiss me?

**Phoebe:** Thinkin' about it.


> [!scene] Scene: San Diego Zoo. Ross and the janitor are in the nocturnal house.

**Janitor:** Ahh, the [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]]. Ambassador of [[Friends-词汇总表#darkness\|darkness]], [[Friends-词汇总表#flit\|flitting]] out of his [[Friends-词汇总表#cave\|cave]] like a [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|winged]] [[Friends-词汇总表#messenger\|messenger]], [[Friends-词汇总表#sightless\|sightless]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spectre\|spectre]] of the macabe.

**Ross:** Buddy, my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]?

**Janitor:** Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] was taken.

**Ross:** Oh my God. But the [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] told me that my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] was dead.

**Janitor:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]]! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?

**Ross:** That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.

**Janitor:** Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad [[Friends-词汇总表#publicity\|publicity]]. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?

**Ross:** That guy Lipson?

**Janitor:** Lipson knows. Do you have any idea who else knows?

**Ross:** No, I, I only know Lipson.

**Janitor:** Hmm, Lipson knows huh? Ahh, hello Mr. Opossum, [[Friends-词汇总表#enigma\|enigma]] of the trees, [[Friends-词汇总表#upside\|upside]]-down [[Friends-词汇总表#denizen\|denizen]] of the night, [[Friends-词汇总表#taunt\|taunting]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gravity\|gravity]] with...

**Ross:** Buddy, my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]], my monkey.

**Janitor:** Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] streets they have here at the [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]].

**Ross:** Of course.

**Janitor:** Your [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] found a new career, in the entertainment field. That's all I know.

**Ross:** This is [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]].

**Janitor:** So, what is this information worth to you, my friend?

**Ross:** Are you trying to get me to [[Friends-词汇总表#bribe\|bribe]] you?

**Janitor:** Maybe.

**Ross:** But you already told me everything.


> [!scene] Scene: Library. Ross show up with a MonkeyShine Beer poster.

**Ross:** Check it out, he actually is the MonkeyShine [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]].

**Rachel:** Well, so what're you gonna do?

**Ross:** Well, I guess I'm gonna call the [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] company and try to find out where he is.

**Chandler:** That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales.

**Phoebe:** OK, hi again.

**All:** Hi Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Today we're gonna start with some songs about [[Friends-词汇总表#barnyard\|barnyard]] animals.


> [!scene] singing] Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Monica, Rachel, and the guys are watching Days of Our Lives.] TV DOCTOR: You're the only one who can save her Drake. JOEY ON TV: Damnit, I'm a doctor, I'm not God.

**Ross:** Well, there goes my whole [[Friends-词汇总表#belief\|belief]] system.


> [!scene] knock at the door

**Erica:** It's Erica.

**Joey:** Oh my God, quick turn off the TV.

**Rachel:** No no no, wait, I wanna see what happens.

**Joey:** Uh, I get Leslie out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#coma\|coma]] and then we make out.

**Rachel:** Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina?

**Monica:** Rachel, it's a world where Joey is a neuro-[[Friends-词汇总表#surgeon\|surgeon]].

**Joey:** Hey Erica, c'mon in.

**Erica:** How did you get here so fast, I just saw you in Salem?

**Joey:** Right, they uh, they [[Friends-词汇总表#choppered\|choppered]] me in. What's up?

**Erica:** Ohh, and I see you're having a little party too. Is she here, huh, huh?

**Joey:** Who?

**Erica:** Sabrina. I know about you two. I saw you today kissing in the doctor's [[Friends-词汇总表#lounge\|lounge]].

**Joey:** It's not what you think, that was...

**Erica:** You told me I was the only one. [throws a glass of water in his face]

**Joey:** Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] to be a doctor.

**Erica:** Oh my God. Do the people at the hospital know about this?

**Joey:** Somebody wanna help me out here?

**Rachel:** Oh, I know, I know. [Turns on the TV. Joey in on it.]

**Erica:** How, how can you be here and there.

**Joey:** 'Cause it's a television show.

**Erica:** Drake, what're you getting at?

**Joey:** I'm not Drake.

**Ross:** That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]].

**Erica:** Is this true?

**Rachel:** Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretended]] to be Drake to, to sleep with me. [throws water in his face]

**Monica:** And then he told me he would run away with me, and he didn't. [throws water in his face]

**Chandler:** And you left the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] seat up, you [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]]. [throws water in his face]

**Erica:** Is all this true?

**Joey:** Yes, I'm afraid it is. You [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake, he's the one you [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] in love with. Go to Salem, find him, he's the guy for you.

**Erica:** Oh Hans. [They kiss]

**Ross:** Hans...Hans...Yo [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]].

**Joey:** Right. Goodbye Erica, good luck in Salem. Take care

**Erica:** I'll never forget you Hans. [Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shuts]] the door in her face]

**Joey:** OK, alright, the people who threw the water.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Rob are sitting on the couch.

**Phoebe:** Fired! Why?

**Rob:** The library board has had a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#complaint\|complaints]] from parents about some of the stuff in your songs.

**Phoebe:** I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?

**Rob:** No.

**Phoebe:** I see.

**Rob:** Maybe if you just played some regular [[Friends-词汇总表#kiddie\|kiddie]] songs.

**Phoebe:** No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, [[Friends-词汇总表#purple\|purple]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]]?

**Rob:** I'm not saying you have to be Barney.

**Phoebe:** Who's Barney.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. The whole gang is there.

**Ross:** Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]], he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.

**Rachel:** You're kidding.

**Joey:** This is amazing.

**Ross:** I know.

**Joey:** I finally get a part on TV and the monkey's makin' movies.

**Phoebe:** OK, Rachel, I'm ready.

**Rachel:** OK.


> [!scene] little kid enters

**Kid:** Excuse me. Is this where the [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] lady is that tells the truth?

**Phoebe:** Um, yeah I guess that's me.

**Kid:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shouting]] out the door] She's here.


> [!scene] a rush of kids enter

**Phoebe:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]] Sometimes men love women, sometimes men love men, and then there are [[Friends-词汇总表#bisexual\|bisexuals]], though some just say they're kidding themselves. la la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la-la...


> [!scene] Scene: City street. The whole gang is walking up to the movie set.

**Ross:** This is so exciting, I haven't seen my [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] in almost a year.

**Chandler:** What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]-is-[[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] [[Friends-词汇总表#genre\|genre]]? SECURITY GUARD: C'mon people, back up please, back up, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.

**Ross:** Uh, excuse me, uh, where can we find the [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]? SECURITY GUARD: I'm sorry guys, closed set.

**Ross:** Uh, I'm sorry, you don't understand, I'm, I'm, I'm a friend of his. We uh, we used to live together. SECURITY GUARD: Yeah, and I have a time share in the Pocanos with Flipper.

**Monica:** Ross, there he is.

**Ross:** Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel. [Marcel doesn't [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]] so Ross starts [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]] In the [[Friends-词汇总表#jungle\|jungle]], the [[Friends-词汇总表#mighty\|mighty]] jungle the [[Friends-词汇总表#lion\|lion]] sleeps tonight. [no [[Friends-词汇总表#reaction\|reaction]] from Marcel, Monica and Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#urge\|urge]] him on] In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight.


> [!scene] Marcel looks over and everyone joins in] a-weema-way, a-weema-way..... [Marcel runs over and hops up on Ross's shoulder


> [!scene] Scene: The next time at the movie set.] SECURITY GUARD: Uh, excuse me folks this is a uhh...

**Joey:** Closed set. We know but we're friends with the [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. [[[Friends-词汇总表#guard\|guard]] lets them in]

**Ross:** Good morning. Hey pal, look who I brought. It's your old friend Harry Elefante.


> [!scene] Marcel grabs the elephant doll and throws it to the ground

**Joey:** Woah, dude, [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]].

**Ross:** I don't get it, he seemed so happy to see me yesterday.

**Trainer:** Hey don't take it personal, he's under a lot of pressure, ya know, starring in a movie and all.

**Rachel:** Now just how big of a star is Marcel?

**Trainer:** In human terms, I'd say Cybill Shepard.

**All:** Woah.

**Chandler:** [to guys wering yellow [[Friends-词汇总表#isolation\|isolation]] [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suits]]] So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really [[Friends-词汇总表#paranoid\|paranoid]]. DIRECTOR'S ASSISTANT: Hey Sal, Jerry wants to know if the monkey's ready for the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] set?

**Joey:** Uh, excuse me. Jerry is the director, which one's he? DIRECTOR'S ASSISTANT: The one in the director's chair.

**Joey:** Gotcha. Phoebs, walk with me.

**Phoebe:** OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?

**Joey:** Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] [[Friends-词汇总表#flesh\|flesh]] eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?

**Susie:** We've got a problem. DIRECTOR'S ASSISTANT: Tell me.

**Susie:** I can't do Chris's [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]]. She [[Friends-词汇总表#refuse\|refuses]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#acknowledge\|acknowledge]] that she has a moustasche. DIRECTOR'S ASSISTANT: Is it bad?

**Susie:** It looks like one of her [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrows]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] down. Now unless someone [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convinces]] her to let me [[Friends-词汇总表#bleach\|bleach]] it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan. DIRECTOR'S ASSISTANT: I'll talk to her.

**Susie:** I hate actors.

**Chandler:** [to an extra in [[Friends-词汇总表#fatigue\|fatigues]]] Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.

**Susie:** Excuse me.

**Chandler:** Ahhhh.

**Susie:** Uh, is your name Chandler?

**Chandler:** Uh, yes, yes it is.

**Susie:** Chandler Bing?

**Chandler:** Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?

**Susie:** I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal [[Friends-词汇总表#cracker\|crackers]] like a [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]].

**Chandler:** Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.

**Susie:** It's nice to see you're not still wearing that [[Friends-词汇总表#denim\|denim]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cap\|cap]] with all the little [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirrors]] on it.

**Chandler:** Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] grade and realized I wasn't a [[Friends-词汇总表#pimp\|pimp]].

**Susie:** Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]] and the entire [[Friends-词汇总表#auditorium\|auditorium]] saw my [[Friends-词汇总表#underpants\|underpants]].

**Chandler:** Yes, back then I, uh, used [[Friends-词汇总表#humor\|humor]] as a defense [[Friends-词汇总表#mechanism\|mechanism]]. Thank God I don't do that anymore.


> [!scene] cut to Monica and Rachel walking through the set

**Monica:** Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.

**Rachel:** What what what what?

**Monica:** Jean-Claude Van Damme. I didn't know he was in this movie, he is so hot.

**Rachel:** Ya think?

**Monica:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#muscle\|muscles]] from Brussels, [[Friends-词汇总表#wham\|wham]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bam\|bam]] Van Damme, did you see Time Cop?

**Rachel:** No, was he any good in it?

**Monica:** Rachel, he like, totally changed time.

**Rachel:** Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?

**Monica:** Oh, yeah.

**Rachel:** What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] that could happen?

**Monica:** He could hear me.

**Rachel:** OK, I'm doin' it for ya.

**Monica:** Oh Rachel don't, don't you [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]], don't, don't. Tell him I [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]].

**Rachel:** Excuse me. Hi. VAN DAMME: Hi.

**Rachel:** Um, this is gonna sound kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#goofy\|goofy]] but uhhm, my friend over there, who [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooks]] by the way, um, she thinks you're cute. VAN DAMME: You don't think I'm cute?

**Rachel:** I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her? VAN DAMME: You can tell her I think her friend is cute.


> [!scene] back to Chandler and Susie

**Chandler:** No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no [[Friends-词汇总表#elbow\|elbows]].

**Susie:** OK, well then who was the kid that got caught [[Friends-词汇总表#masturbate\|masturbating]]?

**Chandler:** OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money.


> [!scene] a voice in the background calls for makeup

**Susie:** Oh that's me, I gotta go.

**Chandler:** Oh uh, o, OK.

**Susie:** Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] before you ask me on a date.

**Chandler:** Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.

**Susie:** I'll be there, and who knows, if things go well, maybe this time I'll get to see your [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]].

**Chandler:** No one was around to hear that?


> [!scene] back to Rachel and Monica

**Monica:** So what'd he say?

**Rachel:** Agh, what a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]]. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, [[Friends-词汇总表#naturally\|naturally]], you know, I said no.

**Monica:** Well, thanks anyway.

**Rachel:** He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.

**Monica:** Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] to me but if that's what you want to do...

**Rachel:** Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Joey and the girls are sitting at the couches.

**Rachel:** And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.

**Joey:** Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] set of. . . no guys around, huh.

**Rachel:** Does anybody need anything?

**Monica:** Oh, I'll have an [[Friends-词汇总表#espresso\|espresso]]. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.

**Rachel:** That is so [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]].

**Phoebe:** I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme.


> [!scene] Ross enters

**Ross:** Hey Joey I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's [[Friends-词汇总表#trainer\|trainer]]. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.

**Joey:** You're blowin' me off for a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]?

**Ross:** Hey, we can rescedule for Saturday.

**Joey:** Yeah, unless you [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] up with a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeons]].


> [!scene] Chandler enters

**Chandler:** Hey, stick a [[Friends-词汇总表#fork\|fork]] in me, I am done.

**Phoebe:** Stick a [[Friends-词汇总表#fork\|fork]] what?

**Chandler:** Like, when you're [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooking]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#steak\|steak]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, OK, I don't eat [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]].

**Chandler:** Well then, how do you know when [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetable\|vegetables]] are done?

**Phoebe:** Well you know, you [[Friends-词汇总表#juist\|juist]], you eat them and you can tell.

**Chandler:** OK, then, eat me, I'm done.

**Chandler:** I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]], we're [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fooling]] around, and then [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]]?'

**Monica:** What did you say?

**Chandler:** Ahh, I believe my [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]]?

**Phoebe:** Oh, you just know.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler and Susie are making out on the couch.

**Susie:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]], we gotta go, got a [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservation]] in 30 minutes.

**Chandler:** Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.

**Susie:** Oh, 200 seconds of [[Friends-词汇总表#passion\|passion]]. We gotta go.

**Susie:** But um, here's an idea, have you ever worn women's [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]?

**Chandler:** Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.

**Susie:** Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.

**Chandler:** You want me to wear your [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panties]]?

**Susie:** Could ya?

**Chandler:** Well, if I was wearing your [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're [[Friends-词汇总表#swell\|swell]].


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment. Ross is setting up for his time with Marcel. Joey is there.

**Ross:** OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dish]], banannacake.

**Joey:** Oooh.

**Ross:** With [[Friends-词汇总表#mealworm\|mealworms]].

**Joey:** Yaaahhh. Ahhh, [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]]. What'dya thinks gonna happen here tonight?


> [!scene] phone rings

**Ross:** Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Rachel are upset with each other. Phoebe is mediating.

**Phoebe:** OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first.

**Rachel:** Alright, I feel that this is totally [[Friends-词汇总表#unjustified\|unjustified]]. [Monica starts making faces behind her back] She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?

**Phoebe:** Alright Monica, if there is something that you would like to share...

**Monica:** Ya know, you had no right to go out with him.

**Rachel:** That is the most [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]].

**Monica:** You sold me out.

**Rachel:** I did not sell you out.

**Monica:** Yes you did. Absolutely.

**Rachel:** Would you let me talk. [[[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flicks]] Monica on the [[Friends-词汇总表#forehead\|forehead]]]

**Monica:** Did you just [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flick]] me?

**Rachel:** OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was [[Friends-词汇总表#jus\|jus]]- [Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flicks]] her back] Ow. That hurt [flicks Monica]

**Monica:** Quit [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flicking]] [flicks]

**Rachel:** Ow, you stop [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flicking]].

**Monica:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flicked]] me first.


> [!scene] They keep flicking each other. This turns into slapping each other. This leads to wrestling on the floor. All the while Phoebe is saying "Happy thoughts". Eventually Phoebe gets fed up.

**Phoebe:** OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.


> [!scene] Phoebe grabs each of them by an ear] MONICA AND RACHEL: Ow. Ow. Ow.

**Phoebe:** Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.

**Rachel:** Oh, what do you, you want me to stop seeing him, is that what you want?

**Monica:** Uh-huh.

**Rachel:** You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want?

**Monica:** OK.

**Rachel:** Oh that's what you want.

**Monica:** Yes.

**Rachel:** Fine.

**Monica:** Fine,

**Phoebe:** There we go.You know what, if we were in [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]], you guys would be, like, my bitches.


> [!scene] Scene: A fancy restraunt (Marcel's). Joey, Ross, Chandler, Susie, and the Director's Assistant are there.

**Ross:** Thanks for letting me tag along tonight you guys.

**Joey:** Forget about it.

**Susie:** How you doin there [[Friends-词汇总表#squirmy\|squirmy]]?

**Chandler:** I'm hangin in. . . and a little out.

**Joey:** So, assistant to the director. That's a really exciting job, I mean, you must have a [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] of cool responsibilities. DIRECTOR'S ASSISTANT: I have nothing to do with casting.

**Joey:** So what're you guys gonna eat?

**Susie:** How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licking]] you all over?

**Chandler:** Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.

**Susie:** I want you right here, right now.

**Chandler:** Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa [Susie grabs him under the table] They do have the [[Friends-词汇总表#shrimp\|shrimp]].

**Susie:** Meet me in the bathroom. [she [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] for the bathroom]

**Chandler:** I'm going to the bathroom now. [[[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] for the bathroom]


> [!scene] In the bathroom Susie and Chandler are kissing. She backs into a stall.

**Susie:** C'mon.

**Chandler:** I can't believe we're doing this.

**Susie:** Alright [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]], let's see those [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panties]].

**Chandler:** Alrighty. [we see Chandler's pants drop from under the [[Friends-词汇总表#stall\|stall]] door]

**Susie:** Ooh. Ooh. But ya know what would be even [[Friends-词汇总表#sexier\|sexier]]?

**Chandler:** What?

**Susie:** If you didn't have your shirt [[Friends-词汇总表#tuck\|tucked]] into them.

**Chandler:** Oh.

**Susie:** Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.

**Chandler:** OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.

**Susie:** C'mon [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]], hurry.

**Chandler:** Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right?

**Susie:** Alright, turn around. Time to see you from behind.

**Chandler:** OK.


> [!scene] She turns him facing the toilet and sneaks out of the stall and gathers up his clothes.

**Susie:** Oh, somebody's been doing his [[Friends-词汇总表#bun\|buns]] of steel video.

**Chandler:** Well, you want me to uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#clench\|clench]] anything, or-... Susie? Susie.

**Susie:** This is for the [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] grade.

**Chandler:** Huh? Where, whaddya mean?

**Susie:** Whaddo I mean. Whaddya mean, whaddo I mean? I mean [[Friends-词汇总表#underpants\|underpants]], [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]], that's what I mean.

**Chandler:** What, what's what you mean?

**Susie:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]], you [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lifted]], kids laughing. I was Susie Underpants 'till I was 18.

**Chandler:** That was in the [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] grade. How could you still be upset about that?

**Susie:** Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this. [she [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] with his clothes]

**Chandler:** Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these [[Friends-词汇总表#underpants\|underpants]] back.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Van Damme are walking down the street.

**Monica:** I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] up that guy? [he [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nods]]] Can you beat up that guy? VAN DAMME: Sure.

**Monica:** This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]], I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] date. VAN DAMME: Normally, I would not do it.

**Monica:** Well, what made you make the [[Friends-词汇总表#exception\|exception]] for me? VAN DAMME: 'Cause Rachel told me uh, you were dying to have a [[Friends-词汇总表#threesome\|threesome]] with me and uh, Drew Barrymore. By the way, Drew has some groundrules and...


> [!scene] Scene: Back at Monica and Rachel's apartment. They are now fighting about what Rachel told Van Damme.

**Monica:** Say you're sorry.

**Rachel:** No. [hitting each other]

**Monica:** Say it.

**Rachel:** No. [hitting again]


> [!scene] Monica grabs Rachel by the sweater. Rachel squirms out of it

**Monica:** Rachel, you say you're sorry or your [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] gets it.

**Rachel:** OK, OK, that is my favorite [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]], that is my third date sweater.

**Monica:** Say you're sorry.

**Rachel:** OK, you wanna play? OK, let's play, let's play. [She grabs a [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]] and Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]]

**Monica:** What're you gonna do?

**Rachel:** You give me back my [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] or it's [[Friends-词汇总表#handbag\|handbag]] [[Friends-词汇总表#marinara\|marinara]].

**Monica:** You don't have the [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|guts]].

**Rachel:** Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] to tell some guy I thought he was cute.


> [!scene] Monica pulls a thread on Rachel's sweater and Rachel dumps the tomato sauce in Monica's purse

**Phoebe:** Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?


> [!scene] Monica and Rachel start yelling at the same time

**Phoebe:** Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]], look at your [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]], look at [[Friends-词汇总表#yourselves\|yourselves]].

**Monica:** I'll help you fix your [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]].

**Rachel:** I'll help you throw out your [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]].

**Monica:** I'm sorry that I made you stop seeing him.

**Rachel:** Well, I'm sorry I went out with him when I knew you liked him.

**Monica:** I'm sorry that I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#glove\|gloves]] [pulls Rachel's gloves out of her [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]]


> [!scene] Scene: Back at the restroom at Marcel's. Chandler is still in the stall, Joey comes in to go to the bathroom.


> [!scene] Joey starts whistling, Chandler finishes the tune. Joey whistles again.

**Chandler:** Joey?

**Joey:** Ma?

**Chandler:** Joey!

**Joey:** Chandler? What're you still doin' here, I though you guys took off.

**Chandler:** Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes.

**Joey:** Are you naked in there?

**Chandler:** Not exactly. . . I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#wearin\|wearin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panties]].

**Joey:** Huh, you uh, you always wear [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panties]]?

**Chandler:** No, no, this is the first time.

**Joey:** Wow, talk about your bad luck, I mean, the first time you try [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panties]] and someone walks off with your clothes.

**Chandler:** I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them.

**Joey:** Well, let me see.

**Chandler:** No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever.

**Joey:** Alright, alright. [[[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climbs]] up in the next [[Friends-词汇总表#stall\|stall]] and looks over at Chandler] Woah, someone's [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|flossing]].


> [!scene] Ross enters, sees Joey in the mirror

**Ross:** [to Joey who's looking over a [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stall\|stall]]] Joey, some people don't like that.

**Joey:** Chandler's wearing [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panties]].

**Ross:** What? Let me see. [[[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climbs]] up in the other [[Friends-词汇总表#adjoin\|adjoining]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stall\|stall]]]

**Chandler:** No, no, you don't have to see.

**Ross:** Hi Tushie.

**Chandler:** Alright, one of you give me your [[Friends-词汇总表#underpants\|underpants]].

**Joey:** Can't help you, I'm not wearing any.

**Chandler:** How can you not be wearing any [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]?

**Joey:** Oh, I'm gettin' heat from the guy in the hot pink [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]].

**Chandler:** Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your [[Friends-词汇总表#underpants\|underpants]].


> [!scene] Some guy has entered.

**All:** Hi.


> [!scene] Back at the table. Joey and Ross return. Shortly, Chandler comes out, holding the stall door in front of him, and leaves.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Ross, Phoebe, and Chandler are sitting.

**Chandler:** Hey Phoebs, can I have the [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] after you?

**Phoebe:** I'm almost done with it, keep your [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panties]] on.


> [!scene] Joey enters

**Joey:** Hey, hey, and I'm in the movie.

**Ross:** What happened?

**Joey:** One of the virus [[Friends-词汇总表#victim\|victims]] called in [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]], so Cathy recommended me and [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]], I'm dying on the [[Friends-词汇总表#gurney\|gurney]]. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]].

**Ross:** Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.

**Phoebe:** [sees Marcel at the window] Oh my God.

**Ross:** What?


> [!scene] "Looks Like We Made It" starts playing and we enter a whole sequence of Marcel and Ross having fun in the city.


> [!scene] Scene: The movie set. Monica and Rachel are saying goodbye to Jean-Claude] VAN DAMME: [to Rachel] I'm sorry it didn't work out between you and me, [to Monica] or you and me. Drew was very disappointed.

**Rachel:** OK, well, bye. [kisses him] VAN DAMME: Goodbye.

**Monica:** Well, bye for me too. [kisses him]

**Rachel:** OK, well, bye-bye again. [kisses him again]

**Monica:** OK. VAN DAMME: Perhaps, uh, the three of us, just could. . . MONICA AND RACHEL: Oh, no no no no no. VAN DAMME: Are you sure, I can [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#walnut\|walnut]] with my [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]]. MONICA AND RACHEL: No no no no.

**Rachel:** Impressive.

**Monica:** But no. Maybe if I were [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|baking]]. MONICA AND RACHEL: Bye-bye.


> [!scene] Scene: City street. Whole gang is there seeing off Marcel.

**Ross:** Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]], OK. I miss you buddy.


> [!scene] Marcel is driven off in a limo

**Phoebe:** You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] your G-string?

**Chandler:** How long you been waitin' to say that?

**Phoebe:** About 20 minutes. CLOSING CREDITS


> [!scene] Scene: Filming a scene from the movie. Joey is dying on a gurney, Van Damme is looking over him.] VAN DAMME: Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.

**Joey:** Aaaaagggghhhhh.

**Director:** Cut. VAN DAMME: Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.

**Joey:** Aaaaagggghhhhh.

**Director:** Cut. VAN DAMME: Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.

**Joey:** Aaaaagggghhhhh. Mommy

**Director:** Cut. VAN DAMME: Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dead.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（42）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 8 | 209 | 116 | *Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 8 | 186 | 106 | *Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 6 | 228 | 137 | *Oh Drake, you are so talented, let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 5 | 219 | 100 | *I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their cof* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 5 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me. Is this where the singing lady is that tells the truth?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 4 | 215 | 100 | *Hey, whaddya wanna do for dinner?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 4 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, this is it, this is how we're gonna die. Ready?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 4 | 156 | 115 | *You told me I was the only one. [throws a glass of water in his face]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 4 | 281 | 110 | *Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. N* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 4 | 133 | 83 | *Meet me in the bathroom. [she leaves for the bathroom]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 4 | 81 | 53 | *Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *Hey, hey, check it out, guess what I got.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 3 | 86 | 66 | *[Joey grabs a frying pan] Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 3 | 92 | 56 | *OK, I'm doin' it for ya.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 2 | 126 | 70 | *Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 2 | 99 | 67 | *You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 2 | 87 | 69 | *Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So ev* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Ahh, I'm afraid I have some bad news. Marcel has passed on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Oh my God, what happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their cof* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 2 | 162 | 106 | *Oh, Drake, isn't it amazing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *[singing] There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I sho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 2 | 116 | 69 | *Right. Goodbye Erica, good luck in Salem. Take care* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *I'll never forget you Hans. [Joey shuts the door in her face]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *You're kidding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *This is so exciting, I haven't seen my monkey in almost a year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Rachel, he like, totally changed time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 2 | 112 | 87 | *Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 2 | 88 | 74 | *OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *That commercial always makes me so sad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp o* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes monkeys die.' It's not a great * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *No, seriously. These hands. These miracle, magical, life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, tou* |

### 常用词（62）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] | /'mʌŋki/ | n. 猴子, 猿, 打桩锤 | n. any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians) | 20 | 86 | 23 | *I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marcel\|marcel]] | /mɑ:'sel/ | n. 波浪形鬈发 | n. a hairdo characterized by deep regular waves that are made by a heated curlin | 15 | 84 | 10 | *I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 12 | 58 | 20 | *Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 6 | 43 | 27 | *Rachel, you say you're sorry or your sweater gets it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 5 | 62 | 35 | *No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 5 | 75 | 45 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 5 | 48 | 31 | *I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 4 | 35 | 31 | *Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | num. 第四, 四分之一 | n. following the third position; number four in a countable series | 4 | 21 | 15 | *I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 3 | 59 | 37 | *Yeah, but then the guy opens his beer and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 3 | 53 | 46 | *Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So ev* |
| whaddya |  |  | Short for "What do you". | 3 | 17 | 10 | *Hey, whaddya wanna do for dinner?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]] |  | na. 一瞥；短暂的访问；走马看花；(在比赛中)获胜的希望 |  | 3 | 14 | 12 | *Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 3 | 62 | 30 | *Right. Goodbye Erica, good luck in Salem. Take care* |
| woah |  | [网络] 哇；哇哦；原谅的错却不能重来过 |  | 3 | 55 | 12 | *Woah, dude, burn.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 3 | 30 | 24 | *And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 2 | 62 | 47 | *Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 2 | 29 | 27 | *Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 2 | 48 | 39 | *Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves. [both laugh hysterically]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fry]] | /frai/ | n. 油炸食物, 鱼苗 | n. English painter and art critic (1866-1934) | 2 | 21 | 10 | *[Joey grabs a frying pan] Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 2 | 86 | 49 | *Well he got sick, and then he got sicker, and then he got a little better but then he died.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] | /ig'zækt/ | a. 精确的, 准确的, 精密的 | a. marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact | 2 | 21 | 19 | *Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] | /'mædʒikәl/ | a. 魔术的, 有魔力的, 不可思议的 | s possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers | 2 | 13 | 11 | *Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 2 | 22 | 19 | *I was thinkin' about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 2 | 21 | 18 | *That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 2 | 59 | 24 | *That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 2 | 29 | 21 | *And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard. [throws water in his face]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 2 | 50 | 38 | *Yes, I'm afraid it is. You deserve much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]] | /skә:t/ | n. 裙子, 下摆, 边缘, 郊区 | n. cloth covering that forms the part of a garment below the waist | 2 | 14 | 11 | *Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 2 | 31 | 28 | *I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 2 | 31 | 26 | *Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 2 | 15 | 12 | *I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 2 | 25 | 23 | *Alright mister, let's see those panties.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 2 | 33 | 25 | *C'mon hurry, hurry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 2 | 35 | 29 | *I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 2 | 25 | 18 | *Alright, alright. [climbs up in the next stall and looks over at Chandler] Woah, someone's flossing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *[reading] 'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n. the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 1 | 19 | 13 | *Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ourselves\|ourselves]] | /.auә'selvz/ | pron. 我们自己 | pl.  of Myself | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves. [both laugh hysterically]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]] | /kɑ:'tu:n/ | n. 卡通画, 漫画 | n. a humorous or satirical drawing published in a newspaper or magazine | 1 | 10 | 10 | *[Joey grabs a frying pan] Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stair]] | /stєә/ | n. 梯级, 楼梯, 阶梯 | n support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a | 1 | 19 | 13 | *OK, we'll just leave, and when we pass her on the stairs, she won't know it's me 'cause we've never * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] | /i'skeip/ | n. 逃亡, 避难设备, 逃跑 | n. the act of escaping physically | 1 | 13 | 10 | *That's how radio stars escape stalkers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]] |  | n. (Comin)人名；(西、意)科明；(法)科曼 |  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *She's comin'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 1 | 46 | 26 | *Wait, wait, wait. [Opens the top of the dish soap he's holding]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes monkeys die.' It's not a great * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] | /'dʒestʃә/ | n. 手势, 姿态 | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I'm sorry. Look, I know this can't bring him back but here, it's just a gesture.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey has* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *I can't believe Joey's having lunch with his stalker. What i-, what is she like.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] | /bæt/ | n. 蝙蝠, 球棒 | n. nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings a | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? RACHEL AND MONICA: Yeah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]] | /'hæpinis/ | n. 快乐, 幸运, 适当 | n. state of well-being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to int | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 29 | 21 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 1 | 24 | 21 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] | /brait/ | a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的 | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 14 | 14 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] | /baik/ | n. 自行车, 脚踏车 | n a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame | 1 | 37 | 14 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] | /'tælәntid/ | a. 天资高的, 有才能的 | a. endowed with talent or talents | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Oh Drake, you are so talented, let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]] | /'mirәkl/ | n. 奇迹, 奇事 | n. any amazing or wonderful occurrence | 1 | 20 | 11 | *No, seriously. These hands. These miracle, magical, life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, tou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] | /lik/ | n. 舔, 少许, 打 | n. touching with the tongue | 1 | 15 | 11 | *No, seriously. These hands. These miracle, magical, life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, tou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choke]] | /tʃәuk/ | vt. 窒息, 阻塞, 噎, 抑制 | n. a coil of low resistance and high inductance used in electrical circuits to p | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Oh my God! Someone, he's choking. Is anyone here a doctor?* |

### 低频词（76）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| damme |  | 达默（地名） |  | 17 | 17 | 1 | *It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, J* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] | /zu:/ | n. 动物园 | n the facility where wild animals are housed for exhibition | 9 | 22 | 9 | *Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to t* |
| susie | /'su:zi/ | n. 苏西（女子名） |  | 7 | 10 | 2 | *I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panty]] | /'pænti/ | n. 女裤；童裤（等于panties） | n short underpants for women or children (usually used in the plural) | 7 | 13 | 6 | *You want me to wear your panties?* |
| remore |  | [网络] 远端机房 |  | 6 | 8 | 2 | *[reading] 'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underpants\|underpants]] | /'ʌndәpænts/ | n. 衬裤, 短衬裤 | n. an undergarment that covers the body from the waist no further than to the th | 6 | 10 | 4 | *Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lipson\|lipson]] |  | [人名] [英格兰人姓氏] 利普森取自父名，来源于Lipp↑2，含义是“利普之子”(son of Lipp) |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Hi, Dean Lipson, zoo administrator. I was told you had a question.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#han\|han]] | /hæn/ | n. 汉朝；汉民族 | n. imperial dynasty that ruled China (most of the time from 206 BC to AD 220) an | 5 | 5 | 1 | *That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salem\|salem]] | /'seilәm/ | n. 塞伦；礼拜堂 | n. capital of the state of Oregon in the northwestern part of the state on the W | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Well, yes, yes, the best doctor in all of Salem, Dr. Drake Remore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guard\|guard]] | /gɑ:d/ | n. 守卫者, 警戒, 护卫队, 防护装置 | n. a person who keeps watch over something or someone | 4 | 15 | 9 | *What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jungle\|jungle]] | /'dʒʌŋgl/ | n. 丛林, 杂乱的一堆, 弱肉强食的地方 | n. a location marked by an intense competition and struggle for survival | 4 | 6 | 3 | *Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel. [Marcel doesn't react so Ross starts singing] In the jungle, the mig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flick]] | /flik/ | n. 快速的轻打, 轻打声, 弹开 | n. a light sharp contact (usually with something flexible) | 4 | 9 | 4 | *Would you let me talk. [flicks Monica on the forehead]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stall\|stall]] | /stɒ:l/ | n. 厩, 停车处, 牧师职位, 货摊, 托辞, 拖延 | n. a compartment in a stable where a single animal is confined and fed | 4 | 6 | 2 | *Alrighty. [we see Chandler's pants drop from under the stall door]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stalker\|stalker]] |  | n. 潜随猎物者 | n. someone who walks with long stiff strides | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh my god, I got my very own stalker.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|rob]] | /rɒb/ | v. 抢夺, 抢掠, 剥夺 | v. take something away by force or without the consent of the owner | 3 | 11 | 9 | *I know, I know. [to Rob] Hello.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hysterically\|hysterically]] | /hɪ'sterɪklɪ/ | adv. 歇斯底里地 | r. in a hysterical manner | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves. [both laugh hysterically]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pan\|pan]] | /pæn/ | n. 平锅, 浅盘, 盆地, 硬土层, 拍摄全景 | n. cooking utensil consisting of a wide metal vessel | 2 | 9 | 8 | *[Joey grabs a frying pan] Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dish]] | /diʃ/ | n. 盘子, 碟, 菜肴 | n. a piece of dishware normally used as a container for holding or serving food | 2 | 13 | 9 | *Wait, wait, wait. [Opens the top of the dish soap he's holding]* |
| cathy | /'kæθi/ | n. 凯茜（女子名） |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? RACHEL AND MONICA: Yeah.* |
| alrighty |  | [网络] 遵命 |  | 2 | 6 | 4 | *OK. [they kiss] OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barnyard\|barnyard]] | /'bɑ:njɑ:d/ | n. 谷仓前的场地 | n. a yard adjoining a barn | 2 | 2 | 1 | *The thing is, I think some of the parents, they were kinda hopin' that you'd play more songs about l* |
| sabrina | /sә'bri:nә/ | n. 塞布丽娜(f.) |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina?* |
| barney | /'bɑ:ni/ | n. [口]大吵大闹；拉曳器 |  | 2 | 8 | 4 | *I'm not saying you have to be Barney.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mighty\|mighty]] | /'maiti/ | n. 有势力的人 | s. having or showing great strength or force or intensity | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel. [Marcel doesn't react so Ross starts singing] In the jungle, the mig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lion\|lion]] | /'laiәn/ | n. 狮子, 狮子(星)座, 国际狮子会会员 | n. large gregarious predatory feline of Africa and India having a tawny coat wit | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel. [Marcel doesn't react so Ross starts singing] In the jungle, the mig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerry\|jerry]] | /'dʒeri/ | a. 草率的, 偷工减料的 | n offensive term for a person of German descent | 2 | 4 | 3 | *[to guys wering yellow isolation suits] So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really parano* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moss\|moss]] | /mɒs/ | n. 苔藓, 泥沼 | n. tiny leafy-stemmed flowerless plants | 2 | 7 | 4 | *I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barrymore\|barrymore]] | /'bærimɔ:/ | n. 巴里摩尔（姓氏） | n. United States actor; son of Maurice Barrymore and Georgiana Barrymore (1882-1 | 2 | 2 | 1 | *And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fork\|fork]] | /fɒ:k/ | n. 叉子, 叉状物, 分岔 | n. cutlery used for serving and eating food | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glove\|glove]] | /glʌv/ | n. 手套 | n. handwear: covers the hand and wrist | 2 | 15 | 9 | *I'm sorry that I borrowed your gloves [pulls Rachel's gloves out of her purse]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pouty\|pouty]] | /'pauti/ | a. 生气的, 鼓起的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]] | /tʃin/ | n. 下巴, 颏 | n. the protruding part of the lower jaw | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|hump]] | /hʌmp/ | n. 驼背, 圆形隆起物, 鸵峰 | n something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings | 1 | 12 | 7 | *Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sight\|sight]] | /sait/ | n. 景观, 视力, 眼界, 阅读, 见解, 意见 | n. an instance of visual perception | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#malibu\|malibu]] | /'mælibu:/ | n. 马里布（加州地名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that* |
| barbi |  | n. (Barbi)人名；(意、法)巴尔比 |  | 1 | 10 | 2 | *Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raisin\|raisin]] | /'reizn/ | n. 葡萄干 | n. dried grape | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attitude\|attitude]] | /'ætitju:d/ | n. 态度, 看法, 姿势 | n. a complex mental state involving beliefs and feelings and values and disposit | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rhythm\|rhythm]] | /'riðәm/ | n. 旋律, 节奏, 韵律, 匀称, 张弛节律 | n. the basic rhythmic unit in a piece of music | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Rhythm?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admirer\|admirer]] | /әd'maiәrә/ | n. 钦佩者, 仰慕者, 求爱者 | n. a person who admires; someone who esteems or respects or approves | 1 | 4 | 4 | *[reading] 'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enclose\|enclose]] | /in'klәuz/ | vt. 围绕, 圈起, 放入封套, 附上 | v. close in; darkness enclosed him" | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[reading] 'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelash]] | /'ailæʃ/ | n. 睫毛 | n. any of the short curved hairs that grow from the edges of the eyelids | 1 | 7 | 6 | *[reading] 'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamp]] | /stæmp/ | n. 印, 邮票, 打印器, 戳子, 图章, 印花税票, 标志, 特征, 类型, 跺脚 | n. a type or class | 1 | 7 | 5 | *This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#travelin\|travelin]] |  | 茶苯海明 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?* |
| jake | /dʒeik/ | a. 满意的, 上等的 |  | 1 | 8 | 3 | *Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#capable\|capable]] | /'keipәbl/ | a. 有能力的, 能的, 能干的 | a. (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability | 1 | 8 | 7 | *You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotion\|emotion]] | /i'mәuʃәn/ | n. 情绪, 激动, 强烈的情感 | n. any strong feeling | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#performer\|performer]] | /pә'fɒ:mә/ | n. 表演者, 执行者, 完成者 | n. an entertainer who performs a dramatic or musical work for an audience | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#childrens\|childrens]] | /'tʃɪldrən/ | n. 孩子们（child的复数） |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]] | /'bækʌp/ | n. 倒车, 后退, 后援, 支持, 阻塞 | n. an accumulation caused by clogging or a stoppage | 1 | 18 | 7 | *[Joey grabs a frying pan] Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dean\|dean]] | /di:n/ | n. 院长, 主持牧师 | n. an administrator in charge of a division of a university or college | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hi, Dean Lipson, zoo administrator. I was told you had a question.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#administrator\|administrator]] | /әd'ministreitә/ | n. 管理人, 行政官 | n. someone who administers a business | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi, Dean Lipson, zoo administrator. I was told you had a question.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donate\|donate]] | /'dәuneit/ | v. 捐赠 | v. give to a charity or good cause | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Well, I uh, I can't seem to find the monkey I donated last year. He's a capuchan, answers to the nam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sicker\|sicker]] | /'sikә/ | a. 可靠的；安全的 | a affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well he got sick, and then he got sicker, and then he got a little better but then he died.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macaw\|macaw]] | /mә'kɒ:/ | n. 金刚鹦鹉, 芳香核果棕榈 | n. long-tailed brilliantly colored parrot of Central America and South America;  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey has* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cuter\|cuter]] |  | a. 可爱的；聪明的（cute的比较级） | s attractive especially by means of smallness or prettiness or quaintness | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey has* |
| ooohhh |  | [网络] 噢；她是我的拉丁女孩；在休假 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ooohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misery\|misery]] | /'mizәri/ | n. 痛苦, 悲惨, 不幸, 穷困 | n. a state of ill-being due to affliction or misfortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? RACHEL AND MONICA: Yeah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opposite\|opposite]] | /'ɒpәzit/ | a. 相对的, 相反的, 对面的 | s. being directly across from each other; facing | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wack\|wack]] | /wæk/ | n. 古怪的人, 怪人, 朋友 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.* |
| persue |  | [网络] 说服 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boff\|boff]] | /bɒf/ | n. 高声大笑, 为博取大笑的台词, 卖座的戏 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maniac\|maniac]] | /'meiniæk/ | a. 发狂的, 癫狂的, 疯狂的 | n. a person who has an obsession with or excessive enthusiasm for something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tune\|tune]] | /tju:n/ | n. 歌曲, 主旋律, 心情, 声调, 和谐, 一致, 语调, 程度 | n. a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence | 1 | 4 | 4 | *OK. [they kiss] OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandparent\|grandparent]] | /'grændperәnt/ | n. 祖父母 | n. a parent of your father or mother | 1 | 3 | 3 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shiny\|shiny]] | /'ʃaini/ | a. 有光泽的, 发光的, 辉煌的, 磨光的, 磨损的 | s reflecting light | 1 | 7 | 6 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinner\|thinner]] | /'θinә/ | n. 稀释剂 | n a diluting agent | 1 | 1 | 1 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peru\|peru]] | /pә'ru:/ | n. 秘鲁 | n. a republic in western South America; achieved independence from Spain in 1821 | 1 | 4 | 3 | *OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#devil\|devil]] | /'devәl/ | n. 魔鬼 | n. an evil supernatural being | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cor* |
| reattaching |  | [网络] 重新安装 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spinal\|spinal]] | /'spainl/ | a. 针的, 尖刺的, 尖刺状突起的, 脊骨的 | a. of or relating to the spine or spinal cord | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cord\|cord]] | /kɒ:d/ | n. 绳索, 束缚 | n. a line made of twisted fibers or threads | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tricky\|tricky]] | /'triki/ | a. 狡猾的, 机敏的 | s not to be trusted | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only sho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reality\|reality]] | /ri'æliti/ | n. 实在, 事实, 实体, 逼真 | n. the state of being actual or real | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only sho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emphatically\|emphatically]] | /im'fætikәli/ | adv. 强调地, 着重地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Alright, just one. [she licks his hands rather emphatically] Wow, you're good at that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nocturnal\|nocturnal]] | /nɒk'tә:nәl/ | a. 夜的, 夜曲的 | a. belonging to or active during the night | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Meet me in the nocturnal house in 15 minutes.* |
