---
season: 2
episode: "07"
title: "The One Where Ross Finds Out"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E07 — The One Where Ross Finds Out

Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Everyone is sitting at the couches, Chandler enters.

**Chan:** OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . [[Friends-词汇总表#repellant\|repellant]]. . . about me?

**Rach:** So, how was the party?

**Chan:** Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman [[Friends-词汇总表#literally\|literally]] passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I [[Friends-词汇总表#hideously\|hideously]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unattractive\|unattractive]]?

**Phoe:** No, you are not, you are very [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]]. You know what, I go through the [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.

**Chan:** Woah, woah, I've put on a little weight?

**Phoe:** No, not wieght... y'know, more like [[Friends-词汇总表#insulation\|insulation]].

**Mnca:** Chandler, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]] and in [[Friends-词汇总表#dire\|dire]] need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can [[Friends-词汇总表#remake\|remake]] you.

**Chan:** Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.

**Mnca:** Please.

**All:** C'mon. Let her. Yeah.

**Chan:** Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on [[Friends-词汇总表#spandex\|spandex]] and my [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] than yours, I'm goin' home.

**Phoe:** Your [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]] are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here.


> [!scene] hugs Chandler but holds her hands apart behind his back] Oh, can't make.... hands... meet.... OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Hallway between the apartments. Chandler comes out wearing spandex, jogging in place. Monica is there.

**Chan:** OK, let's do it. [Monica looks at him funny] What?

**Mnca:** Nothing, just never seen you in little [[Friends-词汇总表#stretchy\|stretchy]] pants before.

**Chan:** And we're changing. [[[Friends-词汇总表#jog\|jogs]] back in his apartment]


> [!scene] Cut to the city street. Monica and Chandler are jogging. Chandler is lagging behind so he hops in a cab and takes off, leaving Monica behind


> [!scene] Scene: Back in Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is doing situps.

**Mnca:** C'mon give me five more. Five more.

**Chan:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#weakly\|weakly]]] No.

**Mnca:** Five more and I'll flash you.

**Chan:** One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Joey are sitting on the couch. Rachel is working.

**Chan:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#slowly\|slowly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lifts]] coffee cup to his [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]]] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#intercept\|intercepts]] the cup and puts it down for him]. She's [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]], the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] [[Friends-词汇总表#clench\|clenches]] at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.


> [!scene] Phoebe enters.

**Rach:** Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?

**Phoe:** Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] restraunt, ordered [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]], nice.

**Joey:** The guy still won't put out, huh?

**Phoe:** Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.

**All:** Sorry Phoebs.

**Phoe:** Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]], I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?

**Joey:** Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.

**Phoe:** No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.

**Joey:** Maybe he's. . . gay.

**Phoe:** Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.

**Rach:** Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?

**Phoe:** No, I felt it on my [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]]. You could tell.


> [!scene] Monica enters.

**Mnca:** [to Chandler] Yo, Bing. Racquetball in 15 minutes.

**Chan:** Joey, be a pal. Lift up my hand and [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] her with it.

**Phoe:** [seeing Ross kissing Julie outside the window] Ooh, oh, Rachel, don't look.

**Rach:** What? [looks, [[Friends-词汇总表#feign\|feigns]] [[Friends-词汇总表#indifference\|indifference]]] C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.

**Joey:** Woah, woah, woah, you have a date?

**Rach:** Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.

**Joey:** But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?

**Rach:** Oh what, my whole [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] [[Friends-词汇总表#jealousy\|jealousy]] thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#opt\|opt]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#sanity\|sanity]].

**Chan:** So you really OK about all this?

**Rach:** Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing.


> [!scene] Ross and Julie enter.

**Ross:** Hi guys.

**All:** Hey.

**Ross:** Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]], OK?

**Mnca:** Only if you say his full name.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#reluctantly\|reluctantly]]] Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]].

**Mnca:** Alright.

**Joey:** [to Ross] You're getting a cat?

**Ross:** Uh, actually, we're getting a cat.

**Rach:** Together?

**Ross:** Uh huh.

**Rach:** Both of you?

**Ross:** Yep.

**Rach:** Together.

**Julie:** Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.

**Rach:** Ohh, well, isn't that just [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]]. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.

**Ross:** Hopefully.

**Rach:** Well. [looks at watch] Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. [she [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] carrying her [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] then comes back in] OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.


> [!scene] Scene: A nice restraunt. Rachel is on her date with Michael (MICH).

**Mich:** I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]], I am.

**Rach:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#distract\|distracted]]] How long do cats live?

**Mich:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]]] I'm sorry?

**Rach:** Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?

**Mich:** Um, maybe 15, 16 years.

**Rach:** That's just great. [she picks up her [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]] and starts drinking]

**Mich:** Um, [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheers]].

**Rach:** Oh, right, [[Friends-词汇总表#clink\|clink]]. [downs her glass]

**Mich:** Monica told you I was [[Friends-词汇总表#cuter\|cuter]] that this, didn't she?

**Rach:** Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.

**Mich:** Oh, that does sound. . .Ahh.

**Rach:** I mean he just started going out with her.

**Mich:** Is this guy, uhh, an old boyfriend?

**Rach:** Ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#hah\|hah]]-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.

**Mich:** Alright.

**Rach:** OK, OK. So, you ever get a pet with a girlfriend?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Joey are sitting on the couch.

**Phoe:** So, I figured it out.

**Joey:** What?

**Phoe:** Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.

**Joey:** Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]], great [[Friends-词汇总表#rack\|rack]]."

**Phoe:** Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] [[Friends-词汇总表#offend\|offended]] but, sweet.

**Joey:** Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.

**Phoe:** You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm. [they [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]]]


> [!scene] Outside the window, Monica and Chandler jog up. Monica playfully pushes him. They start puching and slapping harder and harder until Monica pushes him down. Chandler stands up, with a serious expression, and chases her away.


> [!scene] Scene: Back in the restraunt. Rachel pours the last of the champange bottle in her glass.

**Rach:** [obviously drunk] I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? [[[Friends-词汇总表#belligerently\|belligerently]]] What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?

**Mich:** Fruitflies?

**Rach:** Yes! Thank you.


> [!scene] The waiter comes to the table.

**Waiter:** So, would you like any [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]]?

**Mich:** No! No [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]], just a check, please.

**Rach:** Oh, you're not having fun, are you?

**Mich:** No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.

**Rach:** Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], why can't I do that?

**Mich:** Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any [[Friends-词汇总表#closure\|closure]].

**Rach:** Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]]! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?

**Mich:** Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."

**Rach:** Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spotting]] a guy with a [[Friends-词汇总表#cellular\|cellular]] phone] Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, [[Friends-词汇总表#hel\|hel]]. . . woo [she almost falls out of her chair]

**Guy:** Hang on.

**Rach:** Hello, excuse me.

**Guy:** What.

**Rach:** Hi, I'm sorry, I need to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] your phone for just one minute.

**Guy:** I'm talkin'!

**Rach:** I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. [man is still [[Friends-词汇总表#reluctant\|reluctant]]] OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.

**Guy:** Alright, fine. [on the phone] I'll call you back. [hands the phone to her]

**Rach:** Thank you. OK. [[[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dials]]] [to Michael] Machine. Just waiting for the [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]].

**Mich:** Good.

**Rachel:** [on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call [[Friends-词汇总表#closure\|closure]]. [hangs up and [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|tosses]] phone in the ice [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]]]


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is answering the door in his robe.

**Chan:** No, no, no, no, no, no [opens door to Monica] No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.

**Mnca:** Why not?

**Chan:** Because it's Sunday. It's God's day.

**Mnca:** OK, if you say stop, then we stop.

**Chan:** OK, stop.

**Mnca:** No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]] to go. I am the energy [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo [Chandler walks out of the apartment, leaving Monica] Woo.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel and Monica's apartment. Rachel is taking asprin. Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey Rach.

**Rach:** Ahhhh.

**Ross:** Oh. And how was the date?

**Rach:** Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . .


> [!scene] Rachel looks at Ross as though she remembers something, but can't place what it is.

**Ross:** Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] getting a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]], I just need the cat [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]], did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?

**Rach:** I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.

**Ross:** OK. Oh, oh, oh. [runs over and picks up the cat [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]]]

**Rach:** Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?

**Ross:** No, I stayed at Julie's last night.

**Rach:** Huh.

**Ross:** Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?

**Rach:** Oh yeah, go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]. [Rachel walks in her room. Ross picks up the phone and [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dials]] his machine to check his messages.]

**Ross:** Rach, I got a message from you. [[[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pauses]]] Who's Michael?


> [!scene] Rachel comes out of her room, suddenly she remembers leaving the message.

**Rach:** Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . [jumps the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] and lands on Ross's back, finally getting the phone from him. Ross has a [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]] [[Friends-词汇总表#expression\|expression]] on his face.]

**Ross:** You're over me?

**Rach:** Ohhhhhhhh God. [[[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climbs]] off his back]

**Ross:** Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?

**Rach:** Ohh, ohh.

**Ross:** When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?

**Rach:** Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]], [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]], I've uh, I've uh, sort of had [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for you.

**Ross:** You've had [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for me?

**Rach:** Yeah, what, so? You had [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for me first.

**Ross:** Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?

**Rach:** Chandler told me.

**Ross:** Chandler. When did he... when did he... when did he?

**Rach:** When you were in China.

**Ross:** China.

**Rach:** Meeting Julie.

**Ross:** Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]]... and now, now, now you're over me?

**Rach:** Are you over me?


> [!scene] A moment of silence.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#doorbell\|doorbell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzzes]]] That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie. [talks on [[Friends-词汇总表#intercom\|intercom]]] Hi Julie.

**Julie:** [over [[Friends-词汇总表#intercom\|intercom]]] Hi honey, I've got a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] waiting.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#perky\|perky]]] I'll be right down.

**Rach:** Wait, so, you're going?

**Ross:** Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]], I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.

**Rach:** OK, OK.

**Ross:** Cat. [[[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Joey is watching a rabbi play an electric guitar on TV. Phoebe enters.

**Phoe:** Hey Joey.

**Joey:** Hey Phoebs.

**Phoe:** How come you're watching a [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbi\|rabbi]] play electric guitar?

**Joey:** I can't find the remote. [Phoebe turns off the TV] Thank you.

**Phoe:** So, Scott asked me to come over for [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] today and I did.

**Joey:** And?

**Phoe:** And we did.

**Joey:** All right Phoebs, way to go.

**Phoe:** Yay me.

**Joey:** So, so how did it happen?

**Phoe:** Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.

**Joey:** And what did he say?

**Phoe:** He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepared]] to be really serious.

**Joey:** Wow.

**Phoe:** Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convinced]] him.

**Joey:** Let me get this straight. He got you to [[Friends-词汇总表#beg\|beg]] to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.

**Phoe:** Um-[[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]].

**Joey:** This man is my God.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is closing up and Ross comes in. Get your Kleenex.

**Rach:** Hi.

**Ross:** I didn't get a cat.

**Rach:** Oh, that's um, interesting.

**Ross:** No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely [[Friends-词汇总表#opposite\|opposite]] of interesting.

**Rach:** Alright, I got it Ross.

**Ross:** You had no right to tell me you ever had [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for me.

**Rach:** [hurt] What?

**Ross:** I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.

**Rach:** Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?

**Ross:** Then you should have said something before I met her.

**Rach:** I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.

**Ross:** There was never a good time.

**Rach:** Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night.

**Ross:** Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-[[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiances]] or, or, or Italian guys.

**Rach:** Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?

**Ross:** The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sailed]].

**Rach:** Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?

**Ross:** Hey, I've been doin' it since the [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.

**Rach:** Alright, fine, you go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] and you do that, alright Ross.

**Ross:** Fine.

**Rach:** 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.

**Ross:** Good.

**Rach:** Good. [Ross [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]


> [!scene] Rachel gets up and opens the door, yelling after him.

**Rach:** And ya know what, now I've got [[Friends-词汇总表#closure\|closure]].


> [!scene] Rachel slams the door and locks it. She sits down, visibly upset. She puts her head in her hands and begins to cry. Ross comes back and is standing outside the window. When Rachel regroups and gets back up to finish closing, she sees him. She smiles. She goes to open the door and can't get the lock undone.

**Ross:** Try the bottom one.


> [!scene] She opens the door and they kiss.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler answers the door to find Monica.


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**

**Chan:** Monica, it's 6:30 in the morning. We're not working out, it's over.

**Mnca:** No way, with one [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.

**Chan:** OK, I don't, I don't mind the last [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]]. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]].

**Mnca:** Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?

**Chan:** Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.

**Mnca:** Well, thanks.

**Chan:** I mean, especially considering how [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] it's been for you to find work.

**Mnca:** Well, you know.

**Chan:** You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappointed]].

**Mnca:** [sad] Uh-huh.

**Chan:** And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] to cry on.

**Mnca:** Well no, but um.

**Chan:** I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have [[Friends-词汇总表#difficulty\|difficulty]] just getting out of bed at all.

**Mnca:** Y'know, I try to stay positive. . .

**Chan:** So, you feel like goin' for a run?

**Mnca:** Alright.

**Chan:** Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] right here.

**Mnca:** OK. Just for a little while.

**Chan:** OK. [Puts an [[Friends-词汇总表#afghan\|afghan]] over her and dances into his room]


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 3 | 92 | 55 | *Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 3 | 224 | 126 | *Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellula* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *And we're changing. [jogs back in his apartment]* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 2 | 156 | 115 | *Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 2 | 75 | 55 | *Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 2 | 84 | 53 | *I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *Is this guy, uhh, an old boyfriend?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *[obviously drunk] I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 2 | 118 | 89 | *Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can fi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Hang on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 2 | 92 | 56 | *Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Juli* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Nothing, just never seen you in little stretchy pants before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *[slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the * |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *[to Chandler] Yo, Bing. Racquetball in 15 minutes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *[seeing Ross kissing Julie outside the window] Ooh, oh, Rachel, don't look.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Well. [looks at watch] Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *That's just great. [she picks up her champagne and starts drinking]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. [man is s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *So, so how did it happen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *[hurt] What?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *[sad] Uh-huh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.* |

### 常用词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| woah |  | [网络] 哇；哇哦；原谅的错却不能重来过 |  | 7 | 55 | 12 | *Woah, woah, I've put on a little weight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 5 | 76 | 44 | *Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 3 | 32 | 26 | *[slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 3 | 70 | 38 | *Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica sa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 3 | 25 | 22 | *No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 2 | 27 | 18 | *Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 2 | 56 | 32 | *Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 2 | 69 | 43 | *[slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]] | /ʃæm'pein/ | n. 香槟酒, 香槟酒色 | n. a white sparkling wine either produced in Champagne or resembling that produc | 2 | 19 | 13 | *Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 2 | 21 | 20 | *[confused] I'm sorry?* |
| woo | /wu:/ | vt. 追求, 向...求爱, 恳求 | v. seek someone's favor | 2 | 14 | 12 | *Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellula* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 2 | 21 | 14 | *Thank you. OK. [dials] [to Michael] Machine. Just waiting for the beep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 2 | 50 | 40 | *Oh yeah, go ahead. [Rachel walks in her room. Ross picks up the phone and dials his machine to check* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 2 | 43 | 30 | *Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 1 | 22 | 20 | *No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] | /ig'zækt/ | a. 精确的, 准确的, 精密的 | a. marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact | 1 | 21 | 19 | *No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] | /lift/ | n. 举起, 帮助, 昂扬, 电梯 | n. the act of giving temporary assistance | 1 | 20 | 17 | *[slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *[slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nothin\|nothin]] |  | n. (Nothin)人名；(瑞典)诺廷 |  | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a reall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hopefully\|hopefully]] | /'hәjpfjli/ | adv. 有希望地, 如果希望能实现的话 | r. with hope; in a hopeful manner | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Hopefully.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *Um, cheers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm. [they hug]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] | /'briljәnt/ | a. 光辉的, 灿烂的, 有才气的 | s. of surpassing excellence | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellula* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *I'm talkin'!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]] | /bi:p/ | n. 短而尖的声音, 嘟 | n. a short high tone produced as a signal or warning | 1 | 13 | 11 | *Thank you. OK. [dials] [to Michael] Machine. Just waiting for the beep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|toss]] | /tɒs/ | n. 投掷, 抛, 摇摆, 震荡, 掷钱币决定 | n. an abrupt movement | 1 | 10 | 10 | *[on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 1 | 24 | 21 | *No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you ar* |
| ahhhh |  | 啊（非正式） |  | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Ahhhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica sa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]] | /pɒ:z/ | n. 暂停, 中止, 停顿, 间歇, 踌躇, 休止符 | n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Rach, I got a message from you. [pauses] Who's Michael?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Ohhhhhhhh God. [climbs off his back]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzz]] | /bʌz/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 流言 | n. sound of rapid vibration | 1 | 11 | 11 | *[doorbell buzzes] That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie. [talks on intercom] Hi Julie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *So, Scott asked me to come over for lunch today and I did.* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] | /i'mәuʃәnәl/ | a. 情绪的, 情感的 | a. determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason | 1 | 15 | 13 | *He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beg\|beg]] | /beg/ | v. 乞求, 乞讨, 请求 | v. call upon in supplication; entreat | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to cal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] | /ri'gret/ | n. 遗憾, 后悔, 悔恨, 抱歉, 歉意 | v. feel sad about the loss or absence of | 1 | 15 | 14 | *OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't ma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappoint]] | /.disә'pɒint/ | vt. 使失望 | v. fail to meet the hopes or expectations of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 1 | 15 | 11 | *And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] | /næp/ | n. 小睡, 稍睡, 细毛, 孤注一掷 | n. a soft or fuzzy surface texture | 1 | 28 | 20 | *Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.* |

### 低频词（58）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closure\|closure]] | /'klәuʒә/ | n. 关闭 | n. a rule for limiting or ending debate in a deliberative body | 6 | 7 | 2 | *Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now beca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]] | /tɒi/ | n. 玩具, 小玩艺儿, 小型的东西, 消遣 | n. a nonfunctional replica of something else (frequently used as a modifier) | 4 | 14 | 8 | *Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slowly\|slowly]] | /'slәuli/ | adv. 慢慢地, 迟缓地 | r. without speed (`slow' is sometimes used informally for `slowly') | 2 | 5 | 4 | *[slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] O* |
| movin |  | [网络] 移动平均线 |  | 2 | 12 | 8 | *Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fluffy\|fluffy]] | /'flʌfi/ | a. 毛绒绒的, 蓬松的, 空洞的, 无内容的, 不明确的 | s like down or as soft as down | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?* |
| fruitflies |  | [网络] 炭疽菌及果蝇 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *[obviously drunk] I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]] | /di'zә:t/ | n. 餐后甜点 | n. a dish served as the last course of a meal | 2 | 21 | 9 | *So, would you like any dessert?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intercom\|intercom]] | /'intәkɔm/ | n. 内部通信联络系统, 内部通话系统 | n a communication system linking different rooms within a building or ship etc | 2 | 2 | 1 | *[doorbell buzzes] That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie. [talks on intercom] Hi Julie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repellant\|repellant]] | /ri'pelәnt/ | a. & n.<主英>=repellent | n a compound with which fabrics are treated to repel water | 1 | 1 | 1 | *OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#literally\|literally]] | /'litәrәli/ | adv. 逐字地, 按照字面上地, 不夸张地 | r. in a literal sense | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hideously\|hideously]] | /'hɪdɪəslɪ/ | adv. 可怕地, 非常讨厌地 | r. in a hideous manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unattractive\|unattractive]] | /.ʌnә'træktiv/ | a. 无吸引力的, 无魅力的, 乏味的, 不美的 | a. lacking beauty or charm | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideo* |
| everyting |  | [网络] 所有一切 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insulation\|insulation]] | /.insju'leiʃәn. 'insә-/ | n. 绝缘；隔离, 孤立 | n. the state of being isolated or detached | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, not wieght... y'know, more like insulation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]] | /.ʌnim'plɒid/ | a. 失业的, 未被利用的 | a. not engaged in a gainful occupation | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dire\|dire]] | /daiә/ | a. 可怕的, 悲惨的, 阴沉的, 极端的 | s fraught with extreme danger; nearly hopeless | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remake\|remake]] | /ri'meik/ | vt. 再作, 再制, 重作 | n. creation that is created again or anew | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spandex\|spandex]] | /'spændeks/ | [化] 弹力纤维 | n. an elastic synthetic fabric | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stretchy\|stretchy]] | /'stretʃi/ | a. 可延伸的, 有弹性的, 易延伸过长的 | s capable of being easily stretched and resuming former size or shape | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Nothing, just never seen you in little stretchy pants before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jog\|jog]] | /dʒɒg/ | n. 轻推, 轻撞, 慢跑 | n. a sharp change in direction | 1 | 5 | 4 | *And we're changing. [jogs back in his apartment]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weakly\|weakly]] | /'wi:kli/ | a. 弱的, 虚弱的 | r. in a weak or feeble manner or to a minor degree | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[weakly] No.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intercept\|intercept]] | /.intә'sept/ | n. 截取, 妨碍, 截距 | n. the point at which a line intersects a coordinate axis | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clench\|clench]] | /klentʃ/ | n. 牢牢抓住, 钉紧, 敲弯钉尖 | v. hold in a tight grasp | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zilch\|zilch]] | /ziltʃ/ | n. 一无所有, 小人物, 无, 零 | n a quantity of no importance | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]] | /hip/ | n. 臀部, 蔷薇果, 忧郁 | n. either side of the body below the waist and above the thigh | 1 | 12 | 9 | *No, I felt it on my hip. You could tell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#racquetball\|racquetball]] | /'rækitbɔ:l/ | n. [体]短网拍墙球,手球式墙球(比赛规则和场地都与有四面墙场地的墙手球相同,但击球用以皮带拴腕的短柄球拍,球较墙手球 | n. the ball used in playing the game of racquetball | 1 | 8 | 4 | *[to Chandler] Yo, Bing. Racquetball in 15 minutes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] | /smæk/ | n. 风味, 滋味, 少量, 拍击声, 咂嘴声, 小渔船, 海洛因 | n. a sailing ship (usually rigged like a sloop or cutter) used in fishing and sa | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Joey, be a pal. Lift up my hand and smack her with it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feign\|feign]] | /fein/ | vt. 假装, 装作 | v. make believe with the intent to deceive | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What? [looks, feigns indifference] C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#indifference\|indifference]] | /in'difәrәns/ | n. 不重视, 无兴趣, 漠不关心 | n. unbiased impartial unconcern | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What? [looks, feigns indifference] C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#settin\|settin]] |  | n. (Settin)人名；(意)塞廷 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealousy\|jealousy]] | /'dʒelәsi/ | n. 妒忌, 猜忌, 羡慕 | n. a feeling of jealous envy (especially of a rival) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opt\|opt]] | /ɒpt/ | vi. 选择 | v select as an alternative over another | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sanity\|sanity]] | /'sæniti/ | n. 神智健全, 头脑清楚, 通情达理 | n. normal or sound powers of mind | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reluctantly\|reluctantly]] | /rɪ'lʌktəntlɪ/ | adv. 不情愿地, 勉强地 | r. with reluctance | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[reluctantly] Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] | /trei/ | n. 托盘, 公文盘, 满盘, 发射箱 | n. an open receptacle for holding or displaying or serving articles or food | 1 | 17 | 9 | *Well. [looks at watch] Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#distract\|distract]] | /dis'trækt/ | vt. 转移, 分心, 使发狂 | v. draw someone's attention away from something | 1 | 10 | 9 | *[distracted] How long do cats live?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clink\|clink]] | /kliŋk/ | n. 叮当声 | v. make a high sound typical of glass | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, right, clink. [downs her glass]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cuter\|cuter]] |  | a. 可爱的；聪明的（cute的比较级） | s attractive especially by means of smallness or prettiness or quaintness | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Monica told you I was cuter that this, didn't she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rack\|rack]] | /ræk/ | n. 架, 行李架, 饲草架, 搁物架, 痛苦, 折磨, 齿条, 行云团 | n. framework for holding objects | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offend\|offend]] | /ә'fend/ | v. 犯罪, 冒犯, 违反, 进攻 | v cause to feel resentment or indignation | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belligerently\|belligerently]] |  | adv. 好战地；好斗地 | r. with hostility; in a belligerent hostile manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[obviously drunk] I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diner\|diner]] | /'dainә/ | n. 用餐者 | n. a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant) | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cellular\|cellular]] | /'seljulә/ | a. 细胞的 | a. relating to cells | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellula* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hel\|hel]] | /hel/ | n. 赫尔(死亡女神及冥府的女神), 冥府 | n. (Norse mythology) goddess of the dead and queen of the underworld | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellula* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reluctant\|reluctant]] | /ri'lʌktәnt/ | a. 不情愿的, 勉强的 | s. disinclined to become involved | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. [man is s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bein\|bein]] |  | n. 拜因（姓氏） |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. [man is s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]] | /'bʌkit/ | n. 桶 | n. a roughly cylindrical vessel that is open at the top | 1 | 12 | 9 | *[on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expression\|expression]] | /ik'spreʃәn/ | n. 表达, 表现, 词语, 措辞 | n. the feelings expressed on a person's face | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#walkin\|walkin]] |  | n. (Walkin)人名；(瑞典)瓦尔金 |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doorbell\|doorbell]] | /'dɒ:bel/ | n. 门铃 | n. a push button at an outer door that gives a ringing or buzzing signal when pu | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[doorbell buzzes] That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie. [talks on intercom] Hi Julie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perky\|perky]] | /'pә:ki/ | a. 得意洋洋的, 快活的, 敏捷的, 美观的, 傲慢的, 神气的 | s characterized by liveliness and lightheartedness | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[perky] I'll be right down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbi\|rabbi]] | /'ræbai/ | n. 拉比(犹太教圣职人员), 大师(对犹太学者的尊称) | n. spiritual leader of a Jewish congregation; qualified to expound and apply Jew | 1 | 3 | 3 | *How come you're watching a rabbi play electric guitar?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opposite\|opposite]] | /'ɒpәzit/ | a. 相对的, 相反的, 对面的 | s. being directly across from each other; facing | 1 | 12 | 9 | *No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]] | /seil/ | n. 帆, 篷, 帆船, 航程, 帆状物 | n. a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is use | 1 | 10 | 5 | *The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] | /nainθ/ | num. 第九, 九分之一 | n. position nine in a countable series of things | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#workin\|workin]] | /'wә:kin/ | n. 工人接管；不按章工作；到校罢课 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#difficulty\|difficulty]] | /'difikәlti/ | n. 困难, 难点 | n. a factor causing trouble in achieving a positive result or tending to produce | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afghan\|afghan]] | /'æfgæn/ | a. 阿富汗的, 阿富汗人的 | n. a blanket knitted or crocheted in strips or squares; sometimes used as a shaw | 1 | 1 | 1 | *OK. [Puts an afghan over her and dances into his room]* |
