---
season: 2
episode: "22"
title: "The One With the Two Parties"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E22 — The One With the Two Parties


> [!scene] Scene: Moondance Diner. Ross, Phoebe, Joey, and Chandler are sitting at the counter, Monica is working. Monica is wearing her costume, including big fake breasts.

**Monica:** So, I'll get [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]] and my mom's [[Friends-词汇总表#lace\|lace]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tablecloth\|tablecloth]], and since it's Rachel's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]], I mean, we want it to be special, I thought I'd [[Friends-词汇总表#poach\|poach]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#salmon\|salmon]].

**All:** Ohhh.

**Monica:** What?

**Ross:** Question. Why do we always have to have parties where you [[Friends-词汇总表#poach\|poach]] things?

**Monica:** You wanna be in charge of the food committee?

**Ross:** Question two. Why do we always have to have parties with committees?

**Joey:** Really. Why can't we just get some [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizzas]] and get some [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]] and have fun?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.

**Monica:** Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.


> [!scene] Joey is staring at Monica's breasts

**Monica:** Joey they're not real. I start [[Friends-词汇总表#mile\|miles]] [[Friends-词汇总表#beneath\|beneath]] the surface of these things, ok, they're [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]]. See [[[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeezes]] her breast] [[Friends-词汇总表#honk\|honk]] honk.

**Chandler:** Wow, it's, it's like porno for [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clowns]]. OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler, Ross, Joey, Phoebe, and Monica are planning Rache's birthday party.

**Ross:** I talked to Rachel's sisters, [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] of them can come.

**Monica:** Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.

**Joey:** Woah, woah, woah, uh, no Shannon Cooper.

**Phoebe:** Why not her?

**Joey:** Cause she uh, she steals stuff.

**Chandler:** Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.

**Monica:** Joey that is horriable.

**Joey:** Hey I liked her, alright. Maybe, maybe too much. I don't know I guess I just got scared.

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, I didn't know.

**Joey:** I didn't think anyone'd buy that, ok.


> [!scene] Rachel enters

**Ross:** Hi honey, how did it go?

**Rachel:** Agh, it was the [[Friends-词汇总表#graduation\|graduation]] from hell.

**Chandler:** Ya know, my [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] went to hell on a football [[Friends-词汇总表#scholarship\|scholarship]].

**Rachel:** Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#joyous\|joyous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]]. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true [[Friends-词汇总表#testament\|testament]] to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.

**Monica:** So what happened?

**Rachel:** My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same [[Friends-词汇总表#stadium\|stadium]], [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] [[Friends-词汇总表#proudly\|proudly]], and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the [[Friends-词汇总表#commencement\|commencement]] address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and [[Friends-词汇总表#shush\|shush]] them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.

**Phoebe:** Ok, so I guess we don't invite her parents.

**Monica:** Well, how [[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] just her mom?

**Chandler:** Why her mom?

**Monica:** Cause I already invited her.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, ooh, did you ask Stacy Roth?

**Joey:** Oh no, can't invite her. She also steals.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Chandler, Joey, Monica, and Phoebe are setting up for the party.

**Phoebe:** Ok, here are the [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]]. Where's the birthday [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]?

**Monica:** Ok, we're not having [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]], we're having birthday [[Friends-词汇总表#flan\|flan]].

**Chandler:** Excuse me?

**Monica:** It's a traditional Mexican [[Friends-词汇总表#custard\|custard]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]].

**Joey:** Oh that's nice. Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] Rachel, here's some [[Friends-词汇总表#goo\|goo]].


> [!scene] knock at the door

**Monica:** [answers the door] Dr. Greene. Oh my God it's Rachel's dad. What're you doing here?

**Mr. Greene:** What? The father can't drop by to see the daughter on her birthday?

**Monica:** No no, the father can, but um, since I am the [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] I can tell you that she's not here and I'll pass along the message, ok. So bye-bye.

**Mr. Greene:** Ohhh, you're having a parteee.

**Monica:** No, no, not a party. Just a surprise [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gathering]] of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and Chandler and Joey.

**Mr. Greene:** I'll never remember all of that. So uh, what's the deal? Rachel comes home, people pop out and yell stuff, is that it?

**Chandler:** This isn't your first surprise party, is it [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]?


> [!scene] knock at the door, Monica answers to see Mrs. Greene

**Mrs. Greene:** Hi Monica.


> [!scene] Monica slams the door back shut

**Monica:** Chinese menu guy. Forgot the menus.

**Chandler:** So, [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] just a Chinese guy.

**Joey:** Uh, hey, Dr. Greene, why don't you come with me, we'll put your [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] on Rachel's bed.

**Mr. Greene:** Alright, that sounds like a two person job. [they walk into Rachel's bedroom]

**Mrs. Greene:** Well, my goodness, what was that?

**Monica:** Sandra, I am so sorry, I thought you were Rachel and we just weren't ready for you yet.

**Mrs. Greene:** You thought I was Rachel?

**Chandler:** Yes because uh, you look so young.

**Phoebe:** And because you're both, you know, white women.

**Mrs. Greene:** Oh, I missed you kids. Well, should I put my coat in the bedroom?

**Chandler:** NO! No, I'll take that for ya.

**Mrs. Greene:** Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. [Chandler takes the hot pink coat and grimaces at it] Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons...


> [!scene] Chandler, remembering that Joey and Mr. Greene are in the bedroom, throws her coat in a cupboard] The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...[Joey peeks out

**Phoebe:** [cutting Mrs. Greene off] Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're [[Friends-词汇总表#gal\|gal]] pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon. [they go in the bathroom]

**Monica:** Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.

**Chandler:** Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do?

**Joey:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#peek\|peeks]] back out] Ok, now that your [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#safely\|safely]] in the bedr-, [sees that the coast is clear] oh, ok we can come back out in the living room.

**Monica:** So uh, Joey and Chanlder, I, I think it's time that you take Dr. Greene over to your place.

**Chandler:** Uhh, yes, absdolutely, um. Why again?

**Monica:** Because that's where the party is you [[Friends-词汇总表#goon\|goon]]. See this is just the [[Friends-词汇总表#stag\|staging]] area.

**Joey:** Right this is [[Friends-词汇总表#stag\|staging]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, this more than anything else, is the [[Friends-词汇总表#stag\|staging]] area.

**Joey:** [as they're walking out, Dr. Greene [[Friends-词汇总表#questioningly\|questioningly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gestures]] at the Happy Birthday sign over the door] This is clearly in the wrong apartment. [they all walk across the hall]


> [!scene] Scene: Later on in the hallway between the apartments. Chandler is showing people to the parties.

**Chandler:** Alright you guys are off to party number one [[[Friends-词汇总表#usher\|ushers]] 3 guys into Monica's apartment] and you, you are off to party number two [ushers four women into his apartment. Two guys try to follow and Chandler blocks them and [[Friends-词汇总表#shoo\|shoos]] them off to Monica's apartment] Alright [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fellas]], let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.

**Monica:** Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? [[[Friends-词汇总表#buzzer\|buzzer]] goes off] Alright that's Ross.

**Chandler:** Ok, they're coming, shhh. [Runs into Monica's apartment and grabs one last girl to take to his apartment]

**Rachel:** Ohh, thank you for the wonderful dinner.

**Ross:** Thanks for being born.

**Rachel:** Ohh, thank you for my beautiul [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]], they're perfect. I love you.

**Ross:** Oh, now you can exchange them if you want, ok.

**Rachel:** Now I love you even more.


> [!scene] they kiss and Ross backs her into her apartment and turns on the lights

**All:** Surprise.

**Rachel:** Oh my [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], wow. Monica. Oh my god. Mom. This is so great.

**Mrs. Greene:** Happy birthday sweetie.

**Rachel:** Wow you, you. I had no idea.

**Ross:** Really?

**Rachel:** No, I knew.

**Ross:** All right.

**Monica:** Ok, everybody, there's food and drinks on the table. Go across the hall.

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** Right now, Joey and Chandler's, go now.

**Rachel:** Why.

**Monica:** Just go.


> [!scene] they walk across the hall

**All:** Surprise.

**Mr. Greene:** Happy birthday sweetpea.

**Rachel:** Daddy.


> [!scene] Ad break. Time lapse. Still at party at Chandler and Joey's. Rachel is talking to Chandler and Ross.

**Rachel:** Both of them are here, both of them, both of them are here?

**Chandler:** Well, we could count again.

**Rachel:** I can't believe this is happening.

**Ross:** You know what, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]], ok. This is your [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]], this is your party. I say we just put 'em all together and if they can't deal with it, who cares.

**Rachel:** I do.

**Ross:** That's who.

**Chandler:** Look, are you gonna be ok?

**Rachel:** Well, I have to be, I don't really have a choice, I mean, you know, I could look at the [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] side, I get two [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] parties and two birthday [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cakes]].

**Chandler:** Well, actually just one [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] [[Friends-词汇总表#flan\|flan]].

**Rachel:** What?

**Chandler:** It's a traditional Mexican [[Friends-词汇总表#custard\|custard]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]]...Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee.


> [!scene] Time lapse. Chandler runs out of the bathroom.

**Chandler:** Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]]. I love this party.

**Joey:** Quick [[Friends-词汇总表#volleyball\|volleyball]] question.

**Chandler:** Volleyball.

**Joey:** Yeah, we set up a court in your room. Uh, you didn't really like that [[Friends-词汇总表#grey\|grey]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]], did you?

**Chandler:** Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]], I'm not even listening to you. GIRL'S VOICE: Dennis.

**Chandler:** Ok, that's me. [runs back]

**Rachel:** Listen honey, can you keep dad [[Friends-词汇总表#occupy\|occupied]], I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.

**Ross:** Ok, do you have any ideas for any [[Friends-词汇总表#opener\|openers]]?

**Rachel:** Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.


> [!scene] Back in Monica's party

**Monica:** Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the [[Friends-词汇总表#marker\|markers]], you put the [[Friends-词汇总表#cap\|caps]] back on them because they will [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] out.


> [!scene] Back in Chandler and Joey's party

**Ross:** Hi Dr. Greene. So, uh, how's everything in the uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#vascular\|vascular]] surgery....game?

**Mr. Greene:** It's not a game Ross, a woman died on my table today.

**Ross:** I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaurs]] on my table are already dead.


> [!scene] Back in Monica's party

**Monica:** Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#cap\|caps]] until you hear them click.


> [!scene] she demonstrates, Gunther starts to walk to the door] Gunther, where're you going?

**Gunther:** I um, was [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] thinking about maybe...

**Monica:** No. No you can't go. No this is fun. Come on we're just getting started. Here, here's your [[Friends-词汇总表#marker\|marker]].

**Phoebe:** Listen if you wanna go, just go.

**Gunter:** No, she'll [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] at me again.

**Phoebe:** Alright, I can get you out.

**Gunther:** What?

**Phoebe:** Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a [[Friends-词汇总表#diversion\|diversion]]. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look back.


> [!scene] Back at Chandler and Joey's party

**Mr. Greene:** I think I need a drink.

**Ross:** Oh, here, I, I'll get it for ya. Whad'ya want?

**Mr. Greene:** Scotch.

**Ross:** Scotch. Alright, I'll be back in 10 seconds with your [[Friends-词汇总表#scotch\|scotch]] on the rocks in a glass.

**Mr. Greene:** Neat.

**Ross:** Cool.

**Mr. Greene:** No no no, no no no, neat, as in no rocks.

**Ross:** I know.


> [!scene] Back at Monica's party

**Mr. Greene:** Oh hello Ross, where have you been?

**Ross:** Hi. Uh, I have been in the bathroom. Stay clear of the [[Friends-词汇总表#salmon\|salmon]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mousse\|mousse]].

**Mrs. Greene:** Oh, scotch neat. Ya know, that's Rachel's father's drink.

**Ross:** Oh, mine too. Isn't that [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]], [[Friends-词汇总表#scotch\|scotch]] neat. Would you excuse me? [walks out in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]], Mr. Greene is walking out of Chandler and Joey's apartment] Hey, hey, where you uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#sneakin\|sneakin]] off to [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]]?

**Mr. Greene:** I'm getting my cigarettes out of my jacket.

**Ross:** No. no.

**Mr. Greene:** Whad'ya mean no?

**Ross:** No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the [[Friends-词汇总表#stag\|staging]] area. If you go in there, it'll [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#illusion\|illusion]] of the party. Yeah, I think you take your [[Friends-词汇总表#scotch\|scotch]] back in there and I will get your [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]] for you [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Mr. Greene:** Get my glasses too.

**Ross:** All [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]] roo. [closes the door] What a great moment to say that for the first time. [goes to get the [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]] and glasses]

**Monica:** Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.

**Phoebe:** Oh no, ooh, ooh, did somebody forget to use a [[Friends-词汇总表#coaster\|coaster]]?

**Monica:** What? [she runs over to where Phoebe is, Phoebe signals for Gunther to go] I don't see anything.

**Phoebe:** Great, I'm seeing water rings again.

**Mrs. Geller:** Ross, whose glasses are those?

**Ross:** Mine.

**Mrs. Greene:** You wear bi-focals?

**Ross:** Um-hmm. [puts them on] I have a condition, apparently, that I require two different sets of focals.

**Mrs. Greene:** Did you know my husband has glasses just like that?

**Rachel:** Well those are very popular frames.

**Ross:** Neil Sedaka wears them.

**Guy:** [to Phoebe] I hear you can get people out of here.

**Mrs. Greene:** Rachel, you didn't tell me your boyfriend smoked.

**Rachel:** Yeah, like a [[Friends-词汇总表#chimney\|chimney]].

**Ross:** Ohh, big [[Friends-词汇总表#smoker\|smoker]]. [Packs the [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|flings]] one on Mrs. Greene in the process. Finally gets one in his [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] and it look really out of place] Big big smoker. In fact I'm gonna go ou into the [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] and fire up this bad boy. [as he walks into the hall, he comes face to face with Mr. Greene]

**Mr. Greene:** Are you wearing my glasses?

**Ross:** Yes. [pulls them off and hands them to Mr. Greene] I was just [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warming]] up the [[Friends-词汇总表#earpiece\|earpieces]] for you.

**Mr. Greene:** Thank you. Is that one of my cigarettes?

**Ross:** [pulls the [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] off his upper [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] and hands it to Mr. Greene] Yeah, yes it is, I was just [[Friends-词汇总表#moisten\|moistening]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]].


> [!scene] Back in Monica's party. Phoebe is talking to a guy and two girls at the party.

**Phoebe:** Ok, ok, she's taking the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back any minute. GIRL 1: What about my friend Victor?

**Phoebe:** No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get [[Friends-词汇总表#suspicious\|suspicious]]. GIRL 1: Alright, let me just get my [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]].

**Phoebe:** There isn't time. You must leave everything. They'll take care of you next door. GIRL 1: Is it true they have [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]?

**Phoebe:** Everything you've heard is true.


> [!scene] Back at Chandler and Joey's party. Everyone is dancing and having fun.

**Monica:** Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle [[Friends-词汇总表#tournament\|tournament]].


> [!scene] Chandler and Joey stop dancing and laugh at her

**Monica:** You, and you, you're supposed to be at my party. And Gunther! What are you doing here?

**Gunther:** Um [[[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gestures]] to dance floor]

**Phoebe:** [enters with the three people she got out] Ok, welcome to the fu-oh.

**Monica:** Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] to have a little fun. Go.

**Monica:** Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#quieter\|quieter]], less [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] fun but, you know, if people would just give it a chance... [[[Friends-词汇总表#volleyball\|volleyball]] hits her in the head from behind]


> [!scene] Back at Monica's party

**Rachel:** You want me to see a [[Friends-词汇总表#therapist\|therapist]]?

**Mrs. Greene:** Sweetheart, you obviously have a problem. You've chosen a boyfriend exactly like your father.

**Rachel:** Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing.


> [!scene] Chandler and Joey's party

**Mr. Greene:** Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.

**Rachel:** Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff.


> [!scene] Monica's party

**Mrs. Greene:** You work and you work and you work at a marriage but all he cares about is his stupid boat.


> [!scene] Chandler and Joey's party

**Mr. Greene:** You work and you work and you work on a boat...

**Mrs. Greene:** He always ridiculed my pottery classs...

**Mr. Greene:** ...and you sand it and you varnish it...

**Mrs. Greene:** ...but when all is said and done, he still drinks out of the mugs.

**Mr. Greene:** ...and her yoga and her Bridges of Madison County...

**Mrs. Greene:** ...the scotch and the cigarettes...

**Mr. Greene:** ...and the bansai's and the chiuaua...

**Mrs. Greene:** ...I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now dear but...

**Mr. Greene:** ...what the hell does she want with half a boat...


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway after the party. Rachel is sitting there.

**Chandler:** [running out of his apartment after a girl] Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. [sits down [[Friends-词汇总表#beside\|beside]] Rachel] Hey, how you holdin' up there, [[Friends-词汇总表#tiger\|tiger]]? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#champ\|champs]], chiefs, sports, I even got a [[Friends-词汇总表#governor\|governor]].

**Rachel:** This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some [[Friends-词汇总表#condo\|condo]] my sister's gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorate]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#wicker\|wicker]]. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?

**Chandler:** Well, I [[Friends-词汇总表#rely\|relied]] on a [[Friends-词汇总表#carefully\|carefully]] [[Friends-词汇总表#regiment\|regimented]] program of [[Friends-词汇总表#denial\|denial]] and, and [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wetting]] the bed.

**Rachel:** Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] of July.

**Chandler:** Becasue it [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminded]] you of the way our [[Friends-词汇总表#forefather\|forefathers]] used to bitch at each other?

**Rachel:** It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the [[Friends-词汇总表#firework\|fireworks]]. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]]. It never [[Friends-词汇总表#occur\|occured]] to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...

**Chandler:** I, I know. [Hugs her. Ross walks out and Chandler puts her in his [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]].]


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's party. She is seeing off the last of the guests.

**Monica:** Ok, thanks for coming, I hope you guys had fun.

**Mrs. Greene:** Alright, Monica dear, I'm gonna hit the road. Now I've left my 10 verbs on the table. And you be sure and send me that finished poem.

**Monica:** Ok will do. So glad you came.

**Mrs. Greene:** I think I saw Rachel out in the hall.

**Monica:** Ok, let me go check. Your mom want's to say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]].

**Rachel:** Oh ok.

**Mrs. Greene:** Happy birthday sweetie.

**Rachel:** Ok.


> [!scene] Mr. Greene opens the door to Chandler and Joeys apartment. Ross sees him and runs to the door forcing him back in then holds onto the door knob.

**Joey:** Ahh, you drive safe.

**Mrs. Greene:** Ross, what're you doing.

**Ross:** I'm getting ready for the water [[Friends-词汇总表#ski\|skiing]]. [Mr. Greene opens the door which pulls Ross in] How are you doing?

**Chandler:** Well, uh, Dr. Greene, where are you going?

**Mr. Greene:** To get my coat.

**Guys:** No no no.

**Mr. Greene:** Alright, alright, I can get my own coat.


> [!scene] the guys form a wall between Mrs Geller and Mr Geller and dance across the hall as he walks across

**Chandler:** Sorry, we're on a major [[Friends-词汇总表#flan\|flan]] high.

**Phoebe:** Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the [[Friends-词汇总表#stag\|staging]] area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. [opens the door, the guys are right there] Or perhaps you'd like a [[Friends-词汇总表#creme\|creme]] d'menthe.

**Mr. Greene:** I have to be heading to my chateau, thank you.

**Phoebe:** Oh all right, then I guess we're going back into the [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]].

**Joey:** Thanks for coming Mrs. Greene. [grabs her and kisses her to [[Friends-词汇总表#distract\|distract]] her. She goes [[Friends-词汇总表#limp\|limp]] in his [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]]. Mr. Greene [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]].] Well, ok, you take care.

**Mrs. Greene:** Oh, you kids [she caresses his face and chest] Well, this is the best party I've been to in years.

**Monica:** Thank you.


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Close up of the flan on the table with birthday candles.

**Monica:** Ok everybody, it's time for [[Friends-词汇总表#flan\|flan]].

**Chandler:** Yup, get ready for the gelatenous fun.

**Joey:** Kinda looks like that stuff you get when you get a bad [[Friends-词汇总表#infection\|infection]].

**Monica:** Ok, that's enough.

**Phoebe:** Ok Rachel, make a special [[Friends-词汇总表#flan\|flan]] wish.

**Rachel:** Ok, I've got one. [blows out the [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]]. Somebody calls out 'heads up' and the [[Friends-词汇总表#volleyball\|volleyball]] lands in the [[Friends-词汇总表#flan\|flan]]] Wow, those things almost never come true.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 9 | 308 | 105 | *So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 8 | 254 | 104 | *[as they're walking out, Dr. Greene questioningly gestures at the Happy Birthday sign over the door]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 5 | 296 | 85 | *[answers the door] Dr. Greene. Oh my God it's Rachel's dad. What're you doing here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 4 | 99 | 67 | *No, no, not a party. Just a surprise gathering of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 3 | 84 | 58 | *Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *Hey I liked her, alright. Maybe, maybe too much. I don't know I guess I just got scared.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobod* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 3 | 181 | 87 | *Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobod* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 3 | 133 | 83 | *[cutting Mrs. Greene off] Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 3 | 82 | 60 | *Yes. [pulls them off and hands them to Mr. Greene] I was just warming up the earpieces for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 2 | 71 | 58 | *Cause she uh, she steals stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Agh, it was the graduation from hell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *So what happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, yes, absdolutely, um. Why again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 2 | 86 | 66 | *Ok, they're coming, shhh. [Runs into Monica's apartment and grabs one last girl to take to his apart* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 2 | 112 | 87 | *Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? [walks out in the hallway, Mr. Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 2 | 64 | 50 | *Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and a* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Hey I liked her, alright. Maybe, maybe too much. I don't know I guess I just got scared.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Chinese menu guy. Forgot the menus.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Ohh, thank you for the wonderful dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Ohh, thank you for the wonderful dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Ok, everybody, there's food and drinks on the table. Go across the hall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Um-hmm. [puts them on] I have a condition, apparently, that I require two different sets of focals.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Neil Sedaka wears them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom alway* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom alway* |

### 常用词（56）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 11 | 152 | 44 | *So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]] | /'kændl/ | n. 蜡烛 | n. stick of wax with a wick in the middle | 3 | 33 | 22 | *So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want* |
| woah |  | [网络] 哇；哇哦；原谅的错却不能重来过 |  | 3 | 55 | 12 | *Woah, woah, woah, uh, no Shannon Cooper.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] | /'hɔ:lwei/ | n. 门厅；玄关；走廊 | n. an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open | 3 | 17 | 15 | *Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? [walks out in the hallway, Mr. Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] | /.sigә'ret/ | n. 香烟, 纸烟 | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | 3 | 27 | 16 | *No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salmon\|salmon]] | /'sæmәn/ | n. 鲑鱼, 大麻哈鱼 | n. any of various large food and game fishes of northern waters; usually migrate | 2 | 21 | 12 | *So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 2 | 37 | 27 | *Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 2 | 67 | 29 | *Ok, here are the birthday candles. Where's the birthday cake?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 2 | 70 | 43 | *This isn't your first surprise party, is it sir?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 2 | 53 | 31 | *[peeks back out] Ok, now that your coat is safely in the bedr-, [sees that the coast is clear] oh, o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] | /'dʒestʃә/ | n. 手势, 姿态 | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling | 2 | 15 | 14 | *[as they're walking out, Dr. Greene questioningly gestures at the Happy Birthday sign over the door]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] | /θrәut/ | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音 | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 2 | 16 | 14 | *Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] | /'sɔ:tә/ | adv. 有几分地 |  | 2 | 20 | 15 | *I um, was sorta thinking about maybe...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] | /ni:t/ | a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的 | s. clean or organized | 2 | 15 | 13 | *Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? [walks out in the hallway, Mr. Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 2 | 48 | 35 | *I, I know. [Hugs her. Ross walks out and Chandler puts her in his arms.]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *Really. Why can't we just get some pizzas and get some beers and have fun?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Really. Why can't we just get some pizzas and get some beers and have fun?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See [squ* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See [squ* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] | /klaun/ | n. 小丑, 乡下人 | n. a rude or vulgar fool | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Wow, it's, it's like porno for clowns. OPENING TITLES* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *I talked to Rachel's sisters, neither of them can come.* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 1 | 204 | 33 | *Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 1 | 29 | 19 | *Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 1 | 52 | 35 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *No no, the father can, but um, since I am the roommate I can tell you that she's not here and I'll p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gather]] | /'gæðә/ | n. 集合, 聚集 | n. sewing consisting of small folds or puckers made by pulling tight a thread in | 1 | 14 | 14 | *No, no, not a party. Just a surprise gathering of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 25 | 22 | *So, basically just a Chinese guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Uh, hey, Dr. Greene, why don't you come with me, we'll put your jacket on Rachel's bed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Alright you guys are off to party number one [ushers 3 guys into Monica's apartment] and you, you ar* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Ok, they're coming, shhh. [Runs into Monica's apartment and grabs one last girl to take to his apart* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Oh my gosh, wow. Monica. Oh my god. Mom. This is so great.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *You know what, this is ridiculous, ok. This is your birthday, this is your party. I say we just put * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] | /brait/ | a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的 | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Well, I have to be, I don't really have a choice, I mean, you know, I could look at the bright side,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 1 | 23 | 13 | *Yeah, we set up a court in your room. Uh, you didn't really like that grey lamp, did you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 1 | 57 | 29 | *Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *No, she'll yell at me again.* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a diversion. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? [walks out in the hallway, Mr. Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *Ohh, big smoker. [Packs the cigarettes and flings one on Mrs. Greene in the process. Finally gets on* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *Yes. [pulls them off and hands them to Mr. Greene] I was just warming up the earpieces for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *[pulls the cigarette off his upper lip and hands it to Mr. Greene] Yeah, yes it is, I was just moist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 1 | 33 | 24 | *[pulls the cigarette off his upper lip and hands it to Mr. Greene] Yeah, yes it is, I was just moist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 1 | 24 | 19 | *Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they de* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] | /'ɒbviәs/ | a. 明显的, 明白的, 显然的, 平淡无奇的 | a. easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 1 | 98 | 17 | *This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] | /wet/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天 | v. cause to become wet | 1 | 26 | 25 | *Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | num. 第四, 四分之一 | n. following the third position; number four in a countable series | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom alway* |

### 低频词（89）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greene\|greene]] |  | n. 格林（姓氏） | n. English novelist and Catholic (1904-1991) | 15 | 15 | 1 | *[answers the door] Dr. Greene. Oh my God it's Rachel's dad. What're you doing here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flan\|flan]] | /flæn, flɑ:n/ | n. 果子或果酱露馅饼 | n. open pastry filled with fruit or custard | 6 | 9 | 3 | *Ok, we're not having birthday cake, we're having birthday flan.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stag\|stag]] | /stæg/ | n. 牡鹿, 男性社交晚会 | n. adult male deer | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Because that's where the party is you goon. See this is just the staging area.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#volleyball\|volleyball]] | /'vɒlibɒ:l/ | n. 排球 | n. a game in which two teams hit an inflated ball over a high net using their ha | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Quick volleyball question.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scotch\|scotch]] | /skɔtʃ/ | n. 苏格兰人, 苏格兰语, 刻痕 | n. whiskey distilled in Scotland; especially whiskey made from malted barley in  | 4 | 7 | 4 | *Scotch. Alright, I'll be back in 10 seconds with your scotch on the rocks in a glass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poach\|poach]] | /pәutʃ/ | vt. 水煮(蛋), 偷猎, 侵入, 窃取 | v. hunt illegally | 2 | 2 | 1 | *So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honk\|honk]] | /hɒŋk/ | n. 雁鸣, 汽车的喇叭声 | n. the cry of a goose (or any sound resembling this) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See [squ* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shannon\|shannon]] |  | [计] 香农 | n. United States electrical engineer who pioneered mathematical communication th | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooper\|cooper]] | /'ku:pә/ | n. 制桶工人 | n. United States industrialist who built the first American locomotive; founded  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mexican\|mexican]] | /'meksikәn/ | n. 墨西哥人, 墨西哥语 | n. a native or inhabitant of Mexico | 2 | 5 | 4 | *It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#custard\|custard]] | /'kʌstәd/ | n. 蛋奶糕 | n. sweetened mixture of milk and eggs baked or boiled or frozen | 2 | 8 | 3 | *It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]] | /di'zә:t/ | n. 餐后甜点 | n. a dish served as the last course of a meal | 2 | 21 | 9 | *It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#usher\|usher]] | /'ʌʃә/ | n. 引座员, 招待员 | n. an official stationed at the entrance of a courtroom or legislative chamber | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Alright you guys are off to party number one [ushers 3 guys into Monica's apartment] and you, you ar* |
| movin |  | [网络] 移动平均线 |  | 2 | 12 | 8 | *Alright you guys are off to party number one [ushers 3 guys into Monica's apartment] and you, you ar* |
| dennis | /'denis/ | n. 丹尼斯（男子名） |  | 2 | 7 | 2 | *Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge * |
| tounge |  | [网络] 舌头；指的是舌头 |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge * |
| embarassing |  | [网络] 丢脸；尴尬的；感到尴尬的 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cap\|cap]] | /kæp/ | n. 盖子, 帽子 | n. a tight-fitting headdress | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoker\|smoker]] | /'smәukә/ | n. 吸烟者, 吸烟的人, 吸烟车厢, (美)(非正式)蒸汽火车头 | n. a person who smokes tobacco | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Ohh, big smoker. [Packs the cigarettes and flings one on Mrs. Greene in the process. Finally gets on* |
| becasue |  | [网络] 因为 |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#firework\|firework]] |  | n. 烟火具, 烟火, 烟火信号弹, 焰火, 激情的表现 | n. (usually plural) a device with an explosive that burns at a low rate and with | 2 | 2 | 1 | *It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom alway* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lace\|lace]] | /leis/ | n. 饰带, 花边, 缎带, 鞋带 | n. a cord that is drawn through eyelets or around hooks in order to draw togethe | 1 | 6 | 5 | *So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tablecloth\|tablecloth]] | /'teiblklɒθ/ | n. 台布 | n. a covering spread over a dining table | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beneath\|beneath]] | /bi'ni:θ/ | prep. 在...下方 | r in or to a place that is lower | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See [squ* |
| dillon | /'dilәn/ | n. 狄龙（姓氏） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.* |
| agh |  | abbr. 赫尔辛堡（瑞典一城市, Helsingborg） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Agh, it was the graduation from hell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#graduation\|graduation]] | /.grædʒu'eiʃәn/ | n. 毕业, 得学位, 分划, 刻度, 分等级 | n. the successful completion of a program of study | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Agh, it was the graduation from hell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scholarship\|scholarship]] | /'skɒlәʃip/ | n. 学问, 学术成就, 奖学金 | n. financial aid provided to a student on the basis of academic merit | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joyous\|joyous]] | /'dʒɒiәs/ | a. 快乐的, 高兴的 | a. full of or characterized by joy | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobod* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]] | /ә'keiʒәn/ | n. 场合, 时机, 机会, 诱因, 理由 | n. reason | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobod* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#testament\|testament]] | /'testәmәnt/ | n. 遗嘱, <<圣约书>> | n. a profession of belief | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobod* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celica\|celica]] |  | n. 赛利卡（日本丰田汽车） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobod* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stadium\|stadium]] | /'steidiәm/ | n. 露天大型运动场 | n. a large structure for open-air sports or entertainments | 1 | 2 | 2 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proudly\|proudly]] | /'praudli/ | adv. 傲慢地, 自大地, 得意洋洋地 | r. with pride; in a proud manner | 1 | 3 | 3 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commencement\|commencement]] | /kә'mensmәnt/ | n. 开始, 毕业典礼 | n. an academic exercise in which diplomas are conferred | 1 | 1 | 1 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bishop\|bishop]] | /'biʃәp/ | n. 主教, (国际象棋中的)象, 热果子酒 | n. a senior member of the Christian clergy having spiritual and administrative a | 1 | 1 | 1 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tutu\|tutu]] | /'tu:tu:/ | n. (芭蕾舞女演员用)短裙 | n. South African prelate and leader of the antiapartheid struggle (born in 1931) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shush\|shush]] | /ʃʌʃ/ | interj. 嘘 | v. silence (someone) by uttering `shush!' | 1 | 4 | 3 | *My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] | /baut/ | n. 一回, 回合, 较量 | n. a period of illness | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Well, how bout just her mom?* |
| stacy |  | n. 史黛西（女子名）；斯特西（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh, ooh, did you ask Stacy Roth?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roth\|roth]] |  | n. 罗斯（姓氏） | n. United States writer whose novels portray middle-class Jewish life (born in 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh, ooh, did you ask Stacy Roth?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goo\|goo]] | /gu:/ | n. 粘性物, 过分多情 | n any thick, viscous matter | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh that's nice. Happy birthday Rachel, here's some goo.* |
| sandra |  | n. 桑德拉（女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Sandra, I am so sorry, I thought you were Rachel and we just weren't ready for you yet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gal\|gal]] | /^æl/ | [化] 伽(重力加速度单位,等于1厘米/秒,2) | n. a unit of gravitational acceleration equal to one centimeter per second per s | 1 | 9 | 5 | *[cutting Mrs. Greene off] Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, * |
| chrissy |  | 克丽茜（人名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peek\|peek]] | /pi:k/ | vi. 偷看, 窥视 | n. a secret look | 1 | 8 | 5 | *[peeks back out] Ok, now that your coat is safely in the bedr-, [sees that the coast is clear] oh, o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#safely\|safely]] | /'seifli/ | adv. 安全地, 确实地 | r. with safety; in a safe manner | 1 | 5 | 5 | *[peeks back out] Ok, now that your coat is safely in the bedr-, [sees that the coast is clear] oh, o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goon\|goon]] | /gu:n/ | n. 受雇暴徒, 愚笨者, 呆子 | n an awkward stupid person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Because that's where the party is you goon. See this is just the staging area.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#questioningly\|questioningly]] | /'kwestʃәniŋli/ | adv. 质问地, 疑惑地 | r. in a curious and questioning manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[as they're walking out, Dr. Greene questioningly gestures at the Happy Birthday sign over the door]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoo\|shoo]] | /ʃu:/ | interj. 嘘(赶鸟时所发声音) | v drive away by crying `shoo!' | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Alright you guys are off to party number one [ushers 3 guys into Monica's apartment] and you, you ar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buzzer\|buzzer]] | /'bʌzә/ | n. 嗡嗡作声的东西, 蜂音器 | n. a signaling device that makes a buzzing sound | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? [buzzer goes off] Alright that's Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earring]] | /'iәriŋ/ | n. 耳环, 耳饰 | n. jewelry to ornament the ear; usually clipped to the earlobe or fastened throu | 1 | 20 | 9 | *Ohh, thank you for my beautiul earrings, they're perfect. I love you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grey\|grey]] | /grei/ | n. 灰色 | n. United States writer of western adventure novels (1875-1939) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, we set up a court in your room. Uh, you didn't really like that grey lamp, did you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occupy\|occupy]] | /'ɒkjupai/ | vt. 占领, 占(时间、空间等), 住进, 担任, 使从事, 使全神贯注 | v. live (in a certain place) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opener\|opener]] | /'әupәnә/ | n. 开...的人, 开局人, 开创人, 开具, 开启工具, 首项 | n. the first event in a series | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marker\|marker]] | /'mɑ:kә/ | n. 作记号的人, 记分员, 书签, 纪念碑, 里程碑, 标识物, 标记 | n. some conspicuous object used to distinguish or mark something | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vascular\|vascular]] | /'væskjulә/ | a. 血管的, 维管的 | a. of or relating to or having vessels that conduct and circulate fluids | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi Dr. Greene. So, uh, how's everything in the uh, vascular surgery....game?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diversion\|diversion]] | /dai'vә:ʒәn/ | n. 转移 | n. an activity that diverts or amuses or stimulates | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a diversion. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mousse\|mousse]] | /mu:s/ | n. 奶油冻 | n. a rich, frothy, creamy dessert made with whipped egg whites and heavy cream | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Hi. Uh, I have been in the bathroom. Stay clear of the salmon mousse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneakin\|sneakin]] |  | v. 潜入 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? [walks out in the hallway, Mr. Gree* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#illusion\|illusion]] | /i'lju:ʒәn/ | n. 幻影, 错觉, 幻想 | n. an erroneous mental representation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]] | /'raiti/ | n. 右派, 保守派 |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All righty roo. [closes the door] What a great moment to say that for the first time. [goes to get t* |
| roo | /ru:/ | n. [动]袋鼠 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All righty roo. [closes the door] What a great moment to say that for the first time. [goes to get t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coaster\|coaster]] | /'kәustә/ | n. 沿海航行者/贸易者, 沿海航船, 带轮银盘, 杯托, (酒瓶)垫子 | n. a resident of a coastal area | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh no, ooh, ooh, did somebody forget to use a coaster?* |
| neil |  | n. 尼尔（男子名） |  | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Neil Sedaka wears them.* |
| sedaka |  | [网络] 达卡；达卡村；孙霸人的舍达卡市 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Neil Sedaka wears them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chimney\|chimney]] | /'tʃimni/ | n. 烟囱, 灯罩 | n. a vertical flue that provides a path through which smoke from a fire is carri | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, like a chimney.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]] | /fliŋ/ | n. 投掷, 急冲, 嘲弄 | n. the act of flinging | 1 | 13 | 7 | *Ohh, big smoker. [Packs the cigarettes and flings one on Mrs. Greene in the process. Finally gets on* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earpiece\|earpiece]] | /'iәpi:s/ | n. 耳机, 护耳片, 眼镜脚, 头戴式耳机 | n electro-acoustic transducer for converting electric signals into sounds; it is | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes. [pulls them off and hands them to Mr. Greene] I was just warming up the earpieces for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moisten\|moisten]] | /'mɒisәn/ | vt. 弄湿 | v. make moist | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[pulls the cigarette off his upper lip and hands it to Mr. Greene] Yeah, yes it is, I was just moist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#victor\|victor]] | /'viktә/ | n. 胜利者 | n. a combatant who is able to defeat rivals | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suspicious\|suspicious]] | /sә'spiʃәs/ | a. 可疑的, 多疑的, 怀疑的 | s openly distrustful and unwilling to confide | 1 | 4 | 2 | *No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get suspicious. GIRL 1: Alright, let me jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boggle\|boggle]] | /'bɒgl/ | vi. 犹豫, 踌躇, 吃惊, 搪塞 | v. startle with amazement or fear | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle tournament.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tournament\|tournament]] | /'tә:nәmәnt/ | n. 比赛, 竞赛, 锦标赛, 联赛 | n. a sporting competition in which contestants play a series of games to decide  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle tournament.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quieter\|quieter]] | /'kwaiәtә/ | n. 消音装置；消声器 | a characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#therapist\|therapist]] | /'θerәpist/ | n. 治疗学家 | n. a person skilled in a particular type of therapy | 1 | 5 | 4 | *You want me to see a therapist?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beside\|beside]] | /bi'said/ | prep. 在旁边 | n. At the side of; on one side of. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[running out of his apartment after a girl] Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be ski* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#holdin\|holdin]] |  | [人名] 霍尔丁 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[running out of his apartment after a girl] Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be ski* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiger\|tiger]] | /'taigә/ | n. 老虎, 虎, 凶暴的人 | n. a fierce or audacious person | 1 | 8 | 8 | *[running out of his apartment after a girl] Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be ski* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champ\|champ]] | /tʃæmp/ | v. 大声地嚼, 格格地咬 | v. chafe at the bit, like horses | 1 | 4 | 4 | *[running out of his apartment after a girl] Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be ski* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#governor\|governor]] | /'gʌvәnә/ | n. (美)州长, (英)总督, 统治者, 管理者, 理事 | n. the head of a state government | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[running out of his apartment after a girl] Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be ski* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condo\|condo]] | /kәn'dәu/ | n. 共同统治, 共管下的政府, 共管, 多层公寓大楼, 由个人占用的一套公寓房间 | n one of the dwelling units in a condominium | 1 | 2 | 2 | *This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorate]] | /'dekәreit/ | v. 装饰 | v. make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc. | 1 | 9 | 8 | *This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wicker\|wicker]] | /'wikә/ | n. 柳条 | n. slender flexible branches or twigs (especially of willow or some canes); used | 1 | 3 | 3 | *This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rely\|rely]] | /ri'lai/ | vi. 信赖, 依赖, 信任 | v have confidence or faith in | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carefully\|carefully]] | /'kєәfuli/ | adv. 小心地, 谨慎地 | r. taking care or paying attention | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regiment\|regiment]] | /'redʒimәnt/ | n. （军队）团, 大量（人或物） | n. army unit smaller than a division | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#denial\|denial]] | /di'naiәl/ | n. 否认 | n. the act of refusing to comply (as with a request) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forefather\|forefather]] | /'fɒ:fɑ:ðә/ | n. 祖先 | n. the founder of a family | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?* |
