---
season: 2
episode: "18"
title: "The One Where Dr. Remore Dies"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E18 — The One Where Dr. Remore Dies


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Everyone except Ross is there watching Days of Our Lives.

**Amber:** Oh Drake.

**Dr. Remore:** I'm sorry Amber. It's just like Brad to have to have the last word.


> [!scene] Ross enters

**Ross:** I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?

**Monica:** We, we just wanna see the end.

**Amber:** I want you Drake.

**Dr. Remore:** I know you do but you and I can never be together that way.

**Amber:** What?

**Dr. Remore:** There's something I never told you Amber. I'm actually your half- brother.


> [!scene] Everyone gasps. The show ends.

**Rachel:** So what happens next?

**Joey:** Well, I get the medical award for separating the [[Friends-词汇总表#siamese\|siamese]] [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twins]]. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#emerald\|emerald]]. It's really big but it's [[Friends-词汇总表#curse\|cursed]].

**Chandler:** God that is good TV. OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Chandler is at the foosball table trying to get Phoebe to play a game with him.

**Chandler:** Phoebs, play with meeee.

**Phoebe:** No. This game is [[Friends-词汇总表#grotesque\|grotesque]]. Twenty [[Friends-词汇总表#armless\|armless]] guys joined at the [[Friends-词汇总表#waist\|waist]] by a steel bar, forced to play [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]. Ahh, hello, human-rights [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]].

**Chandler:** Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.

**Phoebe:** Why don't you play with your [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]?

**Chandler:** Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]].

**Phoebe:** Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?

**Chandler:** No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.

**Phoebe:** Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's [[Friends-词汇总表#remedy\|remedy]] that, shall we?

**Chandler:** We don't need to [[Friends-词汇总表#remedy\|remedy]] that.

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah, it'll be fun. [throws a [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] ball at Eddie's [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] door]

**Eddie:** What was that?

**Phoebe:** Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]] and got to know each other.

**Eddie:** Yeah alright, that sounds alright.

**Phoebe:** Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]]. Have fun bye.

**Chandler:** That was so [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]].

**Phoebe:** I know, yeah. Ok, talk to him. [[[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]

**Chandler:** So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] er?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Chandler and Eddie are talking.

**Eddie:** That's good, that's good. So, so, so who broke up with who?

**Chandler:** What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.

**Eddie:** That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...

**Chandler:** Well it's not Sean Penn.

**Eddie:** Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these [[Friends-词汇总表#pancake\|pancakes]], there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was [[Friends-词汇总表#literally\|literally]] like she had reached into my [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]], [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|ripped]] out my heart, and [[Friends-词汇总表#smear\|smeared]] it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible [[Friends-词汇总表#abyss\|abyss]], ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. [finishes laughing] That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe is singing. Monica, Richard, Ross, and Rachel are listening.

**Phoebe:** And a [[Friends-词汇总表#crusty\|crusty]] old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]] played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.

**Richard:** Phoebe's got another job, right?

**Rachel:** Great set tonight Phoebs.

**Phoebe:** I know.

**Ross:** Well, we should probably get going.

**Richard:** Um, we should go too, I got patients at 8 in the [[Friends-词汇总表#moring\|moring]].

**Monica:** Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.

**Richard:** I don't know, I don't have my [[Friends-词汇总表#jammies\|jammies]].

**Monica:** Well, maybe you don't need them.

**Ross:** My baby sister, ladies and [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]].

**Monica:** Shut up, I'm happy.

**Phoebe:** Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.

**Richard:** Oh, thank you Phoebs. That's very sweet.

**Phoebe:** Ok.

**Richard:** Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.

**Monica:** Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.

**Rachel:** Phoebe's dead.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Chandler is there. There's a knock at the door. He answers it to see a young woman holding a fishtank.

**Tilly:** Hi.

**Chandler:** Hi.

**Tilly:** I'm looking for Eddie Minowick.

**Chandler:** Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a [[Friends-词汇总表#fishtank\|fishtank]]?

**Tilly:** Thanks.

**Chandler:** Oh, oh, c'mon in.

**Tilly:** I'm Tilly.

**Chandler:** Oh.

**Tilly:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gather]] by that oh that he told you about me.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] that [[Friends-词汇总表#terrify\|terrified]] me to my very soul.

**Tilly:** He's kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] huh?

**Chandler:** Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...

**Eddie:** [walks around corner] A little what?

**Chandler:** Bit country? C'mon in here you [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]].

**Eddie:** Hello Tilly.

**Tilly:** Eddie, I just came by to drop off your [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]].

**Eddie:** That's very [[Friends-词汇总表#thoughtful\|thoughtful]] of you. It's very thougtful.

**Tilly:** Well, ok then. I'm gonna go. Bye.

**Eddie:** Bye-bye.

**Chandler:** Bye.


> [!scene] Tilly leaves

**Chandler:** So, we gettin' a fish?

**Eddie:** You had sex with her didn't you?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Joey enters with several magazines and runs up to Phoebe.

**Joey:** Phoebs, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out.

**Phoebe:** Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite [[Friends-词汇总表#digest\|digests]].

**Joey:** Page 42, page 42, page 42.

**Phoebe:** Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new [[Friends-词汇总表#doc\|doc]] on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.

**Joey:** Ooh, I look good.

**Phoebe:** Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?

**Joey:** Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]]? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'

**Phoebe:** Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writers]] are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?

**Joey:** Huh? Never really thought about the [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writers]]. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?


> [!scene] Scene: At a writer's desk. The writer is working on a script for Days of Our Lives.

**Writer:** Makes up most of his lines. Son-of-a-. Yeah, well, write this jerkweed.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. The next script is being delivered.

**Joey:** I fall down an [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shaft\|shaft]]? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft? DELIVERY GUY: Uhh, I don't know, I just bring the scripts.

**Joey:** They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son. DELIVERY GUY: Right. Could you sign this?

**Joey:** No. No way, I'm not signing that. DELIVERY GUY: I don't think that's gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#plot\|plot]] of the show.

**Joey:** How can they do this to me? DELIVERY GUY: Er, uh, I'm just gonna go. Sorry.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica, Richard, Ross, and Rachel are returning.

**Monica:** Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small [[Friends-词汇总表#percentage\|percentage]].

**Rachel:** Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]].

**Ross:** G'night.

**Richard:** Night Richard. Good luck Mon.

**Monica:** Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.

**Richard:** Two.

**Monica:** Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?

**Richard:** Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]], now you, that's two.

**Monica:** Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]]. [goes in the bathroom]

**Richard:** Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a [[Friends-词汇总表#ballpark\|ballpark]].

**Monica:** Ok, it is definitely less than a [[Friends-词汇总表#ballpark\|ballpark]].


> [!scene] Rachel's bedroom

**Rachel:** Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.

**Ross:** Tell me about it. So what, what's your magic number?

**Rachel:** Uhhhooo.

**Ross:** C'mon, you know everyone I've been with. All, both of them.

**Rachel:** Well, there's you.

**Ross:** Better not be doin' these in order.

**Rachel:** Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.

**Ross:** Oh yes, the [[Friends-词汇总表#weenie\|weenie]] from Torrini.

**Rachel:** Oh honey, are you [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] with you than I ever was with him.

**Ross:** Really?

**Rachel:** Oh please. That Paolo thing was [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningless\|meaningless]] animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment.

**Chandler:** Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.

**Eddie:** That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.

**Chandler:** This is [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]]. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]], and left, end of story.

**Eddie:** Where's Buddy?

**Chandler:** Buddy?

**Eddie:** My fish, Buddy.

**Chandler:** There was no fish when she dropped it off.

**Eddie:** Oh, this is, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you [[Friends-词汇总表#insult\|insult]] my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?

**Chandler:** Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie...[puts his hand on Eddie's [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]]] Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon? [picks up the [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] an [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|tosses]] it to Eddie, it hits Eddie in the [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] and falls]


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Richard are in Monica's bedroom.

**Richard:** That's it? That's the [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] number you were afraid to tell me?

**Monica:** Well yeah.

**Richard:** Well, that's not bad at all. I mean, you had me [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] it was like a [[Friends-词汇总表#fleet\|fleet]].

**Monica:** You really ok with it?

**Richard:** Oh honey, I'm fine.

**Monica:** Oh, yay. Ok about that two.

**Richard:** What? Alright, what about my two?

**Monica:** Well, it just seems like a really small number.

**Richard:** Right, and...

**Monica:** And, well, don't you have a lot of wild [[Friends-词汇总表#oat\|oats]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#sew\|sew]]? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?

**Richard:** Honey, you are not an [[Friends-词汇总表#oat\|oat]]. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.

**Monica:** But you've only slept with two people.

**Richard:** Right.

**Monica:** Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.

**Richard:** Now I do. [they kiss and fall to the bed]


> [!scene] Ross and Rachel are in Rachel's bedroom

**Rachel:** Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.

**Ross:** Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little [[Friends-词汇总表#romp\|romp]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#sack\|sack]] and I'll just stand in the corner and tell [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]]-knock jokes.

**Rachel:** God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...

**Ross:** Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like [[Friends-词汇总表#chipmunk\|chipmunk]] sex?

**Rachel:** Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.

**Ross:** Knock-[[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]].

**Rachel:** But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have [[Friends-词汇总表#tenderness\|tenderness]], we have [[Friends-词汇总表#intimacy\|intimacy]], we connect. Ya know, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]], this is the best I have ever had.

**Ross:** Until now. [jumps on Rachel on the bed]


> [!scene] later in the bathroom Monica is looking in the drawer, Rachel runs up

**Rachel:** Oh, hi.

**Monica:** Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.

**Rachel:** Oh my God, honey that's great.

**Monica:** I know. I just can't find...

**Rachel:** Oh they're in the top [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]]. Hurry.

**Monica:** You need one too?

**Rachel:** Ooooh yeah.


> [!scene] they pull out the box of condoms but there's only one left

**Monica:** There's only one.

**Richard:** Monica.

**Monica:** Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] something. [[[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shuts]] the bathroom door]

**Ross:** [comes out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]] Rachel. [[[Friends-词汇总表#growl\|growls]] then sees Richard standing there] Hey.

**Richard:** Hey. They're just trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] somehting.

**Ross:** Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]], did, used to be different?

**Richard:** No.

**Ross:** Oh. How do you uh, ya know, keep it so [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]]?

**Richard:** I have a little [[Friends-词汇总表#comb\|comb]].

**Ross:** Oh. And what do you call that?

**Richard:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]] [[Friends-词汇总表#comb\|comb]].

**Rachel:** Ok, I, I will do your [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] for one month.

**Monica:** No.

**Rachel:** Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.

**Monica:** Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the [[Friends-词汇总表#dustpan\|dustpan]].

**Rachel:** Agghhh.

**Ross:** So were you in Nam?

**Rachel:** Rock-paper-[[Friends-词汇总表#scissor\|scissors]]?

**Monica:** Yeah. RACHEL and MONICA: One two three. [Rachel picks rock, Monica picks [[Friends-词汇总表#scissor\|scissors]]]

**Rachel:** Yeesss.

**Monica:** Fine, go have sex.

**Richard:** No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]], John Voit was coming home, couldn't feel his legs.

**Ross:** No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...

**Rachel:** Honey.

**Ross:** What, what oh....[Ross and Rachel go into her room]

**Richard:** Shall we?

**Monica:** It's not gonna happen. They're doing it tonight, we can do it tomorrow.

**Richard:** Uh, in the future, if I could see the schedule [[Friends-词汇总表#beforehand\|beforehand]]...


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. All but Joey are present.

**Chandler:** So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the [[Friends-词汇总表#insole\|insoles]] out of my [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]].

**Monica:** Why?

**Chandler:** Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish.

**Phoebe:** Why would you kill his fish?

**Chandler:** Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.

**Rachel:** Chandler honey, I'm sorry. Ok, can we watch Joey's show now please? [they turn on the TV]

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Wait, he's not here yet.

**Rachel:** So, he's on the show, he knows what happens.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Alright.

**Chandler:** Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way.

**Rachel:** Oh good.

**Dr. Remore:** Amber, I want you to know that I'll always be there for you, as a friend and as your brother.

**Amber:** Oh Drake. DR HORTON: Hard day huh? First the medical award, this.

**Dr. Remore:** Some guys are just lucky I guess.

**Intercom:** Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, [[Friends-词汇总表#stat\|stat]].

**Dr. Remore:** Well then, uh, I uhh, guess that's me. Anyone else need to go on the elevator? Dr. Horton, Dr. Wong?

**Dr. Horton:** No, no, they only said you.

**Dr. Remore:** Oh, ok. Alright.

**Amger:** I love you Drake.

**Dr. Remore:** Yeah, whatever. Oh no.

**Amber:** Drake, look out.

**Dr. Remore:** Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

**Monica:** Did they just kill off Joey?

**Ross:** No. [sound of Dr. Remore's body hitting the bottom of the [[Friends-词汇总表#shaft\|shaft]]] Now maybe.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Everyone is outside knocking.

**Ross:** C'mon.

**Rachel:** Joey.

**Ross:** Open up. We want to talk to you.

**Joey:** I don't feel like [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]].

**Rachel:** Oh c'mon Joey, we care about you.

**Chandler:** We're worried about you.

**Monica:** And some of us really have to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]].


> [!scene] Joey opens the door

**Monica:** Sorry Joey [runs to the bathroom]

**Joey:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Listen, sorry about your death, that really sucks.

**Chandler:** We came over as soon as we saw.

**Ross:** How could you not tell us?

**Joey:** I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.

**Rachel:** Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.

**Joey:** Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so [[Friends-词汇总表#smash\|smashed]] in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#irony\|irony]] or somethin.

**Phoebe:** But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]].

**Joey:** Phoebe, this was the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] thing that ever happened to me.

**Phoebe:** Yes, I was going to [[Friends-词汇总表#incorporate\|incorporate]] that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.

**Monica:** Um, I [[Friends-词汇总表#straighten\|straightened]] out your shower [[Friends-词汇总表#curtain\|curtain]] so you won't get [[Friends-词汇总表#mildew\|mildew]]. What? To me that's nice.

**Chandler:** It's gonna be ok. You know that?

**Joey:** No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- [[Friends-词汇总表#approve\|approved]]. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.

**Chandler:** I'm sorry man.

**Rachel:** Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-[[Friends-词汇总表#approve\|approved]] with us.

**Joey:** No, that means [[Friends-词汇总表#nothin\|nothin]] to me.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment.Chandler walks in to see Eddie holding a tray of cookies.

**Chandler:** Uhhhaahh.

**Eddie:** Pecan [[Friends-词汇总表#sandy\|sandy]], just made em.

**Chandler:** Yeah alright. What're these, [[Friends-词汇总表#raisin\|raisins]]?

**Eddie:** Uh, sure, why not.

**Chandler:** [throws it across the room while Eddie's not looking] Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]]?

**Eddie:** I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.

**Chandler:** [looks in the fish [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] to see a fish [[Friends-词汇总表#cracker\|cracker]]] Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a [[Friends-词汇总表#goldfish\|goldfish]] cracker.

**Eddie:** What's you point man?

**Chandler:** Ok, good night. [walks towards his room] You big freak of nature.


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment.


> [!scene] Ross comes out of Rachel's bedroom in her bathrobe and heads for the bathroom. On his way back, Richard comes out of Monica's bedroom in her bathrobe.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Richard:** Hey.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Richard:** Ohh, [[Friends-词汇总表#brisk\|brisk]] tonight.

**Ross:** Oh man.

**Richard:** Let's never speak of this.

**Ross:** You got it.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（41）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 6 | 142 | 105 | *They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son. DELIVERY GUY: Right. Could you sign this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 4 | 217 | 129 | *That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 3 | 133 | 83 | *Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth. [goes in the bathroom]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 2 | 156 | 115 | *Oh yeah, it'll be fun. [throws a tennis ball at Eddie's bedroom door]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 2 | 130 | 71 | *Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 2 | 92 | 56 | *Better not be doin' these in order.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 2 | 87 | 69 | *Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft? DELIVERY* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft? DELIVERY* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Night Richard. Good luck Mon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweeth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only sle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Now I do. [they kiss and fall to the bed]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *We're worried about you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Listen, sorry about your death, that really sucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that co* |

### 常用词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 5 | 58 | 20 | *Oh Drake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 2 | 64 | 45 | *Oh yeah, it'll be fun. [throws a tennis ball at Eddie's bedroom door]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] | /tʃest/ | n. 胸, 胸部, 衣柜, 箱子 | n. box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy | 2 | 14 | 12 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] | /tæŋk/ | n. 槽, 箱, 柜, 罐, 池塘, 储水池, 坦克 | n. an enclosed armored military vehicle; has a cannon and moves on caterpillar t | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Eddie, I just came by to drop off your tank.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 2 | 46 | 26 | *Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] | /'ɒpәrә/ | n. 歌剧 | n. a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and a | 2 | 24 | 14 | *Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 2 | 15 | 12 | *I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft? DELIVERY* |
| woah |  | [网络] 哇；哇哦；原谅的错却不能重来过 |  | 2 | 55 | 12 | *Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 2 | 64 | 44 | *Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something. [shuts the bathroom door]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 2 | 58 | 39 | *No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home* |
| somethin |  | [网络] 事端；情书 |  | 2 | 16 | 12 | *Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 59 | 24 | *Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *Why don't you play with your roommate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] | /'fuzbɔl/ | n. 桌上足球 |  | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each o* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 1 | 52 | 35 | *Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1 | 38 | 20 | *Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] | /leim/ | a. 跛足的, 僵痛的, 不完全的, 金属薄板, 不知内情的人 | n. a fabric interwoven with threads of metal | 1 | 16 | 13 | *That was so lame.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] | /rip/ | n. 裂痕, 破绽, 拉裂, 浪子, 巨浪 | n. an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] | /spi:tʃ/ | n. 演讲, 说话, 谈话, 言语, 引语, 民族语言 | n. (language) communication by word of mouth | 1 | 45 | 22 | *Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Mon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gather]] | /'gæðә/ | n. 集合, 聚集 | n. sewing consisting of small folds or puckers made by pulling tight a thread in | 1 | 14 | 14 | *I gather by that oh that he told you about me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] | /in'tens/ | a. 非常的, 强烈的, 紧张的, 热情的 | a. possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree | 1 | 14 | 14 | *He's kind of intense huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *So, we gettin' a fish?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] | /'æksidәnt/ | n. 意外事件, 机遇, 事故, 次要方面 | n. an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweeth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] | /brʌʃ/ | n. 刷子, 毛笔, 争吵 | n. a dense growth of bushes | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth. [goes in the bathroom]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1 | 24 | 17 | *Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth. [goes in the bathroom]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie...[puts his hand on Eddie's shoulder] Would you look at what* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 1 | 23 | 14 | *Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie...[puts his hand on Eddie's shoulder] Would you look at what* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|toss]] | /tɒs/ | n. 投掷, 抛, 摇摆, 震荡, 掷钱币决定 | n. an abrupt movement | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie...[puts his hand on Eddie's shoulder] Would you look at what* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] | /'dʒaiәnt/ | n. 巨人, 大力士, 巨大怪物 | n. any creature of exceptional size | 1 | 36 | 27 | *That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Well, that's not bad at all. I mean, you had me thinkin it was like a fleet.* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Oh, yay. Ok about that two.* |
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 1 | 165 | 26 | *Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing betw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Oh they're in the top drawer. Hurry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Oh they're in the top drawer. Hurry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] | /ni:t/ | a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的 | s. clean or organized | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Oh. How do you uh, ya know, keep it so neat?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] | /'lɒ:ndri/ | n. 洗衣店, 洗好的衣服, 洗涤 | n. garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering | 1 | 32 | 12 | *Ok, I, I will do your laundry for one month.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *I don't feel like talkin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *And some of us really have to pee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Phoebe, this was the greatest thing that ever happened to me.* |

### 低频词（85）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| eddie | /'edi/ | n. 埃迪（男子名） |  | 11 | 27 | 4 | *Oh yeah, it'll be fun. [throws a tennis ball at Eddie's bedroom door]* |
| paolo | /'pɑ:ɔ:lɔ:/ | n. 保罗（男子名） | n. An old Italian silver coin, worth about ten cents. | 6 | 38 | 7 | *Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.* |
| sean | /ʃɔ:n/ | n. 肖恩（男子名） | n. A seine. See Seine. | 3 | 5 | 3 | *What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cam* |
| penn | /pen/ | abbr. 宾夕法尼亚大学（Pennsylvania） | n. Englishman and Quaker who founded the colony of Pennsylvania (1644-1718) | 3 | 3 | 1 | *What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cam* |
| tilly | /'tili/ | n. 蒂莉(Mathilda 的昵称,亦作 Tillie)(f.) |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writer]] | /'raitә/ | n. 作家, 撰稿者, 抄写员 | n. writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay) | 3 | 12 | 9 | *Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shaft\|shaft]] | /ʃæft/ | n. 轴, 箭杆, 矛, 矿井 | n. a line that forms the length of an arrow pointer | 3 | 7 | 4 | *I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft? DELIVERY* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oat\|oat]] | /әut/ | n. 燕麦, 燕麦田 | n. annual grass of Europe and North Africa; grains used as food and fodder (refe | 3 | 2 | 2 | *And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remedy\|remedy]] | /'remidi/ | n. 药物, 治疗法, 治疗, 补救, 赔偿 | n. a medicine or therapy that cures disease or relieve pain | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cambodia\|cambodia]] | /kæm'bәudiә/ | n. 柬埔寨 | n. a nation in southeastern Asia; was part of Indochina under French rule until  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pancake\|pancake]] | /'pænkeik/ | n. 薄烤饼, 薄煎饼, 烙饼 | n. a flat cake of thin batter fried on both sides on a griddle | 2 | 11 | 6 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ballpark\|ballpark]] | /'bɔl.pɑ:k/ | n. （美）棒球场；活动领域；可变通范围 | n. a facility in which ball games are played (especially baseball games) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]] | /'mʌstæʃ/ | n. 髭, 小胡子, 触须 | n an unshaved growth of hair on the upper lip | 2 | 16 | 7 | *Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your moustache, did, used to be different?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comb\|comb]] | /kәum/ | n. 头梳, 鸡冠 | n. a flat device with narrow pointed teeth on one edge; disentangles or arranges | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I have a little comb.* |
| voit |  | abbr. voiture (French=railroad coach, truck, wagon, etc. ) （ |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home* |
| remore |  | [网络] 远端机房 |  | 2 | 8 | 2 | *Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, stat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cracker\|cracker]] | /'krækә/ | n. 饼干, 爆竹 | n. a thin crisp wafer made of flour and water with or without leavening and shor | 2 | 9 | 8 | *[looks in the fish bowl to see a fish cracker] Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#siamese\|siamese]] | /saiә'mi:z, 'saiә-/ | a. 暹罗的, 非常相似的 | n. an inlet with two or more couplings to which a hose can be attached so that f | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amber\|amber]] | /'æmbә/ | n. 琥珀, 琥珀色 | n. a deep yellow color | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#venezuela\|venezuela]] | /,vene'zweilә/ | n. 委内瑞拉 | n. a republic in northern South America on the Caribbean; achieved independence  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ramone\|ramone]] |  | n. (Ramone)人名；(意)拉莫内 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emerald\|emerald]] | /'emәrәld/ | n. 翡翠, 绿宝石, 翠绿色 | n. a green transparent form of beryl; highly valued as a gemstone | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curse\|curse]] | /kә:s/ | n. 咒骂, 诅咒 | n. profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grotesque\|grotesque]] | /grәu'tesk/ | n. 奇异风格, 怪异图案 | n. art characterized by an incongruous mixture of parts of humans and animals in | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#armless\|armless]] | /'ɑ:mlis/ | a. 无臂的, 无扶手的, 无武器的 | a. having no arms | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waist\|waist]] | /weist/ | n. 腰部, 腰 | n. the narrowing of the body between the ribs and hips | 1 | 8 | 7 | *No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] | /'sɒkә/ | n. 英式足球 | n. a football game in which two teams of 11 players try to kick or head a ball i | 1 | 10 | 9 | *No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]] | /.vaiә'leiʃәn/ | n. 违反, 违背, 妨碍 | n. an act that disregards an agreement or a right | 1 | 6 | 6 | *No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] | /'tenis/ | n. 网球 | n. a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back and for | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Oh yeah, it'll be fun. [throws a tennis ball at Eddie's bedroom door]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ham\|ham]] | /hæm/ | n. 火腿, 后腿, 笨拙演员 | n. meat cut from the thigh of a hog (usually smoked) | 1 | 9 | 5 | *Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#racer\|racer]] | /'reisә/ | n. 比赛者, 游蛇属黑蛇 | n. someone who drives racing cars at high speeds | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#literally\|literally]] | /'litәrәli/ | adv. 逐字地, 按照字面上地, 不夸张地 | r. in a literal sense | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smear\|smear]] | /smiә/ | vt. 涂, 擦上, 玷污, 把...擦模糊 | n. slanderous defamation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abyss\|abyss]] | /ә'bis/ | n. 深渊, 深邃, 地狱 | n. a bottomless gulf or pit; any unfathomable (or apparently unfathomable) cavit | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crusty\|crusty]] | /'krʌsti/ | a. 有硬皮的, 易怒的 | s. brusque and surly and forbidding | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] | /ræt/ | n. 鼠, 卑鄙的人, 破坏者, 变节者 | n. any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse | 1 | 20 | 9 | *And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moring\|moring]] |  | [人名] [英格兰人姓氏] 莫林 Moore↑『2，3』的昵称 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Um, we should go too, I got patients at 8 in the moring.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jammies\|jammies]] | /'dʒæmɪs/ | n. <口>睡衣裤 | n (usually plural) loose-fitting nightclothes worn for sleeping or lounging; hav | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don't know, I don't have my jammies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fishtank\|fishtank]] |  | n. 鱼槽 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrify\|terrify]] | /'terifai/ | vt. 使恐惧, 恐吓 | v. fill with terror; frighten greatly | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]] | /'ru:mi/ | n. 住在同室的人 | n an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Bit country? C'mon in here you roomie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thoughtful\|thoughtful]] | /'θɒ:tful/ | a. 深思的, 体贴的 | s. having intellectual depth | 1 | 5 | 5 | *That's very thoughtful of you. It's very thougtful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#digest\|digest]] | /di'dʒest/ | n. 文摘 | n. a periodical that summarizes the news | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doc\|doc]] |  | [计] 通信部, 数字输出控制, 文档 | n a licensed medical practitioner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.* |
| alex |  | [计] 开放网络文件系统 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the s* |
| jerkweed |  | [网络] erk草 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Makes up most of his lines. Son-of-a-. Yeah, well, write this jerkweed.* |
| francesca | /fræn'seskә, -'tʃeskә/ | n. 弗朗西斯卡（女名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son. DELIVERY GUY: Right. Could you sign this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] | /ә'fekt/ | vt. 影响, 感动, 假装, 模仿, 爱好, 倾向于 | n. the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion | 1 | 11 | 9 | *No. No way, I'm not signing that. DELIVERY GUY: I don't think that's gonna affect the plot of the sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plot\|plot]] | /plɒt/ | n. 小块土地, 地区图, 图, 阴谋, 情节 | n. a secret scheme to do something (especially something underhand or illegal) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No. No way, I'm not signing that. DELIVERY GUY: I don't think that's gonna affect the plot of the sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#percentage\|percentage]] | /pә'sentidʒ/ | n. 百分比, 比率, 部分, 可能性 | n. a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]] | /'kjuәriәs/ | a. 好奇的, 求知的, 古怪的 | s. beyond or deviating from the usual or expected | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.* |
| barbara | /'bɑ:bәrә/ | n. 芭芭拉（女子名） | n. The first word in certain mnemonic lines which represent | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweeth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#billy\|billy]] | /'bili/ | n. 警棍, 伙伴 | n. male goat | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.* |
| carney | /'kɑ:ni/ | v. 哄骗 | n. A disease of horses, in which the mouth is so furred that | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weenie\|weenie]] | /'wi:ni/ | a. 微小的, 细小的 | n a smooth-textured sausage of minced beef or pork usually smoked; often served  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.* |
| torrini |  | [网络] 铎利尼；瑞尼珠宝；托利尼 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] |  | a. 更快乐的, 更幸福的 | a enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningless\|meaningless]] | /'mi:niŋlis/ | a. 无意义的 | a. having no meaning or direction or purpose | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningl* |
| soooo |  | [网络] 所以 |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insult\|insult]] | /'insʌlt/ | n. 侮辱, 无礼, 损害 | n. a deliberately offensive act or something producing the effect of deliberate  | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fleet\|fleet]] | /fli:t/ | n. 舰队, 港湾, 小河 | n. group of aircraft operating together under the same ownership | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, that's not bad at all. I mean, you had me thinkin it was like a fleet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sew\|sew]] | /sәu/ | vt. 缝纫, 缝合, 缝 | v. fasten by sewing; do needlework | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God* |
| paulo |  | n. 保罗（男子名） |  | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romp\|romp]] | /rɒmp/ | n. 喧闹游玩, 顽皮女孩 | v. run easily and fairly fast | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sack\|sack]] | /sæk/ | n. 麻布袋, 洗劫 | n. a bag made of paper or plastic for holding customer's purchases | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chipmunk\|chipmunk]] | /'tʃipmʌŋk/ | n. 金花鼠 | n. a burrowing ground squirrel of western America and Asia; has cheek pouches an | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing betw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tenderness\|tenderness]] | /'tendәnis/ | n. 柔软, 亲切, 柔和, 敏感, 易触痛 | n. a tendency to express warm and affectionate feeling | 1 | 1 | 1 | *But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intimacy\|intimacy]] | /'intimәsi/ | n. 亲密, 熟悉, 亲昵行为(言语) | n close or warm friendship | 1 | 3 | 3 | *But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya* |
| ooooh |  | [网络] 哦；喔；喔喔喔 |  | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Ooooh yeah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] | /ʃʌʃ/ | n. 关闭 | a. not open | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something. [shuts the bathroom door]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#growl\|growl]] | /graul/ | n. 吠声, 咆哮声 | n. the sound of growling (as made by animals) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[comes out of the bedroom] Rachel. [growls then sees Richard standing there] Hey.* |
| somehting |  | [网络] 一点成绩 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey. They're just trying to decide somehting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dustpan\|dustpan]] | /'dʌstpæn/ | n. 畚箕 | n. the quantity that a dustpan will hold | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.* |
| nam | /nɑ:m/ | 全国制造商协会(美国) | Am not. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So were you in Nam?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scissor\|scissor]] | /'sizә/ | vt. 剪, 剪取, 删除, 削减 | v. cut with or as if with scissors | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Rock-paper-scissors?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#savage\|savage]] | /'sævidʒ/ | a. 未开化的, 野蛮的, 无礼的, 残酷的, 原始的, 粗鲁的, 未开发的 | n. a member of an uncivilized people | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home* |
| deerhunter |  | [网络] 猎鹿人；猎鹿人乐队 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beforehand\|beforehand]] | /bi'fɒ:hænd/ | adv. 预先 | s being ahead of time or need | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh, in the future, if I could see the schedule beforehand...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insole\|insole]] | /'insәul/ | n. 鞋内底, 鞋垫 | n. the inner sole of a shoe or boot where the foot rests | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horton\|horton]] |  | n. 荷顿奇遇记（美国喜剧动画电影名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh Drake. DR HORTON: Hard day huh? First the medical award, this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stat\|stat]] | /stæt/ | [电] 静 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, stat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hopin\|hopin]] |  | [地名] [缅甸] 和平 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.* |
| naa |  | 全国航空协会(美国) |  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smash\|smash]] | /smæʃ/ | n. 打碎, 粉碎, 打碎时哗啦声, 猛击, 扣球, 杀球, 经营失败, 破产, 硬币, 假硬币 | n. a serious collision (especially of motor vehicles) | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irony\|irony]] | /'aiәrәni/ | n. 反语, 讽刺, 具有讽刺意味的事 | n. incongruity between what might be expected and what actually occurs | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that co* |
