---
season: 2
episode: "17"
title: "The One Where Eddie Moves In"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E17 — The One Where Eddie Moves In


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's new apartment. Everyone but Chandler is there. Joey has decorated the place with tons of tacky stuff.

**Joey:** Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorated]] it myself.

**Ross:** Get out.

**All:** No.

**Monica:** [looking at some kind of glass [[Friends-词汇总表#sculpture\|sculpture]] thing] Wow Joey, this is, uhh...

**Joey:** Art.

**Monica:** Art it is.

**Ross:** [looking at a glass table with a [[Friends-词汇总表#panther\|panther]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]] base] Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]].

**Rachel:** [holding a [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] made out of 4 inch red [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]]] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this [[Friends-词汇总表#genuine\|genuine]] Muppet skin?

**Phoebe:** [looking at a water [[Friends-词汇总表#sculpture\|sculpture]] that looks like a window with [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] running down it] Hey, excellent, excellent water-table thing.

**Joey:** Thanks, yeah. I love this but ya know what, it makes me wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah, well me too, yeah. I think that's the challenge.

**Joey:** Hey, how come, uhh, Chandler didn't come?

**Ross:** Well uh, it's cause he had a thing with, wi-, with the thing.

**Joey:** Right, I go-, I got it.

**Phoebe:** So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?

**Joey:** Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. [leads them to the bathroom, [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gestures]] towards [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]], everyone [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stares]], [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomprehending\|uncomprehending]]] Heh?

**Rachel:** Hey, nice [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]].

**Joey:** No no no, behind it.

**Ross:** Wha-, you have a phone in here?

**Joey:** That's right, I have a phone in here.

**Monica:** Joey, promise me something.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Never call me from that phone. OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Chandler, and Ross are seated. Rachel is walking over with coffee and a piece of pie.


> [!scene] Someone bumps into Rachel and she drops the pie in a guy's hood that's seated at the table. She improvises by using the plate as a saucer for the coffee.

**Rachel:** OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]], someone just got the last piece.


> [!scene] Phoebe enters

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discovered]].

**Chandler:** Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.

**Phoebe:** Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.

**All:** OK.

**Phoebe:** OK. I just met this [[Friends-词汇总表#producer\|producer]] of this like, [[Friends-词汇总表#teeny\|teeny]] record company, who said that I have a very fresh, [[Friends-词汇总表#offbeat\|offbeat]] sound and she wants to do a [[Friends-词汇总表#demo\|demo]] of Smelly Cat.

**All:** [congradulating her and [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrating]]]

**Phoebe:** I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.

**All:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrating]] more]

**Phoebe:** I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album.


> [!scene] everyone is quiet, unsure if she's done or not

**Phoebe:** I'm done now.

**All:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrating]]]


> [!scene] the guy with the pie in his hood get up to leave

**Rachel:** Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] out of the man's [[Friends-词汇总表#hood\|hood]].

**Ross:** Get the what?

**Rachel:** Pie in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hood\|hood]], [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] in the hood. Go.


> [!scene] Ross goes over behind the guy and grabs the pie out of his hood as he leaves

**Guy:** What're you doing?

**Ross:** I'm sorry, my [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] was, was in your [[Friends-词汇总表#hood\|hood]]. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7. [[[Friends-词汇总表#swat\|swats]] at an [[Friends-词汇总表#imaginary\|imaginary]] [[Friends-词汇总表#insect\|insect]] by his head, guy [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] [[Friends-词汇总表#promptly\|promptly]]]


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica is outside the bathroom yelling at Ross who's in the bathroom.

**Monica:** Damnit Ross, get your [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] out of the bathroom.

**Ross:** Calm down, I'm blow [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|drying]].


> [!scene] Rachel enters with laundry and starts folding

**Monica:** Blow [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|drying]] what, you have no hair.

**Rachel:** What's goin' on?

**Monica:** Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#sixteen\|sixteen]] all over again .

**Rachel:** Well, you're not [[Friends-词汇总表#sixteen\|sixteen]], you're both adults now.

**Monica:** GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!

**Rachel:** Or ya know, he's [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] and you're [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]].

**Ross:** [comes out] All yours.

**Monica:** I hope you cleaned your hair out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]].

**Ross:** [in a [[Friends-词汇总表#childish\|childish]] voice] I hope you cleaned your hair out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]].

**Monica:** Shut up.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#childish\|childish]] voice] Shut up.

**Monica:** Cut it out.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#childish\|childish]] voice] Mi-mi-mii.


> [!scene] Monica goes in the bathroom

**Rachel:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#sarcastically\|sarcastically]]] I've never wanted you more.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is sitting on the bar wearing huge dog-slippers

**Chandler:** So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [[[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeezes]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] of one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#slipper\|slippers]] and it [[Friends-词汇总表#bark\|barks]]] Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy.


> [!scene] Joey's apartment, phone rings

**Joey:** Hello.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today.

**Joey:** Oh, that's OK. You uh, you had a thing.

**Chandler:** Yeah well, I hear the place looks great.

**Joey:** Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'

**Chandler:** Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... [[Friends-词汇总表#fest\|fest]].

**Joey:** Oh, well great.

**Chandler:** Yeah I just... wanted to call and say hey.

**Joey:** Well OK then. [[[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] [[Friends-词汇总表#timer\|timer]] goes off behind Chandler] Was that the oven timer?

**Chandler:** That's right my friend. It's time for...

**Both:** Baywatch!! [both turn on TV's]

**Joey:** Oh, can you believe they gave Stephanie skin cancer?

**Chandler:** I still can't believe they promoted her to [[Friends-词汇总表#lieutenant\|lieutenant]].

**Joey:** Naa, you're just sayin' that 'cause you're in love with Yasmine Blepe.

**Chandler:** Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?

**Joey:** Hey, hey, they're runnin'

**Chandler:** See, this is the [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliance\|brilliance]] of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Joey is sitting between Monica and Phoebe.

**Monica:** But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.

**Joey:** I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.

**Phoebe:** Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?

**Joey:** You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.

**Monica:** I promise you, he would definitely want you back.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is sitting between Rachel and Ross.

**Ross:** I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.

**Chandler:** But we had one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.

**Ross:** Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorated]].

**Rachel:** Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.

**Chandler:** But...

**Ross:** No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.


> [!scene] Scene: Recording studio. Phoebe is getting ready to record Smelly Cat.

**Producer:** OK Phoebe, you ready to try one?

**Phoebe:** OK. [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat


> [!scene] back up singers start singing smelly, smelly, smelly, smelly behind her] Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?

**Producer:** They're your [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]] [[Friends-词汇总表#singer\|singers]]... beind you.

**Phoebe:** OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an [[Friends-词汇总表#aquarium\|aquarium]], ya know.

**Producer:** Alrighty. From the top.

**Phoebe:** OK. [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat


> [!scene] back up singers - smelly, smelly, smelly, really bad smelly cat, it's not your fault] OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.

**Producer:** Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.

**Phoebe:** Oh OK. So, um, the cat [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stinks]] but you love it, let's go.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Ross is on the phone.

**Ross:** No, there is no way he was a [[Friends-词汇总表#velociraptor\|velociraptor]]. No Tony, look at the [[Friends-词汇总表#cranial\|cranial]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ridge\|ridge]], OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. [Monica comes out of her room] Oh, were you takin' a [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]]?

**Monica:** I was.

**Ross:** Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. [gets the other line] Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks. [hangs up the other line] Call Joanna. [back on with Tony] Hi.

**Monica:** Did she leave a number?

**Ross:** Did you see me write one down?

**Monica:** I don't have her number, [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#munch\|munch]].

**Ross:** Well, she'll call back, don't be such a baby.

**Monica:** I'm not a baby, you're the baby.

**Ross:** Look, you wanna get off my back?

**Monica:** You wanna get out of my face?

**Ross:** Wait hold on Tony, hold on. [answers second line] Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. [gets first line] Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.

**Monica:** Give me that.

**Ross:** OK.

**Monica:** Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my [[Friends-词汇总表#diaphram\|diaphram]] at your place? Hi mom.


> [!scene] she starts throwing oranges at Ross who's looking pleased with himself


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is sitting on the bar, bouncing a ball against the door. Joey walks in right as he throws the ball and catches it.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** So uhh, how's the [[Friends-词汇总表#palace\|palace]]?

**Joey:** You know it's funny you should [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?

**Chandler:** Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.

**Eddie:** Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his [[Friends-词汇总表#moose\|moose]] hat or should I just [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|toss]] it out?

**Chandler:** Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] Eddie.

**Eddie:** Nice to meet ya.

**Joey:** Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. [grabs [[Friends-词汇总表#moose\|moose]] hat] It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?

**Eddie:** At the uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#supermarket\|supermarket]], in the uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#ethnic\|ethnic]] food section. I helped him pick out a [[Friends-词汇总表#chorizo\|chorizo]].

**Joey:** Wow.

**Chandler:** Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] room.

**Joey:** Oh, now it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] room?

**Chandler:** Well yeah, in that it's not being used and I... have it to [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]].

**Joey:** Well I uh, got what I came for. [puts on [[Friends-词汇总表#moose\|moose]] hat] I'll uh, I'll see you guys.

**Chandler:** Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' [[Friends-词汇总表#mousse\|mousse]] in your hair?

**Eddie:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]] laugh] Is this guy great or what?

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah he is. [[[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica, Rachel, and Ross are there.

**Monica:** I can't believe he has a new [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]. Who is this guy?

**Ross:** Uh, Eddie something. He just met him.

**Rachel:** It'll never last, he's just a [[Friends-词汇总表#rebound\|rebound]] [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]].


> [!scene] Pheobe enters

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**All:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.

**All:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]]]

**Phoebe:** Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. [puts the [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] in] OK.


> [!scene] The video is a very dramatic episode with an obviously dubbed voice for Phoebe. Everyone watches in disbeliefe

**Phoebe:** Oh my God.

**Ross:** I know.

**Phoebe:** I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.

**Rachel:** Pretty uhm, different huh?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I am sorry but I am [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]].


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Joey stops by. Chandler is reading the paper and Eddie is fixing eggs.

**Eddie:** Hi Joey, what's goin' on man?

**Joey:** Eddie.

**Chandler:** Morning.

**Joey:** Morning. I just uh, came by to pick up my mail. [looks for the mail on the table by the door, it's not there] Where's the mail?

**Chandler:** Oh it's uh, over there on the table.

**Joey:** You don't keep it over here on this table any more?

**Chandler:** No, Eddie likes to keep it over there.

**Eddie:** Alright, here you go my friend. Eggs a-la Eddie, huh?

**Chandler:** Oh, ooh.

**Joey:** Huh.

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** No I just uh, thought you liked your [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]] with the [[Friends-词汇总表#bread\|bread]] with the [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] in the middle, a-la me.

**Chandler:** Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#darn\|darn]] good.

**Eddie:** Well you guys, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here. See ya pals.

**Chandler:** See ya. [Eddie [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]

**Joey:** So how you two gettin' along?

**Chandler:** Oh, I couldn't be [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]].

**Joey:** Great, well, I'm happy for ya. [picks up the orange [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|carton]] and it's [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]]] Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.

**Chandler:** There's another [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|carton]] right over there.

**Joey:** Hey, this isn't about [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] anymore, alright man.

**Chandler:** Alright, so what's it about?

**Joey:** Eggs. Who's [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]] do you like better, his or mine, huh?

**Chandler:** Well I like both [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]] [[Friends-词汇总表#equally\|equally]].

**Joey:** Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]] [[Friends-词汇总表#equally\|equally]]. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.

**Chandler:** Well what's the difference? Your [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]] aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Ross and Monica are fighting over the remote.

**Monica:** I wanna watch Entertainment Tonight.

**Ross:** Tough [[Friends-词汇总表#noogies\|noogies]], we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.

**Rachel:** Would you guys stop.

**Monica:** It's my TV.

**Ross:** Wha-, oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] it.

**Monica:** Bite me.

**Rachel:** Oh my God.

**Ross:** Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.

**Monica:** Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.

**Rachel:** Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I [[Friends-词汇总表#refuse\|refuse]] to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller [[Friends-词汇总表#dimension\|dimension]] thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubble]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] because you kids are driving me crazy. [goes in the bathroom]

**Monica:** OK, what're we gonna do about this?

**Ross:** Well, I guess we could [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] Entertainment Tonight.

**Monica:** Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#jus\|jus]]-, you-, ever sin- you been here.

**Ross:** Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone [[Friends-词汇总表#ultrasonic\|ultrasonic]] again, alright.

**Monica:** I just can't stand you being here all the time.

**Ross:** Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.

**Monica:** Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?

**Ross:** Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.

**Monica:** Ross, I hated you when we were kids.

**Ross:** You hated me when we were kids?

**Monica:** Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]], yeah, I hated your [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|guts]].

**Ross:** Why did you hate me?

**Monica:** Because, you were mean to me and you, you [[Friends-词汇总表#tease\|teased]] me and you always, always got your way.

**Ross:** And that wasn't fun for you?

**Monica:** Duh-huh!

**Ross:** I can't believe you hated me.

**Monica:** Now I love you. And not just 'cause I have to.

**Ross:** Really?

**Monica:** Yeah. You're just gonna have to stop [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|pissing]] me off.

**Ross:** I can do that.

**Monica:** Then I won't have to kill you.

**Ross:** So you wanna watch uh, Entertainment Tonight?

**Monica:** Yeah, thanks. You know what?

**Ross:** What?

**Monica:** If you really want to watch that Serengetti thing, you can.

**Ross:** Ohh... OK. [changes the channel]


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Ross, Rachel, and Monica are hanging out.


> [!scene] Phoebe enters

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**All:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] on the video.

**All:** No.

**Phoebe:** Yes.

**Rachel:** Well, how did you find out?

**Phoebe:** Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] for me. That was my first [[Friends-词汇总表#clue\|clue]].

**Monica:** So what're you gonna do?

**Phoebe:** Well, I can't work with people who would do this.

**Monica:** Sure.

**Phoebe:** I mean this poor woman.

**Ross:** What woman?

**Phoebe:** The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.

**Rachel:** OK, Phoebs. But what about you?

**Phoebe:** Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] but, according to the [[Friends-词汇总表#producer\|producer]] people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like [[Friends-词汇总表#stinky\|stinky]] and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's [[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment.

**Chandler:** Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]]?

**Eddie:** No thanks man, I'm not uh, I'm not really into sports.

**Chandler:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stares]] in disbeliefe] Yeah o-, OK, alright. [[[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] [[Friends-词汇总表#timer\|timer]] goes off] Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.

**Eddie:** Y-, y-, you like that show?

**Chandler:** You don't like that show?

**Eddie:** Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.

**Chandler:** Well that's the [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliance\|brilliance]] of it. The pretty people... and the running.

**Eddie:** I tell ya, I-, I'm gonna go read in my room for a little while.

**Chandler:** Oh o-, OK man.


> [!scene] Joey's place. He's watching Baywatch, lauging. He goes to say something to Chandler in the other chair but no one's there. He goes to call Chandler but decides not to.


> [!scene] Chandler's. He's playing foosball by himself.


> [!scene] Joey's. Playing ping pong by himself.


> [!scene] All by myself is playing. Chandler is sitting in front of a window while it's raining outside. We see Joey through a rainy window. The camera zooms out to show it's just his tabletop water sculpture.


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe is performing Smelly Cat.

**Phoebe:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody.

**All:** Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, it's not your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]].

**Phoebe:** Monica.

**Monica:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sings]]] They won't take you to the [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]].

**Phoebe:** Chandler.

**Chandler:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#reluctantly\|reluctantly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sings]]] You're obviously not their favorite pet.

**Monica:** Joey.

**Joey:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sings]]] It may not be a bed of roses.

**Phoebe:** Rachel.

**Rachel:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sings]]] And you're no friend to those with [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|noses]].

**Phoebe:** Uh, Ross, those are the only lines we have, sorry. OK, you guys, once more.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 5 | 126 | 70 | *Ross, I hated you when we were kids.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 4 | 155 | 78 | *[looking at some kind of glass sculpture thing] Wow Joey, this is, uhh...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 3 | 133 | 83 | *Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. [leads them to the bathroom, gestures towards toilet, everyo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 3 | 115 | 81 | *Joey, promise me something.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 3 | 197 | 118 | *No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 2 | 60 | 56 | *Calm down, I'm blow drying.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [squeezes the ear of one of the slippers and it barks] Well* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *[comes out] All yours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *I promise you, he would definitely want you back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a vel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. [gets the other line] Hello. Oh yeah sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Wait hold on Tony, hold on. [answers second line] Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. [grabs moose hat] It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *[annoying laugh] Is this guy great or what?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Eggs. Who's eggs do you like better, his or mine, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Well, I guess we could tape Entertainment Tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Why did you hate me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Then I won't have to kill you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *[reluctantly sings] You're obviously not their favorite pet.* |

### 常用词（59）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 9 | 38 | 20 | *Alright, here you go my friend. Eggs a-la Eddie, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 7 | 44 | 22 | *Great, well, I'm happy for ya. [picks up the orange juice carton and it's empty] Alright that's it. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] | /pai/ | n. 馅饼, 财富, 总额, 贪污受贿, 杂乱, 喜鹊 | n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top | 5 | 35 | 15 | *OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece.* |
| tony | /'tәuni/ | a. 高贵的, 时髦的 | n. A simpleton. | 5 | 17 | 11 | *No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a vel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 4 | 75 | 45 | *OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 3 | 33 | 29 | *[congradulating her and celebrating]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] | /'ʌvәn/ | n. 烤箱, 灶, 子宫 | n. kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting | 3 | 23 | 16 | *Well OK then. [oven timer goes off behind Chandler] Was that the oven timer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 3 | 79 | 44 | *Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.* |
| whaddya |  |  | Short for "What do you". | 2 | 17 | 10 | *Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I decorated it myself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 2 | 28 | 22 | *[holding a pillow made out of 4 inch red fur] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Mupp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 2 | 29 | 21 | *Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. [leads them to the bathroom, gestures towards toilet, everyo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 2 | 40 | 34 | *Calm down, I'm blow drying.* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 2 | 56 | 32 | *What's goin' on?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#havin\|havin]] |  | n. (Havin)人名；(挪)哈温 |  | 2 | 12 | 10 | *Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 2 | 79 | 28 | *Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] | /'tælәntid/ | a. 天资高的, 有才能的 | a. endowed with talent or talents | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shape]] | /ʃeip/ | n. 形状, 形态, 外形, 形式, 身材 | n. any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) | 1 | 18 | 17 | *[looking at a glass table with a panther shaped base] Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *[looking at a glass table with a panther shaped base] Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 1 | 21 | 18 | *[looking at a water sculpture that looks like a window with rain running down it] Hey, excellent, ex* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *Thanks, yeah. I love this but ya know what, it makes me wanna pee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] | /'dʒestʃә/ | n. 手势, 姿态 | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. [leads them to the bathroom, gestures towards toilet, everyo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heh\|heh]] | /hei/ | n. 嗨！（表示惊异质问） |  | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. [leads them to the bathroom, gestures towards toilet, everyo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discover]] | /dis'kʌvә/ | vt. 发现, 找到, 暴露 | v. make a discovery, make a new finding | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discove* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Calm down, I'm blow drying.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]] | /glu:/ | n. 胶, 粘性物 | n. cement consisting of a sticky substance that is used as an adhesive | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 1 | 19 | 15 | *So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [squeezes the ear of one of the slippers and it barks] Well* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] | /iә/ | n. 耳朵, 倾听, 听觉, 穗 | n. the sense organ for hearing and equilibrium | 1 | 37 | 28 | *So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [squeezes the ear of one of the slippers and it barks] Well* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we firs* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#takin\|takin]] | /'tɑ:ki:n. -kin. 'tei-/ | n. 扭角羚；羚牛 | n. large heavily built goat antelope of eastern Himalayan area | 1 | 12 | 10 | *No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a vel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] | /næp/ | n. 小睡, 稍睡, 细毛, 孤注一掷 | n. a soft or fuzzy surface texture | 1 | 28 | 20 | *No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a vel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *You know it's funny you should mention that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *You know it's funny you should mention that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?* |
| chan |  | n. 通道（槽, 沟） |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|toss]] | /tɒs/ | n. 投掷, 抛, 摇摆, 震荡, 掷钱币决定 | n. an abrupt movement | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *[annoying laugh] Is this guy great or what?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *[cheer]* |
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 1 | 165 | 26 | *Pretty uhm, different huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] | /in'kredәbli/ | adv. 不能相信地 | r. not easy to believe | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bread\|bread]] | /bred/ | n. 面包, 生计, 食物 | n. food made from dough of flour or meal and usually raised with yeast or baking | 1 | 14 | 10 | *No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Well you guys, I'm outta here. See ya pals.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *So how you two gettin' along?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Great, well, I'm happy for ya. [picks up the orange juice carton and it's empty] Alright that's it. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Tough noogies, we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *Wha-, oh, quit it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Bite me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubble]] | /'bʌbl/ | n. 泡沫 | n. a hollow globule of gas (e.g., air or carbon dioxide) | 1 | 20 | 16 | *Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1 | 37 | 22 | *Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|gut]] | /gʌt/ | n. 剧情, 内容, 内脏, 肚子, 海峡, 勇气 | n. a narrow channel or strait | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|piss]] | /pis/ | vi. 小便, 下大雨, 抱怨 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Yeah. You're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, ac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] | /'fuzbɔl/ | n. 桌上足球 |  | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a bunch of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, it's not your fault.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *[sings] And you're no friend to those with noses.* |

### 低频词（76）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] | /'smeli/ | a. 发臭的, 有臭味的 | s offensively malodorous | 9 | 34 | 7 | *OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, * |
| eddie | /'edi/ | n. 埃迪（男子名） |  | 8 | 27 | 4 | *Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hood\|hood]] | /hud/ | n. 头巾, 兜帽, 覆盖, 强盗 | n. an aggressive and violent young criminal | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#childish\|childish]] | /'tʃaildiʃ/ | a. 天真的, 孩子气的 | s. indicating a lack of maturity | 3 | 4 | 2 | *[in a childish voice] I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#timer\|timer]] | /'taimә/ | n. 计时员, 计时器 | n. a timepiece that measures a time interval and signals its end | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Well OK then. [oven timer goes off behind Chandler] Was that the oven timer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yasmine\|yasmine]] |  | n. 亚斯明（女子名） |  | 3 | 7 | 4 | *Naa, you're just sayin' that 'cause you're in love with Yasmine Blepe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moose\|moose]] | /mu:s/ | n. 麋, 驼鹿 | n large northern deer with enormous flattened antlers in the male; called `elk'  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] | /spєә/ | n. 剩余, 备用品, 备件, 备用零件, 备用轮胎 | n. a score in tenpins; knocking down all ten after rolling two balls | 3 | 10 | 8 | *Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.* |
| casa | /'kɑ:sә/ | abbr. 天文学高级研究中心（Centre for Advanced Study of Astronomy）；计算机与 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I decorated it myself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorate]] | /'dekәreit/ | v. 装饰 | v. make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc. | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I decorated it myself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sculpture\|sculpture]] | /'skʌlptʃә/ | n. 雕刻, 雕塑 | n. a three-dimensional work of plastic art | 2 | 7 | 3 | *[looking at some kind of glass sculpture thing] Wow Joey, this is, uhh...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#panther\|panther]] | /'pænθә/ | n. 豹, 黑豹, 美洲豹 | n. a leopard in the black color phase | 2 | 2 | 1 | *[looking at a glass table with a panther shaped base] Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#producer\|producer]] | /prә'dju:sә/ | n. 生产者, 制作者, 制作人 | n. someone who finds financing for and supervises the making and presentation of | 2 | 7 | 6 | *OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixteen\|sixteen]] | /'siks'ti:n/ | num. 十六, 十六个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of fifteen and one | 2 | 10 | 7 | *Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]] | /drein/ | n. 排水沟, 消耗, 排水 | n. emptying something accomplished by allowing liquid to run out of it | 2 | 8 | 6 | *I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slipper\|slipper]] | /'slipә/ | n. 拖鞋, 制轮器 | n. low footwear that can be slipped on and off easily; usually worn indoors | 2 | 3 | 2 | *So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [squeezes the ear of one of the slippers and it barks] Well* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baywatch\|baywatch]] |  | 海滩游侠（电视剧名） |  | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Baywatch!! [both turn on TV's]* |
| runnin |  | [网络] 奔跑；奔跑吧；豪华版加歌 |  | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Hey, hey, they're runnin'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliance\|brilliance]] | /'briljәns/ | n. 卓越, 光辉 | n. unusual mental ability | 2 | 2 | 1 | *See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#velociraptor\|velociraptor]] | /vəˌlɒsɪˈræptə(r)/ | n. 迅猛龙（二足、肉食性的有羽毛恐龙, 能高速奔跑。电影《侏罗纪公园》系列中的重要角色） | n. small active carnivore that probably fed on protoceratops; possibly related m | 2 | 3 | 2 | *No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a vel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|carton]] | /'kɑ:tn/ | n. 硬纸盒, 纸板箱 | n. the quantity contained in a carton | 2 | 10 | 8 | *Great, well, I'm happy for ya. [picks up the orange juice carton and it's empty] Alright that's it. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#equally\|equally]] | /'i:kwәli/ | adv. 相等地, 同样地, 平等地 | r. to the same degree (often followed by `as') | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Well I like both eggs equally.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]] | /fә:/ | n. 毛皮 | n. the dressed hairy coat of a mammal | 1 | 12 | 9 | *[holding a pillow made out of 4 inch red fur] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Mupp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genuine\|genuine]] | /'dʒenjuin/ | a. 真正的, 真实的, 诚恳的 | a. not fake or counterfeit | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[holding a pillow made out of 4 inch red fur] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Mupp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muppet\|muppet]] | /'mʌpit/ | n. 提线木偶 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[holding a pillow made out of 4 inch red fur] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Mupp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomprehending\|uncomprehending]] | /ʌnkɔmpri'hendiŋ/ | a. 不了解的,不谅解的 | s. lacking understanding | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. [leads them to the bathroom, gestures towards toilet, everyo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeny\|teeny]] | /'ti:ni/ | a. 极小的, 小小的 | s (used informally) very small | 1 | 6 | 5 | *OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offbeat\|offbeat]] | /'ɒfbi:t/ | a. 不平常的, 离奇的, 不落俗套的 | n an unaccented beat (especially the last beat of a measure) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#demo\|demo]] | /'demәu/ | n. 演示, 样本唱片 | n a visual presentation showing how something works | 1 | 1 | 1 | *OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swat\|swat]] | /swɒt/ | vt. 用力打下去, 重拍 | n. a sharp blow | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imaginary\|imaginary]] | /i'mædʒinәri/ | a. 想像的, 虚构的, 假想的 | n (mathematics) a number of the form a+bi where a and b are real numbers and i i | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insect\|insect]] | /'insekt/ | n. 昆虫, 卑鄙的人 | n. small air-breathing arthropod | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promptly\|promptly]] | /'prɒmptli/ | adv. 敏捷地, 迅速地 | r. with little or no delay | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dufus\|dufus]] | /'du:fəs/ | n. =doofus |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] | /'rʌbә/ | n. 橡皮, 橡胶, 做摩擦动作的人, 按摩师, 决胜盘 | n. an elastic material obtained from the latex sap of trees (especially trees of | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sarcastically\|sarcastically]] | /sɑ:'kæstɪklɪ/ | adv. 讽刺地, 挖苦地 | r. in a sarcastic manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[sarcastically] I've never wanted you more.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bark\|bark]] | /bɑ:k/ | n. 树皮, 吠声 | n. tough protective covering of the woody stems and roots of trees and other woo | 1 | 5 | 5 | *So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [squeezes the ear of one of the slippers and it barks] Well* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fest\|fest]] |  | n. 集会；节日 | n. The fist. | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.* |
| stephanie |  | n. 斯蒂芬妮（女子名） |  | 1 | 6 | 2 | *Oh, can you believe they gave Stephanie skin cancer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lieutenant\|lieutenant]] | /lef'tenәnt/ | n. 中尉, 助理人员, 副官 | n. a commissioned military officer | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant.* |
| naa |  | 全国航空协会(美国) |  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Naa, you're just sayin' that 'cause you're in love with Yasmine Blepe.* |
| sayin |  | [网络] 宋颖颐 |  | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Naa, you're just sayin' that 'cause you're in love with Yasmine Blepe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]] | /'bækʌp/ | n. 倒车, 后退, 后援, 支持, 阻塞 | n. an accumulation caused by clogging or a stoppage | 1 | 18 | 7 | *They're your backup singers... beind you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#singer\|singer]] | /'siŋә/ | n. 歌手 | n. a person who sings | 1 | 4 | 4 | *They're your backup singers... beind you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aquarium\|aquarium]] | /ә'kwєәriәm/ | n. 水族馆, 养鱼池, 水草缸 | n. a tank or pool or bowl filled with water for keeping live fish and underwater | 1 | 2 | 2 | *OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.* |
| alrighty |  | [网络] 遵命 |  | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Alrighty. From the top.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cranial\|cranial]] | /'kreiniәl/ | a. 头盖的, 颅侧的 | a. of or relating to the cranium which encloses the brain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a vel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridge\|ridge]] | /ridʒ/ | n. 脊, 山脊, 山脉 | n. a long narrow natural elevation or striation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a vel* |
| dino | /'di:nәu/ | n. 意大利人, 流浪汉 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a vel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flintstone\|flintstone]] | /'flintstәjn/ | n. 燧石, 打火石 | n. pebbles of flint used in masonry construction | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a vel* |
| joanna | /dʒәu'ænә/ | n. 乔安娜（女子名） |  | 1 | 21 | 6 | *Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. [gets the other line] Hello. Oh yeah sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaphram\|diaphram]] |  | 隔膜，膜片 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#palace\|palace]] | /'pælis/ | n. 宫, 宫殿, 华丽大厦 | n. a large and stately mansion | 1 | 4 | 4 | *So uhh, how's the palace?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#likewise\|likewise]] | /'laikwaiz/ | adv. 同样地, 也 | r in like or similar manner | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. [grabs moose hat] It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supermarket\|supermarket]] | /'sju:pәmɑ:kit/ | n. 超级市场 | n. a large self-service grocery store selling groceries and dairy products and h | 1 | 5 | 3 | *At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ethnic\|ethnic]] | /'eθnik/ | a. 人种的, 种族的 | n. a person who is a member of an ethnic group | 1 | 2 | 2 | *At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chorizo\|chorizo]] | /tʃә:'ri:zәu/ | n. 西班牙加调料的口利左香肠 | n. a spicy Spanish pork sausage | 1 | 1 | 1 | *At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.* |
| usin |  | [网络] 乌新；五金有限公司；有身 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mousse\|mousse]] | /mu:s/ | n. 奶油冻 | n. a rich, frothy, creamy dessert made with whipped egg whites and heavy cream | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rebound\|rebound]] | /ri'baund/ | vi. 弹回, 返回, 产生事与愿违的结果 | n. a reaction to a crisis or setback or frustration | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It'll never last, he's just a rebound roommate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#darn\|darn]] | /dɑ:n/ | n. 织补 | v. repair by sewing | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] |  | a. 更快乐的, 更幸福的 | a enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh, I couldn't be happier.* |
| jonny |  | n. 乔尼（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Great, well, I'm happy for ya. [picks up the orange juice carton and it's empty] Alright that's it. * |
| movin |  | [网络] 移动平均线 |  | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Great, well, I'm happy for ya. [picks up the orange juice carton and it's empty] Alright that's it. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noogies\|noogies]] | /'nudʒi/ | n. [俚语](表示亲热、开玩笑等，用两根手指头)刮(或轻击)头(或脸) [亦作 nugie， nuggie] |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Tough noogies, we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#predator\|predator]] | /'predәtә/ | n. 食肉动物, 掠夺者 | n. any animal that lives by preying on other animals | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Tough noogies, we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.* |
| changin |  | [网络] 变；王嘉莹 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refuse\|refuse]] | /ri'fju:z/ | vt. 拒绝, 谢绝 | v. show unwillingness towards | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dimension\|dimension]] | /dai'menʃәn/ | n. 尺寸, 次元, 面积, 维数 | n. the magnitude of something in a particular direction (especially length or wi | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ultrasonic\|ultrasonic]] | /.ʌltrә'sɒnik/ | n. 超声波 | s having frequencies above those of audible sound | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.* |
| foolin |  | [网络] 刘付灵 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tease\|tease]] | /ti:z/ | n. 揶揄, 戏弄, 逗惹 | n. someone given to teasing (as by mocking or stirring curiosity) | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clue\|clue]] | /klu:/ | n. 线索, 暗示 | n. evidence that helps to solve a problem | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stinky\|stinky]] | /'stiŋki/ | a. 发恶臭的 | a having an unpleasant smell | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, ac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]] | /vet/ | n. 兽医 | v. work as a veterinarian | 1 | 10 | 8 | *[sings] They won't take you to the vet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reluctantly\|reluctantly]] | /rɪ'lʌktəntlɪ/ | adv. 不情愿地, 勉强地 | r. with reluctance | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[reluctantly sings] You're obviously not their favorite pet.* |
