---
season: 2
episode: "14"
title: "The One With the Prom Video"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E14 — The One With the Prom Video

**Note:** For this [[Friends-词汇总表#episode\|episode]], I'm using [[Friends-词汇总表#italic\|italics]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#signify\|signify]] [[Friends-词汇总表#portion\|portions]] [[Friends-词汇总表#contain\|contained]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] video.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is playing foosball by himself, Joey enters

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey. Hold on a second. [[[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoots]] a goal] Huh?

**Joey:** Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an [[Friends-词汇总表#envelope\|envelope]].

**Chandler:** What's this?

**Joey:** Eight hundred and [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Chandler:** Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?

**Joey:** Well, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#makin\|makin]] money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many [[Friends-词汇总表#slice\|slices]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] I can't even count. I love ya man.

**Chandler:** Well, thanks man. Now I can get my [[Friends-词汇总表#pony\|pony]].

**Joey:** Hey, this is a little extra somethin' for uh, ya know, always bein' there for me.


> [!scene] hands Chandler a jewelry box

**Chandler:** Wow, I don't know what to say. [opens the box and pulls out an [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gaudy\|gaudy]] gold [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]]] Wow, I, I don't know what to say.

**Joey:** Heh, what d'ya say?

**Chandler:** I don't know. It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]].

**Joey:** Isn't it? And it's [[Friends-词汇总表#engrave\|engraved]] too, check it out.

**Chandler:** [reads] To my best [[Friends-词汇总表#bud\|bud]]. [puts it back in the case] Thanks best bud.

**Joey:** Put it on.

**Chandler:** Oh, now? [puts it in his desk [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]]] No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]]. [sets a chair in front of the drawer]

**Joey:** Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything.


> [!scene] gets the bracelet from the drawer] You put this on, you're good to go. [puts the bracelet on Chandler] Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.

**Chandler:** I so am.

**Joey:** You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?

**Chandler:** Well, it'll probably [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track. OPENING TITLES


> [!scene] Scene: A kitchen somewhere. Monica is interviewing for a job

**Interviewer:** Well, this all looks good.

**Monica:** Great.

**Interviewer:** And if I want to call for a reference on your last job?

**Monica:** Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.

**Interviewer:** Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]].

**Monica:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]]? Really I, I could do something a little more [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]] if you like.

**Interviewer:** No, just a [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]] will be fine.

**Monica:** You got it.

**Interviewer:** Now, I want you to tell me what you're doing while you're doing it.

**Monica:** Alright, well I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tearing]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#lettuce\|lettuce]].

**Interviewer:** Uh-huh. Is it [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]]?

**Monica:** Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] it.

**Interviewer:** Don't, I like it [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]].

**Monica:** That's your call.

**Interviewer:** So, uh, what are you going to do next?

**Monica:** Well, I thought that I would cut up the [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomatos]].

**Interviewer:** Are they, uh, firm?

**Monica:** They'r alright.

**Interviewer:** You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?

**Monica:** No really, they're OK.

**Interviewer:** You gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#slice\|slice]] them up real nice?

**Monica:** Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.

**Interviewer:** Aaaahhhhhhh.

**Monica:** I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#outa\|outa]] here. [Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Phoebe are sitting at the couch. Ross is sitting at the table and answers the phone.

**Ross:** Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] Casey, is it like at the [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?

**Phoebe:** Oh, some guy she met at the movies.

**Ross:** Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?

**Chandler:** Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.

**Ross:** [puts the message in the [[Friends-词汇总表#cupboard\|cupboard]]] I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#takin\|takin]] messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.

**Phoebe:** Hang in there, it's gonna happen.

**Ross:** Wha, OK, now how do you know that?

**Phoebe:** Because she's your [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]].

**Chandler:** Oh, she's goin' [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]].

**Phoebe:** C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobsters]] fall in love and [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]] for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]], ya know, holding [[Friends-词汇总表#claw\|claws]] like. . .


> [!scene] Monica enters from bathroom after taking a shower

**Chandler:** Hey, you feelin' better?

**Monica:** Yeah, I think that [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] shower actually got the interview off me.

**Phoebe:** So, do you have any other [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibilities]]?

**Monica:** Oh yeah, well there's the [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] that I won't make rent.

**Ross:** Monica, if you want, I can [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] you some money.

**Monica:** No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#tense\|tense]] every time I saw you.

**Ross:** Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] it from mom and dad? You feel [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#tense\|tense]] around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.

**Chandler:** Ya know, the man's got a point. [[[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gestures]] with his [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] and the [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] falls off]

**Phoebe:** What is that [[Friends-词汇总表#sparkly\|sparkly]] thing?

**Chandler:** That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#flashy\|flashy]].

**Ross:** No no, no no, it's not [[Friends-词汇总表#flashy\|flashy]], not for a Goodfella.

**Monica:** Man, man that is [[Friends-词汇总表#sharp\|sharp]]. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica answers the door and lets her parents in. They are carrying boxes.

**Monica:** Hi.

**Mr. Geller:** Hi.

**Mrs. Geller:** Hi darling.

**Monica:** So, what's this.

**Mr. Geller:** Some of your old stuff.

**Mrs. Geller:** Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.

**Monica:** Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room?

**Mr. Geller:** Gosh, we talked about that but your brother has so many science trophies and plaques and merit badges, well we didn't want to disturb them.

**Monica:** Oh, God [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbid]].


> [!scene] Rachel enters with a laundry basket

**Mrs. Geller:** Oh, hi Rachel.

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Mrs. Geller:** Oh, we were so sorry to hear about your parents splitting up, dear.

**Rachel:** Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see.

**Mr. Geller:** Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.

**Rachel:** What, what [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]]?

**Mr. Geller:** Uhh, naa, no no no, I, I must be thinking of someone else, uh, maybe me. Don't you have some folding to do? Go fold dear. Fold. You fold. [shuffles her into her room]


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Phoebe are sitting on couches. A beautiful woman is looking at Chandler.

**Phoebe:** Do you want a [[Friends-词汇总表#refill\|refill]]?

**Chandler:** No, I'm alright, thanks.

**Phoebe:** OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|gut]], clears her [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#sniff\|sniffs]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] and then in her best male voice. . .] Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] now.

**Chandler:** [walks over to the woman] I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, [[Friends-词汇总表#founder\|founder]] of Wendy's.

**Gail:** I'm Gail.

**Chandler:** Chandler. [[[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|waves]] his [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] around, [[Friends-词汇总表#expose\|exposing]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]]]

**Gail:** I, I really have to be [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] but it was nice meeting you.

**Chandler:** What? [realizes it was the [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]]] Oh this is excellent. You know he [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman [[Friends-词汇总表#repeller\|repeller]], the [[Friends-词汇总表#eyesore\|eyesore]] from the Liberace house of [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]].

**Phoebe:** It's not that bad.

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|reject]] from the Mr. T collection. [Joey walks in behind Chandler]

**Phoebe:** Chandler, Chandler.

**Chandler:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#pity\|pity]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impressions]] over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. [Joey turns around and walks out without saying anything] That's actually good.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is talking to a man at the counter. Ross and Phoebe are sitting at the couches.

**Ross:** Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] not a [[Friends-词汇总表#geisha\|geisha]].

**Phoebe:** I think she's OK.

**Ross:** [Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]]] Look at that, look at that, see how she's [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]] him away and he won't [[Friends-词汇总表#budge\|budge]]. Alright, I'm gonna do something. [walks up in the middle of their [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]]] Excuse me, are you Rachel?

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.

**Rachel:** What are you, what are you doin'?

**Ross:** Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the [[Friends-词汇总表#grandkids\|grandkids]].

**Man:** Sure will. I've uh, gotta go. Take care.

**Ross:** OK, see ya later, nice meeting you. [man [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]] You're welcome.

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** I was saving you.

**Rachel:** Saving, saving, saving me from the [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasant\|pleasant]] [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] with the interesting man, saving me?

**Ross:** Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .

**Rachel:** OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.

**Ross:** But, you are.

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]].

**Rachel:** OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] date guy again?

**Ross:** No no, you're uh, you're my [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]]. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the [[Friends-词汇总表#claw\|claws]]. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?

**Phoebe:** Do the [[Friends-词汇总表#claw\|claws]] again.

**Ross:** Rach. OK, forget, forget the [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobsters]] OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?

**Rachel:** Ross, there is no us, OK.

**Ross:** No, but. . .

**Rachel:** No, listen to me. I [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] for you and I get [[Friends-词汇总表#clobber\|clobbered]]. You then fall for me and I again, [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]], get clobbered. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.

**Ross:** Well, but, but. . .

**Rachel:** NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.

**Ross:** E-except, except that what?

**Rachel:** No, no, ACC-cept that.

**Ross:** Oh.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is there. Joey enters.

**Chandler:** Hey man, look it's my best [[Friends-词汇总表#bud\|bud]]. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't [[Friends-词汇总表#respond\|respond]]] Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? [Throws a basketball to Joey. Joey doesn't move to catch it and the ball takes out a [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]] OK, that's my bad.

**Joey:** If you hated the [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.

**Chandler:** Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] even though I hated it say something about our [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] and how much it means to me?

**Joey:** Well, what about the fact that you [[Friends-词汇总表#insult\|insulted]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] and you made fun of me?

**Chandler:** OK, well that's the part where I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#wank\|wank]]. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to his room and [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shuts]] the door] Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . [notices the [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] is missing from his [[Friends-词汇总表#wrist\|wrist]]] wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. [he starts searching the room, [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lifting]] up the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushions]]]

**Joey:** You know what the. . . [sees Chandler on his [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knees]], holding the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushions]]]

**Chandler:** I am here, on my [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knees]], holding up these [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushions]] as a [[Friends-词汇总表#symbol\|symbol]] of my [[Friends-词汇总表#sorrow\|sorrow]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]], much like they did in [[Friends-词汇总表#biblical\|biblical]] times. Though you may haveth [[Friends-词汇总表#anger\|anger]] now. . . [Joey returns to his room]


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Mr. and Mrs. Geller are watching tennis on TV, Monica is sitting at the table

**Mr. Geller:** You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.

**Ross:** Hey guys.

**Mrs. Geller:** Hi, darling. Where's my grandson, you didn't bring him?

**Ross:** No, he's at uh, Carol's and Susan's today.

**Mr. Geller:** A woman in my office is a lesiban. I'm just saying.

**Mrs. Geller:** Oh, Jack look, there's that house paint commercial that cracks you up. [the Gellers return to watching TV and Ross goes over to Monica]

**Monica:** Where have you been?

**Ross:** Emotional hell. So, did they [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] you the money yet?

**Monica:** No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.

**Ross:** C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.

**Monica:** Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it.

**Mrs. Geller:** Why?

**Monica:** Because they made me.

**Mrs. Geller:** You were fired? What're you gonna do?

**Mr. Geller:** Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go? MONICA and ROSS: In the bank.

**Mr. Geller:** There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it. [pulls a quarter from behind her ear]

**Monica:** Anything larger back there?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Phoebe enter.

**Chandler:** I can't believe it.

**Phoebe:** Would you stop already? Get out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#bitter\|bitter]] [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] and play in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hay\|hay]].

**Chandler:** Oh, you're right I, I should play in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hay\|hay]]. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.


> [!scene] sits down at the bar

**Rachel:** [comes up from behind the bar and [[Friends-词汇总表#startle\|startles]] Chandler] Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found? [holds up Chandler's [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]]]

**Phoebe:** Hey now you have two. [Chandler looks [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoyed]]] Oh, now you have two.

**Chandler:** What am I gonna do, huh? [Joey walks in behind him]

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** How come you have two?

**Chandler:** Well this one's for you.

**Joey:** Get out.

**Chandler:** No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, [puts [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] on Joey] it's about you and me and the fact that we're [reading bracelet] best [[Friends-词汇总表#bud\|buds]].

**Joey:** Wow, is this [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]]? I think so. Check it out, we're [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] buddies.

**Chandler:** That's what they'll call us.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Ross are standing in the kitchen. Ross is filling out a check

**Ross:** Here you go, you can pay me back [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] you like.

**Monica:** You have [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] checks?

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?

**Monica:** Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.

**Phoebe:** [Standing in living room with Chandler and Joey. She pulls a huge [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bathing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] out of a box] Hey, Mon, what is this?

**Monica:** Oh, um, that was my [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bathing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] from high school. I was uh, a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] then.

**Chandler:** Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rained]].

**Joey:** [pulls out a VCR [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]]] Hey Monica, what's on this video tape?

**Monica:** Hey, you got me, put it in.

**Ross:** [Rachel enters] Oh.

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Mrs. Geller:** Over here Jack. OK. I see, Rachel's coming up the path. Oh doesn't she look pretty. Jack, get this. [Rachel enters with a huge nose]

**Rachel:** Oh my God.

**Joey:** What is with your [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]]?

**Rachel:** They had to reduce it because of, of my [[Friends-词汇总表#deviate\|deviated]] [[Friends-词汇总表#septum\|septum]].

**Chandler:** OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.

**Monica:** You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]].

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Ross:** You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.

**All:** Oh yeah we do. C'mon.

**Mrs. Geller:** Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.

**Monica:** Over here dad. [he [[Friends-词汇总表#pan\|pans]] over and we see a [[Friends-词汇总表#torso\|torso]] taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do you [[Friends-词汇总表#zoom\|zoom]] out? [zooms out and we see an [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] [[Friends-词汇总表#overweight\|overweight]] Monica eating a big [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]] There she is.

**Joey:** Some girl ate Monica.

**Monica:** Shut up, the camera adds ten [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]].

**Chandler:** Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?

**Monica:** Oh, you look so great.

**Rachel:** Ahh, so do you, beautiful. [they [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]]]

**Monica:** Oops.

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.

**Rachel:** Oh, that's OK, it's just the [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]], it's not my dress.

**Mr. Geller:** Everybody smile.

**Monica:** Oh, dad, turn it off.

**Mr. Geller:** It is off.

**Monica:** Dad, it is not. What's with the red light?

**Mr. Geller:** It's the off light. Right Ross? [pans over to see Ross with an afro and moustache]

**Joey:** Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.

**Ross:** You look pretty tonight.

**Rachel:** Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?

**Ross:** Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.

**Rachel:** [the [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulders]] of her dress keep falling off her shoulders] Is my [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unhook\|unhooked]]? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .

**Ross:** Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . . [[[Friends-词汇总表#doorbell\|doorbell]] rings]

**Rachel:** Oh, the guys are here.

**Ross:** this summer?

**Chandler:** Work on your music?


> [!scene] Ross is sitting on the stairs with a laptop keyboard playing 'Axel-F'

**Rachel:** Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik.

**Monica:** Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.

**Rachel:** Where's Chip, why isn't he here yet?

**Roy:** He'll be here OK, take a [[Friends-词汇总表#chill\|chill]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pill]]. [Chip [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pins]] Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#corsage\|corsage]] on, Monica then turns and [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whispers]] to Rachel]

**Monica:** I just told Rachel that Roy touched my [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]].

**Rachel:** I can't go to my own [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] without a date, I can't, it's too late.

**Monica:** If you're not going then I don't want to go either.

**Roy:** Oh, I'm gonna kick Chip's ass.

**Mrs. Geller:** [to Ross on the stairs] I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the prom.

**Ross:** Doubtful.

**Mrs. Geller:** Jack, give me that. Talk to your son.

**Mr. Geller:** Your mother's right. Take her, you can wear my tux.

**Ross:** Dad, she won't want to go with me.

**Mr. Geller:** Of course she would, you're a college man.

**Ross:** I don't know.

**Mr. Geller:** Well, c'mon. Don't ya want to find out?

**Rachel:** I can't believe I don't get to go to my own [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]], this is so [[Friends-词汇总表#harsh\|harsh]].

**Ross:** OK. Hold my board.

**Mr. Geller:** Atta boy. [Ross scrambles upstairs to change]

**Ross:** OK, you guys, ya know, I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.

**All:** No, no, no.

**Ross:** OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.

**Mr. Geller:** C'mon kid, let's go.

**Mrs. Geller:** Ahh, are you hadsome.

**Mr. Geller:** Let's show 'em.

**Ross:** Uh, just a sec dad. [to himself] OK, be cool, just be cool. [walks down the [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]] and grabs the flowers out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#vase\|vase]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#endtable\|endtable]]] OK dad.

**Mr. Geller:** [going downstairs] Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining. . . oh no. [Chip has shown up and the four are leaving] RACHEL, MONICA, ROY, and CHIP: Bye.

**Mrs. Geller:** Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?

**Mr. Geller:** Press the button.

**Mrs. Geller:** Which one? Which button, Jack.

**Mr. Geller:** The button, the button.

**Monica:** I can't believe you did that.

**Ross:** Yeah, well.


> [!scene] Rachel, seeing what he did for her, gets up, walks across the room, and kisses Ross

**Phoebe:** See, he's her [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]].


---

**CLOSING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica is watching the rest of the tape

**Mrs. Geller:** Dance with him.

**Monica:** Mom, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]].

**Mrs. Geller:** Dance with your father.

**Mr. Geller:** I may not know any of your flash dances but I'm no slouch on the dance floor.

**Monica:** Alright.


> [!scene] the tape cuts to Monica's parents under the covers

**Mrs. Geller:** Oh, Jack.

**Mr. Geller:** Oh, Judy. Oh, Judy.

**Both:** Oh, ohhhhh.


> [!scene] Monica is visibly upset


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（33）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 8 | 155 | 78 | *Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 7 | 296 | 85 | *Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 3 | 82 | 60 | *Wow, I don't know what to say. [opens the box and pulls out an incredibly gaudy gold bracelet] Wow, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 3 | 92 | 56 | *I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 3 | 126 | 70 | *If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 2 | 76 | 53 | *Eight hundred and twelve bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Hang in there, it's gonna happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Hang in there, it's gonna happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and t* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 2 | 376 | 86 | *I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 2 | 135 | 75 | *Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *[Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's shoulder] Look at that, look at that, see how she's push* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *[Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's shoulder] Look at that, look at that, see how she's push* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our frien* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do* |

### 常用词（73）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]] | /'sælәd/ | n. 色拉 | n. food mixtures either arranged on a plate or tossed and served with a moist dr | 3 | 27 | 17 | *Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a salad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] | /tæŋk/ | n. 槽, 箱, 柜, 罐, 池塘, 储水池, 坦克 | n. an enclosed armored military vehicle; has a cannon and moves on caterpillar t | 3 | 14 | 10 | *C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 3 | 75 | 47 | *OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to* |
| somethin |  | [网络] 事端；情书 |  | 2 | 16 | 12 | *Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 2 | 23 | 19 | *Oh, now? [puts it in his desk drawer] No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a spec* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 2 | 38 | 28 | *Uh-huh. Is it dirty?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#takin\|takin]] | /'tɑ:ki:n. -kin. 'tei-/ | n. 扭角羚；羚牛 | n. large heavily built goat antelope of eastern Himalayan area | 2 | 12 | 10 | *[puts the message in the cupboard] I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 2 | 43 | 30 | *Wha, OK, now how do you know that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 2 | 37 | 33 | *Oh, she's goin' somewhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] | /'gilti/ | a. 犯罪的, 有过失的, 自觉有错的, 心虚的 | a. responsible for or chargeable with a reprehensible act | 2 | 16 | 15 | *No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 2 | 48 | 35 | *Ya know, the man's got a point. [gestures with his arm and the bracelet falls off]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 2 | 35 | 27 | *OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 2 | 31 | 22 | *I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marcel\|marcel]] | /mɑ:'sel/ | n. 波浪形鬈发 | n. a hairdo characterized by deep regular waves that are made by a heated curlin | 2 | 84 | 10 | *I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 2 | 15 | 11 | *[Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's shoulder] Look at that, look at that, see how she's push* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 2 | 49 | 33 | *[Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's shoulder] Look at that, look at that, see how she's push* |
| whaddya |  |  | Short for "What do you". | 2 | 17 | 10 | *Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 2 | 18 | 14 | *Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our frien* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 2 | 23 | 18 | *You know what the. . . [sees Chandler on his knees, holding the couch cushions]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nothin\|nothin]] |  | n. (Nothin)人名；(瑞典)诺廷 |  | 2 | 18 | 13 | *Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 2 | 37 | 22 | *[Standing in living room with Chandler and Joey. She pulls a huge bathing suit out of a box] Hey, Mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 2 | 34 | 22 | *[Standing in living room with Chandler and Joey. She pulls a huge bathing suit out of a box] Hey, Mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 2 | 79 | 28 | *[pulls out a VCR tape] Hey Monica, what's on this video tape?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Hey. Hold on a second. [shoots a goal] Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Eight hundred and twelve bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *Eight hundred and twelve bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 1 | 34 | 19 | *Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole nigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many sl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] | /in'kredәbli/ | adv. 不能相信地 | r. not easy to believe | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Wow, I don't know what to say. [opens the box and pulls out an incredibly gaudy gold bracelet] Wow, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heh\|heh]] | /hei/ | n. 嗨！（表示惊异质问） |  | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Heh, what d'ya say?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicate]] | /'kɒmplikeit/ | vt. 弄复杂, 使错综, 使恶化 | v. make more complicated | 1 | 25 | 21 | *A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]] | /tә'mɑ:tәu/ | n. 番茄, 西红柿 | n. mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] | /bæt/ | n. 蝙蝠, 球棒 | n. nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings a | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, i* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 1 | 56 | 32 | *Oh, she's goin' somewhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] | /fifθ/ | num. 第五, 五分之一 | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] | /.pɒsә'biliti/ | n. 可能性, 可能的事 | n. a future prospect or potential | 1 | 10 | 10 | *So, do you have any other possibilities?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] | /'dʒestʃә/ | n. 手势, 姿态 | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Ya know, the man's got a point. [gestures with his arm and the bracelet falls off]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]] | /'insidәnt/ | n. 事件, 事变, 小事 | n. a single distinct event | 1 | 11 | 10 | *What, what incident?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|gut]] | /gʌt/ | n. 剧情, 内容, 内脏, 肚子, 海峡, 勇气 | n. a narrow channel or strait | 1 | 11 | 11 | *OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] | /θrәut/ | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音 | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 1 | 16 | 14 | *OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] | /beib/ | n. 小孩, 天真幼稚的人 | n a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk | 1 | 14 | 13 | *OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] | /'pi:nis/ | n. 阳物, 阴茎 | n. the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism) | 1 | 16 | 13 | *OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|wave]] | /weiv/ | n. 波, 波浪, 波动, 起伏, 高潮, 潮涌, 挥手致意, (气压)突变 | n. one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid (especial | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Chandler. [waves his arm around, exposing the bracelet]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|reject]] | /ri'dʒekt/ | n. 被拒之人, 被弃之物, 不合格品, 次品 | v. refuse to accept or acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T col* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] | /im'preʃәn/ | n. 印象, 意念, 盖印, 印记, 印数, 底色, 效果 | n. a vague idea in which some confidence is placed | 1 | 14 | 14 | *I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *[Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's shoulder] Look at that, look at that, see how she's push* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] | /'sʌmhau/ | adv. 不知何故 | r. in some unspecified way or manner; or by some unspecified means | 1 | 12 | 11 | *No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 1 | 23 | 13 | *Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] | /lift/ | n. 举起, 帮助, 昂扬, 电梯 | n. the act of giving temporary assistance | 1 | 20 | 17 | *OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] | /ri'gret/ | n. 遗憾, 后悔, 悔恨, 抱歉, 歉意 | v. feel sad about the loss or absence of | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] | /i'mәuʃәnәl/ | a. 情绪的, 情感的 | a. determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] | /ri'pleis/ | vt. 代替, 替换, 放回, 归还 | v. substitute a person or thing for (another that is broken or inefficient or lo | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Hey now you have two. [Chandler looks annoyed] Oh, now you have two.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *Here you go, you can pay me back whenever you like.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *You have dinosaur checks?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Ahh, so do you, beautiful. [they hug]* |
| oops | /u:ps/ | interj. (表示惊讶、沮丧、谢罪等)哎哟 |  | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Oops.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]] |  | na. 一瞥；短暂的访问；走马看花；(在比赛中)获胜的希望 |  | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.* |

### 低频词（79）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] | /'breislit/ | n. 手镯 | n. jewelry worn around the wrist for decoration | 14 | 18 | 5 | *Wow, I don't know what to say. [opens the box and pulls out an incredibly gaudy gold bracelet] Wow, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]] | /'lɒbstә/ | n. 龙虾 | n. flesh of a lobster | 6 | 18 | 8 | *Because she's your lobster.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] | /prɔm/ | n. (英)音乐会, (美)舞会, 散步道 | n a formal ball held for a school class toward the end of the academic year | 4 | 16 | 8 | *For this episode, I'm using italics to signify portions contained in the prom video.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bud\|bud]] | /bʌd/ | n. 芽, 花蕾 | n. a partially opened flower | 3 | 5 | 3 | *[reads] To my best bud. [puts it back in the case] Thanks best bud.* |
| casey | /'keisi/ | n. 凯西（男子名） |  | 3 | 12 | 2 | *Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#claw\|claw]] | /klɒ:/ | n. 爪, 螯, 抓伤 | n. sharp curved horny process on the toe of a bird or some mammals or reptiles | 3 | 10 | 7 | *C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clobber\|clobber]] | /'klɒbә/ | n. 衣服, (鞋匠用来掩饰皮革缝的)软膏 | v. strike violently and repeatedly | 3 | 3 | 1 | *No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushion]] | /'kuʃәn/ | n. 垫子, 橡皮软垫 | n. the layer of air that supports a hovercraft or similar vehicle | 3 | 9 | 5 | *OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hay\|hay]] | /hei/ | n. 干草 | n. grass mowed and cured for use as fodder | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.* |
| roy | /rɔi/ | n. 罗伊（男子名） | n. A king. | 3 | 6 | 4 | *Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] | /lend/ | vt. 借, 贷款给, 增添, 提供, 出租 | v. bestow a quality on | 2 | 9 | 7 | *Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tense\|tense]] | /tens/ | a. 紧张的, 拉紧的 | n. a grammatical category of verbs used to express distinctions of time | 2 | 6 | 5 | *No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flashy\|flashy]] | /'flæʃi/ | a. 闪光的, 一瞬间的, 浮华的 | s. (used especially of clothes) marked by conspicuous display | 2 | 2 | 1 | *That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] | /'kjdә/ | <口> = could have |  | 2 | 11 | 9 | *What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vcr\|vcr]] |  | [化] 长春新碱 | n a magnetic tape recorder for recording (and playing back) TV programs | 2 | 8 | 7 | *What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pity\|pity]] | /'piti/ | n. 遗憾, 同情, 怜悯, 憾事, 可惜 | n. an unfortunate development | 2 | 9 | 5 | *I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marceau\|marceau]] | /mɑ:r'sәu/ | n. （法）马尔索（姓氏） | n. French mime famous for his sad-faced clown (born in 1923) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrist\|wrist]] | /rist/ | n. 手腕, 腕关节 | n. a joint between the distal end of the radius and the proximal row of carpal b | 2 | 3 | 2 | *OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#connecticut\|connecticut]] | /kә'netikәt/ | n. 康涅狄格 | n. a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies | 2 | 9 | 6 | *Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#episode\|episode]] | /'episәud/ | n. 插曲, 插话, 有趣的事件, 一段情节 | n. a happening that is distinctive in a series of related events | 1 | 6 | 5 | *For this episode, I'm using italics to signify portions contained in the prom video.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#italic\|italic]] | /i'tælik/ | a. 斜体的 | n. a style of handwriting with the letters slanting to the right | 1 | 1 | 1 | *For this episode, I'm using italics to signify portions contained in the prom video.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#signify\|signify]] | /'signifai/ | vt. 象征, 预示 | v. convey or express a meaning | 1 | 1 | 1 | *For this episode, I'm using italics to signify portions contained in the prom video.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#portion\|portion]] | /'pɒ:ʃәn/ | n. 部分, 一份, 命运, 嫁妆 | n something determined in relation to something that includes it | 1 | 5 | 4 | *For this episode, I'm using italics to signify portions contained in the prom video.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contain\|contain]] | /kәn'tein/ | vt. 包含, 容纳, 控制 | v. be divisible by | 1 | 3 | 3 | *For this episode, I'm using italics to signify portions contained in the prom video.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#envelope\|envelope]] | /'envәlәup/ | n. 信封, 封套, 封袋 | n. a flat (usually rectangular) container for a letter, thin package, etc. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leon\|leon]] | /'li(:)әn/ | n. 利昂（男子名, 等于Leo） | n. a historical area and former kingdom in northwestern Spain | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole nigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#makin\|makin]] |  | 梅金（人名） | n battles in World War II in the Pacific (November 1943); United States Marines  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many sl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#payin\|payin]] |  | na. 缴款；解款(入银行)；捐款 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many sl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slice\|slice]] | /slais/ | n. 薄的切片, 一部分, 菜刀 | n. a share of something | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many sl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pony\|pony]] | /'pәuni/ | n. 矮种马 | n. a range horse of the western United States | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bein\|bein]] |  | n. 拜因（姓氏） |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey, this is a little extra somethin' for uh, ya know, always bein' there for me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gaudy\|gaudy]] | /'gɒ:di/ | a. 俗丽的, 华而不实的 | n. (Britain) a celebratory reunion feast or entertainment held a college | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow, I don't know what to say. [opens the box and pulls out an incredibly gaudy gold bracelet] Wow, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engrave\|engrave]] | /in'greiv/ | vt. 刻上, 雕刻, 铭记 | v. impress or affect deeply | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Isn't it? And it's engraved too, check it out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]] | /ә'keiʒәn/ | n. 场合, 时机, 机会, 诱因, 理由 | n. reason | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh, now? [puts it in his desk drawer] No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a spec* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lettuce\|lettuce]] | /'letis/ | n. 莴苣, 生菜, 纸币 | n. any of various plants of the genus Lactuca | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outa\|outa]] | /'u:tə/ | [医]龈 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm outa here. [Monica leaves]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sunshine\|sunshine]] | /'sʌnʃain/ | n. 阳光, 光明, 晴天 | n the rays of the sun | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cupboard\|cupboard]] | /'kʌpbɒ:d/ | n. 食橱, 碗柜, 餐具柜 | n. a small room (or recess) or cabinet used for storage space | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[puts the message in the cupboard] I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]] | /meit/ | n. 配偶, 对手, 助手, (象棋)将死 | n. the officer below the master on a commercial ship | 1 | 11 | 7 | *C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#walkin\|walkin]] |  | n. (Walkin)人名；(瑞典)瓦尔金 |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you c* |
| feelin |  | [网络] 分类 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey, you feelin' better?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sparkly\|sparkly]] | /'spɑ:klɪ/ | 闪耀的 | s marked by high spirits or excitement | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What is that sparkly thing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodfella\|goodfella]] | /'ɡʊdfelə/ | n. 黑帮成员 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sharp\|sharp]] | /ʃɑ:p/ | n. 半升音调, 利刃, 骗子 | n. a musical notation indicating one half step higher than the note named | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbid]] | /fә'bid/ | vt. 禁止, 不准, 妨碍 | v. command against | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Oh, God forbid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refill\|refill]] | /ri:'fil/ | n. 再注满, 替换物 | n. a prescription drug that is provided again | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Do you want a refill?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sniff\|sniff]] | /snif/ | n. 以鼻吸气, 嗅, 气息 | n. sensing an odor by inhaling through the nose | 1 | 2 | 2 | *OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#checkin\|checkin]] | /t'ʃekɪn/ | 记入工时，报到，登记 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#founder\|founder]] | /'faundә/ | n. 创立者, 建立者 | n. a person who founds or establishes some institution | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[walks over to the woman] I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.* |
| wendy | /'wendi/ | n. 温迪（女子名） |  | 1 | 18 | 7 | *[walks over to the woman] I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.* |
| gail | /^eil/ | n. 盖尔（女子名, 等于Gale或Gayle） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm Gail.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expose\|expose]] | /ik'spәuz/ | vt. 使暴露, 使曝光, 揭穿, 陈列 | n. the exposure of an impostor or a fraud | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Chandler. [waves his arm around, exposing the bracelet]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repeller\|repeller]] |  | [医] 退回器(兽医产科器械) | n. One who, or that which, repels. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyesore\|eyesore]] | /'aisɒ:/ | n. 眼中钉 | n. something very ugly and offensive | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liberace\|liberace]] | /'li:bəreis/ | n. 列勃拉斯（美国钢琴演奏家） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geisha\|geisha]] | /'geiʃә/ | n. 艺妓 | n. a Japanese woman trained to entertain men with conversation and singing and d | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#budge\|budge]] | /bʌdʒ/ | vi. 微微移动 | n. United States tennis player who in 1938 was the first to win the Australian a | 1 | 2 | 2 | *[Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's shoulder] Look at that, look at that, see how she's push* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandkids\|grandkids]] |  | (grandkid 的复数) n. （外）孙；（外）孙女 | plural of grandkid | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasant\|pleasant]] | /'pleznt/ | a. 愉快的, 可爱的, 活泼的, 亲切的 | a. affording pleasure; being in harmony with your taste or likings | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#respond\|respond]] | /ri'spɒnd/ | vt. 以...回答 | v. respond favorably or as hoped | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insult\|insult]] | /'insʌlt/ | n. 侮辱, 无礼, 损害 | n. a deliberately offensive act or something producing the effect of deliberate  | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wank\|wank]] | /wæŋk/ | vi. 手淫 | n slang for masturbation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] | /ʃʌʃ/ | n. 关闭 | a. not open | 1 | 9 | 9 | *OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#symbol\|symbol]] | /'simbl/ | n. 符号, 象征, 代号, 信条 | n. an arbitrary sign (written or printed) that has acquired a conventional signi | 1 | 6 | 4 | *I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sorrow\|sorrow]] | /'sɒrәu/ | n. 悲伤, 哀惜, 不幸 | n. an emotion of great sadness associated with loss or bereavement | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biblical\|biblical]] | /'biblikәl/ | a. 圣经的 | a. of or pertaining to or contained in or in accordance with the Bible | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anger\|anger]] | /'æŋgә/ | n. 忿怒 | n. a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed gri | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitter\|bitter]] | /'bitә/ | a. 苦的, 痛苦的, 怀恨的 | n. English term for a dry sharp-tasting ale with strong flavor of hops (usually  | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] | /bɑ:n/ | n. 谷仓 | n. an outlying farm building for storing grain or animal feed and housing farm a | 1 | 25 | 8 | *Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#startle\|startle]] | /'stɑ:tl/ | n. 惊愕, 惊恐 | n. a sudden involuntary movement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[comes up from behind the bar and startles Chandler] Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you h* |
| greatful |  | [网络] 高兴 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deviate\|deviate]] | /'di:vieit/ | vi. 脱离, 偏离 | v. turn aside; turn away from | 1 | 1 | 1 | *They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#septum\|septum]] | /'septәm/ | n. 隔膜 | n. (anatomy) a dividing partition between two tissues or cavities | 1 | 1 | 1 | *They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pan\|pan]] | /pæn/ | n. 平锅, 浅盘, 盆地, 硬土层, 拍摄全景 | n. cooking utensil consisting of a wide metal vessel | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#torso\|torso]] | /'tɔ:sәu/ | n. 躯干, 裸体躯干雕像 | n. the body excluding the head and neck and limbs | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zoom\|zoom]] | /zu:m/ | n. 急速上升, 变焦摄影, 嗡嗡声 | v. move along very quickly | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] | /ik'stri:mli/ | adv. 极端地, 非常地 | r. to an extreme degree | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overweight\|overweight]] | /'әuvә'weit/ | n. 超过重量, 过重, 优势 | n the property of excessive fatness | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do* |
| mayonaise |  | [网络] 打蛋白美乃滋；蛋黄酱吧 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.* |
