---
season: 2
episode: "10"
title: "The One With Russ"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E10 — The One With Russ

*Written by Ira Ungerlieder. Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.*


> [!scene] The gang is walking to a newsstand late at night. Joey is anxiously in the lead.

**Rach:** Joey, would you [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] down? They're not gonna be sold out of papers at one o'clock in the morning.

**Joey:** I'm excited! I've never gotten reviewed before.

**Mnca:** You were so amazing as the king. I was really [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impressed]], I was.

**Phoe:** Although, you know what? You might want to consider wearing [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] next time. Yeah, cause when you sat down on your [[Friends-词汇总表#throne\|throne]] you could kind of see your... royal subject.

**Joey:** Here it is, here it is. [reading from [[Friends-词汇总表#newspaper\|newspaper]]] The only thing worse than the [[Friends-词汇总表#mindless\|mindless]], [[Friends-词汇总表#adolescent\|adolescent]] direction was Joseph Tribbiani's [[Friends-词汇总表#disturbingly\|disturbingly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unskilled\|unskilled]] [[Friends-词汇总表#portrayal\|portrayal]] of the king.

**Chan:** OK, look, that is one guy's opinion, alright. Phoebs, read yours.

**Phoe:** OK. [reading] The only thing worse than the [[Friends-词汇总表#mindless\|mindless]], [[Friends-词汇总表#adolescent\|adolescent]] direction...

**Chan:** Does anyone have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours.

**Ross:** I don't want to.

**Rach:** Joey, honey, they don't know what they're talking about.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Maybe they do. I've been doin' this ten years and I haven't gotten [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]]. There's gotta be a reason.

**Ross:** Oh c'mon. Maybe you're just, uhhh... paying your dues.

**Joey:** No, no, no, it.. it's too hard. It's not worth it. I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]].

**Mnca:** Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind. [Reads from paper] In a [[Friends-词汇总表#mediocre\|mediocre]] play, Joseph Tribbiana was able to [[Friends-词汇总表#achieve\|achieve]] [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] new levels of... continued on page 153...[turns it] sucking. Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Phoebe, Rachel, Monica comforting Joey at Monica and Rachel's apartment.

**Joey:** When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cows]] and stuff.


> [!scene] Ross enters, depressed.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#sullenly\|sullenly]]] Hiiiiii.

**Phoe:** Are... are you OK?

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah, just a [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] day at work. A [[Friends-词汇总表#stegosaurus\|stegosaurus]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] over and [[Friends-词汇总表#trap\|trapped]] a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]], this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?

**Mnca:** Maybe.

**Ross:** Don't [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]] with me.


> [!scene] Fun Bobby (FBOB) enters from Monica's bedroom.

**Fbob:** Geller!

**Ross:** Hey, Fun Bobby!

**Fbob:** Hey. Whoa, hey, you've been working out, huh?

**Ross:** Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so [[Friends-词汇总表#psyched\|psyched]] to hear you're back with my sister!

**Mnca:** You and me both.

**Fbob:** Hey, so what'd I miss, what'd I miss, c'mon?

**Phoe:** Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better.

**Fbob:** Hey, do you need me to pick you up?

**Joey:** No, I'm alright man. Really.

**Fbob:** No, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] you up.

**Joey:** Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... [Fun Bobby picks Joey up off the ground, [[Friends-词汇总表#bounce\|bounces]] him. Joey laughs.] Alright! It still works.

**Fbob:** OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up? [everyone [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raises]] their hands] I'm still gonna go.

**Mnca:** OK, I'll see you later [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]].

**Fbob:** Uh, public display of [[Friends-词汇总表#affection\|affection]] coming up. You can [[Friends-词汇总表#avert\|avert]] your eyes. [kisses Monica]


> [!scene] Chandler and Joey are watching, Rachel turns their heads away from Monica.

**Fbob:** See ya. [[[Friends-词汇总表#exit\|exits]]]

**All:** Bye! See you later!

**Phoe:** Fun Bobby is so great.

**Mnca:** Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] so [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.

**Phoe:** Half full of looooovvvvve.

**Mnca:** And for our two-week [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]], he's gonna take me to his cousin's [[Friends-词汇总表#cabin\|cabin]] for the weekend.

**Phoe:** Cabin of loooooovvvvve.

**Rach:** We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys. [walks over to table, holding five [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] wine [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottles]]]

**Mnca:** Really? I only had two glasses.

**Joey:** I just had a glass.

**Phoe:** Two.

**Rach:** I had one glass.

**Chan:** I had about a [[Friends-词汇总表#mugful\|mugful]] in this [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] 'I got [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|boned]] at the Museum of Natural History' [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mug]].

**Rach:** OK, so that's... that's what, two [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottles]]? And yet [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] we went through five?


> [!scene] All look towards door Fun Bobby left through.

**Ross:** Oooooh.

**Joey:** [realizing what everyone else did a minute ago] Ooooooh.

**Mnca:** So what. So he drank a lot tonight.

**Ross:** Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.

**Phoe:** Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo [[Friends-词汇总表#bomb\|bombed]],' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this [[Friends-词汇总表#dumpster\|dumpster]] in Connecticut.'

**Joey:** Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?

**Mnca:** Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|tasting]] without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Fun Bobby, and Phoebe sitting in Central Perk Rachel is serving them. She brings a mug to Monica.

**Mnca:** Rach, does this have [[Friends-词汇总表#nonfat\|nonfat]] [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]]?

**Rach:** Ehhhummmm, I don't know, why don't you [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] it.

**Mnca:** [takes a [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sip]]] Mmmm, no.

**Rach:** Oh well, too late, sorry, you already had some.

**Fbob:** [pulls out a [[Friends-词汇总表#flask\|flask]]] Whattaya say we make these, uh, coffees Irish?


> [!scene] Phoebe and Rachel look uncomfortable.

**Phoe:** Um, [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]].

**Rach:** Yeah, we're gonna... we're gonna get some [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]. [Phoebe and Rachel go to counter.]

**Mnca:** You know what? It seems like you've been making an [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] lot of stuff Irish [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]].

**Fbob:** Well, I would make them Belgian, but the [[Friends-词汇总表#waffle\|waffles]] are hard to get into that [[Friends-词汇总表#flask\|flask]].

**Mnca:** Bobby.

**Fbob:** Yeah, OK.

**Mnca:** Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.

**Fbob:** OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social [[Friends-词汇总表#drinker\|drinker]],' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'

**Mnca:** So, what are you saying now?

**Fbob:** I guess I'm saying, I'll try and [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]. I kinda like that you worry about me.


> [!scene] they hug

**Phoe:** [comes back to [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]], with [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]] Sooo, what's goin' on, huh?

**Fbob:** I am gonna try and [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] drinking.

**Phoe:** [sad] Ooohh, why?


> [!scene] Chandler and Joey enter.

**Chan:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Mnca:** Hey.

**Phoe:** Hey.

**Chan:** Guess who's back in show business.

**Phoe:** Ohh, ohh, Lorne Green?

**Chan:** No, no, Phoebs. You know why? Cause he's dead.

**Phoe:** Oh, no.

**Chan:** OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#bittersweet\|bittersweet]] now, but... Joey, that's who.

**Joey:** Yeah, my agent just called me with an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] for Days of Our Lives!

**Phoe:** Oh, well, we have to [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]]. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] theme.

**Chan:** Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get [[Friends-词汇总表#amnesia\|amnesia]].

**Phoe:** Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.

**Rach:** Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.

**Mnca:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#gasp\|gasps]]] You have other friends?

**Rach:** Yeah... I, uhh... I have a... I have a date.

**Mnca:** What?

**Joey:** With a man?

**Rach:** What? What is so [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] about me having a date?

**Joey:** What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?

**Rach:** Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.

**Mnca:** What are you talking about?

**Rach:** I don't know. Whatever I was [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]], I'm... not.

**Phoe:** But you guys came so close.

**Rach:** Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.


> [!scene] Russ enters Central Perk. He looks like Ross, except for his chin and hair (it is David Schwimmer in a dual role).

**Rach:** Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.

**Russ:** [sounding like Ross] Hhhhiiiii.


> [!scene] Everyone looks at each other in amazement.


> [!scene] Scene: Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Estelle (ESTL) is speaking on the phone.

**Estl:** Stop saying you're not [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]], you're very talented. It's just with the [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? [a [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] on the door] Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later.


> [!scene] Joey enters.

**Estl:** Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me [[Friends-词汇总表#darling\|darling]], how was the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]?

**Joey:** Well, I think it went pretty well. I.. I got a [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] for Thursday.

**Estl:** Joey, have you ever seen me [[Friends-词汇总表#ecstatic\|ecstatic]]?

**Joey:** No.

**Estl:** Well, here it is. [She almost [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiles]].]

**Joey:** OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...

**Estl:** Oh, isn't Lori a [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]]?

**Joey:** Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.

**Estl:** Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and [[Friends-词汇总表#straighten\|straighten]] it out. [picks up the phone] Yeah, hi, Lori please. [[[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]]] Hi [[Friends-词汇总表#darling\|darling]]. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] driver, isn't he [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]]?


> [!scene] pause] Uh-huuuuh. [pause] Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. [hangs up] [to Joey] Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel at counter, Phoebe, Chandler, and Fun Bobby at the couch.

**Rach:** What's the matter?

**Mnca:** It's Fun Bobby.

**Rach:** What, isn't he [[Friends-词汇总表#sober\|sober]]?

**Mnca:** Oh, he's [[Friends-词汇总表#sober\|sober]] alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.

**Rach:** Ohhh, OK.


> [!scene] Monica returns to couch next to Fun Bobby.

**Mnca:** Alright, here you go, sweetie. [hands Fun Bobby his coffee]

**Fbob:** Thanks. You wanna hear something funny?

**Mnca:** Oh God, yes!

**Fbob:** There are no hardware stores open past [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]] in the Village.

**Phoe:** That is funny.

**Fbob:** I needed to buy a [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the [[Friends-词汇总表#neighborhood\|neighborhood]] but apparently there are no hardware stores open past [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]] in the Village.

**Mnca:** Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now?

**Fbob:** Oh yeah. See you guys. [[[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]

**Chan:** Bye..... [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculously\|ridiculously]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dull\|dull]] Bobby.

**Mnca:** Oh.... my... God.

**Phoe:** It's not that bad.

**Mnca:** Not that bad? Did you hear the [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] story?

**Phoe:** OK, OK, don't get all squinky.

**Rach:** Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.

**Mnca:** But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] drinking. He's [[Friends-词汇总表#dull\|dull]] because of me.

**Phoe:** Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been [[Friends-词汇总表#dull\|dull]]. You just, you know, set it free.


> [!scene] Russ enters, walking in behind Chandler.

**Russ:** Hi.

**Chan:** [turning around] Hey Ross.... bahhhh!

**Rach:** Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?

**Russ:** OK, I'll just sit here and... uh... chat with your, uh.... friend-type....people.


> [!scene] Phoebe walks up to Rachel, cleaning tables.

**Phoe:** Rachel? Um, hi.

**Rach:** Hi.

**Phoe:** OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?

**Rach:** Uhh.... [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitressing]]?

**Phoe:** Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] you of someone?

**Rach:** [looks at him] Huh, Bob Saget?

**Phoe:** [looks at Russ] Oh, yeah! No, no, no, no, oh, oh.


> [!scene] Phoebe turns back around but Rachel is gone. Ross enters.

**Phoe:** Oh, my, oh!

**Ross:** What? What's wrong?

**Phoe:** I, OK....

**Mnca:** She's just upset because she, uh, she [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|buttered]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]] into her [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] this morning.

**Ross:** Alright.

**Chan:** [to Phoebe] Listen, Phoebs, this is gonna be OK. [[[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introducing]] Russ and Ross] Ross, Russ. Russ, Ross.

**Russ:** Hi.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Russ:** Are you a, uh, friend of Rachel's?

**Ross:** Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?

**Russ:** Actually, I'm a... kind of a.... you know, a... date-type... thing... of Rachel's.

**Ross:** A date.

**Russ:** Yeah, I'm her date.

**Ross:** Oh, oh, you're... uh... you're, oh you're the date.

**Chan:** You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]].

**Russ:** Oh, you are the, uh... [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]].

**Ross:** Yes, yes I am. And you are a....

**Russ:** Periodontist.

**Mnca:** See? They're as different as night and... later that night.

**Ross:** Well, I am going to, uh... get a [[Friends-词汇总表#beverage\|beverage]]. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.

**Russ:** Ditto.


> [!scene] ROss approaches Rachel at counter.

**Ross:** I, uh, well... I... I met Russ.

**Rach:** Oh.

**Ross:** Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.

**Rach:** Well, we're not seeing each other, so....

**Ross:** Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's [[Friends-词汇总表#curator\|curator]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#moth\|moths]] and other... uh... [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|winged]] things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|drawn]] to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...

**Rach:** Well, yeah, this is the deal.

**Ross:** OK, well, um, have a nice evening.

**Rach:** Um, Russ, you ready?

**Russ:** Yeah.

**Rach:** Bye.

**Mnca:** Bye.

**Phoe:** Bye.


> [!scene] Russ and Rachel leave together.

**Ross:** [upset] She's dating. She's dating.

**Chan:** Yes, yes, but did you see who she was dating?

**Ross:** What do you mean?

**Mnca:** Do you not see it?

**Ross:** See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that [[Friends-词汇总表#goober\|goober]]. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]].

**Chan:** Yeah, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]], isn't it?

**Ross:** ....................Yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Joey is making marinara sauce and filling every container in sight. Chandler enters.

**Chan:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chan:** Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]].

**Joey:** Well, the part's mine if I want it.

**Chan:** Oh my God!

**Joey:** Yeah, if I'm willing to sleep with the casting lady.

**Chan:** [not knowing how to [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]]] Oh my... God?

**Joey:** Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.

**Chan:** So, what're you gonna do?

**Joey:** Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?

**Chan:** Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.

**Joey:** I've never slept with someone for a part.

**Chan:** Well is she... [reaches into the [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] for a cookie, takes his hand out, covered with [[Friends-词汇总表#pasta\|pasta]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]]]

**Joey:** Sorry.

**Chan:** It's alright. Is she good-looking?

**Joey:** Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. [[[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]]] You know, after having slept with her.

**Chan:** Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.

**Joey:** I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my [[Friends-词汇总表#talent\|talent]] or because of.. y'know, the Little General.

**Chan:** Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?

**Joey:** Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.


> [!scene] Scene: A restaurant. Fun Bobby and Monica are ordering.

**Waiter:** Can I get you something from the bar?

**Mnca:** Yes, I would like something. [looks at Fun Bobby, changes her mind] No, no thank you.

**Fbob:** If... if you want to drink, it's OK with me, I've got to get used to it.

**Mnca:** No, no really. I.. I wouldn't feel right about it. [to [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]]] Just some water.

**Fbob:** So the light went out in my [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]]...

**Mnca:** [grabs [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] as he's leaving] I'd like a [[Friends-词汇总表#scotch\|scotch]] on the rocks with a [[Friends-词汇总表#twist\|twist]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler is sitting on the couch between Russ and Ross, doing a crossword puzzle.

**Chan:** Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]] letters, [[Friends-词汇总表#atomic\|atomic]] element number 101... ends in [[Friends-词汇总表#ium\|ium]].

**Russ:** Dysprosium.

**Ross:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#condescendingly\|condescendingly]]] Dysprosium? Try [[Friends-词汇总表#mendelevium\|mendelevium]].

**Chan:** And [[Friends-词汇总表#weenie\|weenie]] number two has it. Unless, of course, [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]]-down, Knights in White Satin was [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sung]] by the Doody Blues.


> [!scene] Phoebe and Rachel are at the counter talking.

**Phoe:** You don't see it? You actually don't see it?

**Rach:** What?

**Phoe:** OK honey, you're dating Ross.

**Rach:** No, Phoebs. I'm dating Russ.

**Phoe:** Russ is Ross. Russ... Ross!

**Rach:** Steve... [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeve\|sleeve]]!

**Phoe:** OK, [[Friends-词汇总表#noone\|noone]] is named Sleeve.

**Rach:** Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing.


> [!scene] They look over at Russ and Ross.

**Ross:** [to Russ] For your information, it's a card [[Friends-词汇总表#sharp\|sharp]], not a card [[Friends-词汇总表#shark\|shark]].

**Russ:** You could not be more wrong. You could try... but you would not be successful.

**Chan:** OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the [[Friends-词汇总表#pinch\|pinching]] and eye-[[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poking]] begins.

**Russ:** I know what your problem is.

**Ross:** Oh you do, do you?

**Russ:** Um-[[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]], you're [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]].

**Ross:** Of... of what?

**Russ:** You're [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] because I'm a real doctor.

**Ross:** Hey, you're a doctor of [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gums]]. That's the [[Friends-词汇总表#smallest\|smallest]] body part you can major in. It's like day one, [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|floss]]. Day two, here's your [[Friends-词汇总表#diploma\|diploma]].

**Russ:** Hey, you listen.

**Ross:** No, no, let me finish.

**Russ:** No, let me finish.

**Ross:** No, you let me [[Friends-词汇总表#fini\|fini]]...


> [!scene] Rachel walks up behind them.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Russ:** Hi.

**Rach:** Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww! [turns away]


> [!scene] Scene: Ross, Phoebe, Rachel, and Chandler at Monica and Rachel's apartment.

**Rach:** Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?

**Chan:** No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?

**Rach:** I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?

**Chan:** Me.

**Rach:** Why would I have to sleep with you?

**Chan:** It's my game. You want the job or not?


> [!scene] Monica enters from her bedroom.

**Chan:** Hey.

**Mnca:** Morning.

**Ross:** Where ya goin'?

**Mnca:** Bobby and I are going away for the weekend, remember?

**Ross:** Ooooohhhh.


> [!scene] Monica pulls out a bag full of airline bottles of liquor.

**Phoe:** What's with all the [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottles]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#liquor\|liquor]]?

**Ross:** What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?

**Mnca:** Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still [[Friends-词汇总表#sober\|sober]] but I find his stories about [[Friends-词汇总表#shoelace\|shoelaces]] much more [[Friends-词汇总表#amuse\|amusing]].


> [!scene] Three slow knocks on the door.

**Rach:** Oh God, even his [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]].


> [!scene] Monica answers the door. Its Fun Bobby.

**Mnca:** Hi. I'll be ready in just a second.

**Fbob:** Uh, can I talk to you a minute?

**Mnca:** Sure.


> [!scene] They both step out into the hall.

**Fbob:** This is really hard for me to say.

**Mnca:** Oh God, you [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] off the [[Friends-词汇总表#wagon\|wagon]].

**Fbob:** Oh, no, no, it's about you.

**Mnca:** What about me?

**Fbob:** I think you may have a drinking problem.

**Mnca:** What these? [holding up [[Friends-词汇总表#liquor\|liquor]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottles]]] Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and [[Friends-词汇总表#scrap\|scrapes]].

**Fbob:** Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a [[Friends-词汇总表#codependent\|codependent]] relationship right now, OK?

**Mnca:** Oh... [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]].

**Fbob:** Well, anyway, I hope we can be friends.

**Mnca:** OK.


> [!scene] They hug and kiss.

**Mnca:** Take care.

**Fbob:** You too.


> [!scene] Fun Bobby leaves and Monica goes back inside.

**Rach:** What happened?

**Mnca:** Well we... we kinda broke up.

**Gang:** Awwwwwwww.


> [!scene] Ross, Phoebe, Chandler, and Rachel all exchange money.

**Mnca:** [holding [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottles]]] Does anybody want these?

**Chan:** I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]].


> [!scene] Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Gang:** Hey!

**Ross:** How'd the [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] go?

**Joey:** It was [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]! I walked in there and she was all over me.

**Chan:** So what'd you do?

**Joey:** Well, I couldn't do it. I told her I didn't want to get the part that way.

**Ross:** Good for you.

**Joey:** But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] and offered me an even [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] part.

**Phoe:** So... and?

**Joey:** Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, [[Friends-词汇总表#neurosurgeon\|neurosurgeon]], [[Friends-词汇总表#recur\|recurring]] in at least four [[Friends-词汇总表#episode\|episodes]]!

**Gang:** Allright!

**Joey:** Alright... I've got to go shower. [[[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]


> [!scene] Phoebe, Ross, Rachel, Chandler exchange money again.] Credits [Scene: Central Perk. Russ enters. Chandler and Phoebe are sitting on the couch.

**Russ:** Hi.

**Chan:** Oh, hey.

**Phoe:** Hi.

**Russ:** I guess you guys heard, Rachel [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] me.

**Chan:** Yeah, I'm sorry man.

**Russ:** Oh, all she said was that I [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] her too much of somebody. You have any idea who she's talking about?


> [!scene] Chandler and Phoebe feign ignorance.

**Phoe:** Oh I do, it's.... it's Bob Saget. She hates him.

**Russ:** Oh.


> [!scene] Julie... Ross's ex-girlfriend... enters.

**Julie:** Hey.

**Chan:** Hey!

**Phoe:** Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?

**Julie:** Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um....


> [!scene] Russ and Julie look at each other with love in their eyes. The music builds...


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 6 | 442 | 191 | *I guess I'm saying, I'll try and quit. I kinda like that you worry about me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 6 | 217 | 129 | *Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 5 | 281 | 110 | *Bye! See you later!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 5 | 168 | 121 | *Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 3 | 155 | 78 | *Yeah... I, uhh... I have a... I have a date.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 2 | 76 | 55 | *Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent * |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 2 | 110 | 60 | *Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 2 | 95 | 64 | *OK, look, that is one guy's opinion, alright. Phoebs, read yours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 2 | 130 | 71 | *What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 2 | 96 | 75 | *Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *No, no, let me finish.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *I'm excited! I've never gotten reviewed before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *You were so amazing as the king. I was really impressed, I was.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Although, you know what? You might want to consider wearing underwear next time. Yeah, cause when yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Maybe they do. I've been doin' this ten years and I haven't gotten anywhere. There's gotta be a reas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind. [Reads* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know * |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Geller!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... [Fun Bobby picks Joey up off the ground, bounces h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... [Fun Bobby picks Joey up off the ground, bounces h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes. [kisses Monica]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *[realizing what everyone else did a minute ago] Ooooooh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *[pulls out a flask] Whattaya say we make these, uh, coffees Irish?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worrie* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *[sad] Ooohh, why?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh, OK.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *OK, I'll just sit here and... uh... chat with your, uh.... friend-type....people.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Well, the part's mine if I want it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her bre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *[grabs waiter as he's leaving] I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.* |

### 常用词（70）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 5 | 38 | 30 | *We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys. [walks over to table, holding five empty wine bottl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 4 | 80 | 46 | *No, no, no, it.. it's too hard. It's not worth it. I quit.* |
| ewww |  | [网络] 杀死敌人；图片；恶恶恶 |  | 4 | 13 | 10 | *Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww! [turns away]* |
| uhhh |  | [网络] 让她说；我喜欢它；巴洛夫斯克机场 |  | 3 | 12 | 10 | *Oh c'mon. Maybe you're just, uhhh... paying your dues.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 3 | 67 | 29 | *Um, cake.* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 3 | 56 | 32 | *[comes back to couch, with cake] Sooo, what's goin' on, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 2 | 50 | 38 | *Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 2 | 40 | 33 | *Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know * |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 2 | 49 | 38 | *Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 2 | 87 | 38 | *Yeah, my agent just called me with an audition for Days of Our Lives!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] | /'tælәntid/ | a. 天资高的, 有才能的 | a. endowed with talent or talents | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 2 | 52 | 42 | *Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#darling\|darling]] | /'dɑ:liŋ/ | n. 亲爱的, 可爱的人, 可爱的物 | n. a special loved one | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me darling, how was the audition?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]] | /pɒ:z/ | n. 暂停, 中止, 停顿, 间歇, 踌躇, 休止符 | n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]] | /'midnait/ | n. 午夜, 子夜, 半夜 | n. 12 o'clock at night; the middle of the night | 2 | 16 | 10 | *There are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] | /'hæmә/ | n. 锤, 铁锤, 钉锤 | n. the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pul | 2 | 14 | 12 | *I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 2 | 31 | 29 | *Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] | /'kuki/ | n. 饼干, 小甜点 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) | 2 | 29 | 15 | *Well is she... [reaches into the cookie jar for a cookie, takes his hand out, covered with pasta sau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] | /'weitә/ | n. 侍者 | n. a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant) | 2 | 30 | 18 | *No, no really. I.. I wouldn't feel right about it. [to waiter] Just some water.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 2 | 48 | 31 | *Um-hum, you're jealous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Joey, would you slow down? They're not gonna be sold out of papers at one o'clock in the morning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] | /im'pres/ | n. 印象, 特征, 印记 | n. the act of coercing someone into government service | 1 | 16 | 15 | *You were so amazing as the king. I was really impressed, I was.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *Although, you know what? You might want to consider wearing underwear next time. Yeah, cause when yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newspaper\|newspaper]] | /'nju:z.peipә/ | n. 报纸 | n. a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles an | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Maybe they do. I've been doin' this ten years and I haven't gotten anywhere. There's gotta be a reas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] | /'briljәnt/ | a. 光辉的, 灿烂的, 有才气的 | s. of surpassing excellence | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind. [Reads* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]] | /kau/ | n. 母牛, 母兽 | n. female of domestic cattle: "`moo-cow' is a child's term" | 1 | 16 | 13 | *When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands int* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trap\|trap]] | /træp/ | n. 圈套, 陷阱, 诡计, 存水弯 | n. a device in which something (usually an animal) can be caught and penned | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up? [everyone raises their hands] I'm still* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] | /beib/ | n. 小孩, 天真幼稚的人 | n a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk | 1 | 14 | 13 | *OK, I'll see you later babe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] | /'lauzi/ | a. 污秽的, 恶心的, 生虱的 | s. infested with lice | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] | /æni'vә:sәri/ | n. 周年纪念 | n. the date on which an event occurred in some previous year (or the celebration | 1 | 39 | 11 | *And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 1 | 29 | 19 | *And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys. [walks over to table, holding five empty wine bottl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]] | /bәun/ | n. 骨头, 骨, 骨制品 | n. rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates | 1 | 21 | 13 | *I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] | /'sʌmhau/ | adv. 不知何故 | r. in some unspecified way or manner; or by some unspecified means | 1 | 12 | 11 | *OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Rach, does this have nonfat milk?* |
| mmmm |  | abbr. multiunit network management and maintenance message 多 |  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *[takes a sip] Mmmm, no.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *[comes back to couch, with cake] Sooo, what's goin' on, huh?* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 1 | 33 | 27 | *[comes back to couch, with cake] Sooo, what's goin' on, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 1 | 46 | 26 | *Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] | /'ɒpәrә/ | n. 歌剧 | n. a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and a | 1 | 24 | 14 | *Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] | /streindʒ/ | a. 奇怪的, 陌生的, 生疏的, 不熟悉的, 不可思议的, 外行的, 外地的, 异乡的 | a. being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a b | 1 | 17 | 17 | *What? What is so strange about me having a date?* |
| noooo |  | [网络] 豪炎寺甚至是麦克鸡；好机会；不要长大好了 |  | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Well, here it is. [She almost smiles.]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] | /dɒl/ | n. 洋娃娃, 无头脑的美丽女人 | n. a small replica of a person; used as a toy | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Oh, isn't Lori a doll?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] | /tә'rifik/ | a. 非常好的, 极端的, 可怕的 | s. very great or intense | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Uhh.... waitressing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]] | /'bʌtә/ | n. 奶油, 黄油 | n. an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cookin | 1 | 17 | 15 | *She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 1 | 40 | 18 | *She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *[to Phoebe] Listen, Phoebs, this is gonna be OK. [introducing Russ and Ross] Ross, Russ. Russ, Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 古生物学者 | n. a specialist in paleontology | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Oh, you are the, uh... paleontologist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|wing]] | /wiŋ/ | n. 翅膀, 翼, 机翼, 派别 | n. a movable organ for flying (one of a pair) | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 1 | 13 | 12 | *See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]] | /ri'ækt/ | vi. 起反应, 起作用, 反攻 | v. show a response or a reaction to something | 1 | 12 | 11 | *[not knowing how to react] Oh my... God?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] | /dʒɑ:/ | n. 广口瓶, 震动, 刺耳声 | n. a vessel (usually cylindrical) with a wide mouth and without handles | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Well is she... [reaches into the cookie jar for a cookie, takes his hand out, covered with pasta sau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]] | /sɒ:s/ | n. 酱油, 调味汁, 酱 | n. flavorful relish or dressing or topping served as an accompaniment to food | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Well is she... [reaches into the cookie jar for a cookie, takes his hand out, covered with pasta sau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] | /ri'fridʒәreitә/ | n. 电冰箱, 冷藏库 | n. white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures | 1 | 15 | 14 | *So the light went out in my refrigerator...* |

### 低频词（69）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| rus |  | abbr. 俄罗斯（Russian ）；收件人更新服务（Recipient Update Service） | n. the medieval Russian state established by Scandinavian traders in the 9th cen | 14 | 14 | 1 | *Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bobby\|bobby]] | /'bɒbi/ | n. 警察 | n. an informal term for a British policeman | 13 | 38 | 8 | *Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sober\|sober]] | /'sәubә/ | a. 未醉的, 稳重的, 节制的, 严肃的, 不夸大的, 合理的, 朴素的 | v. cause to become sober | 3 | 3 | 1 | *What, isn't he sober?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dull\|dull]] | /dʌl/ | a. 钝的, 无趣的, 呆滞的, 阴暗的 | v. make dull in appearance | 3 | 12 | 9 | *Bye..... ridiculously dull Bobby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mindless\|mindless]] | /'maindlis/ | a. 没头脑的, 不小心的, 不留神的 | s. lacking the thinking capacity characteristic of a conscious being | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adolescent\|adolescent]] | /.ædәu'lesәnt/ | a. 青春期的, 青少年的 | n. a juvenile between the onset of puberty and maturity | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joseph\|joseph]] | /'dʒәuzif/ | n. 约瑟夫（男子名）；约瑟（圣经中雅各的第十一子） | n. leader of the Nez Perce in their retreat from United States troops (1840-1904 | 2 | 27 | 9 | *Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cabin\|cabin]] | /'kæbin/ | n. 小屋, 客舱 | n. small room on a ship or boat where people sleep | 2 | 8 | 5 | *And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.* |
| soooo |  | [网络] 所以 |  | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flask\|flask]] | /flæsk/ | n. 细颈瓶, 烧瓶, 小水瓶 | n. bottle that has a narrow neck | 2 | 2 | 1 | *[pulls out a flask] Whattaya say we make these, uh, coffees Irish?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irish\|irish]] | /'airiʃ/ | n. 爱尔兰人, 爱尔兰语 | n. people of Ireland or of Irish extraction | 2 | 9 | 5 | *[pulls out a flask] Whattaya say we make these, uh, coffees Irish?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] | /'kɒ:lbæk/ | n. 收回 | n a request by the manufacturer of a defective product to return the product (as | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Well, I think it went pretty well. I.. I got a callback for Thursday.* |
| lori |  | n. 洛里, 罗莉（人名） | n. Same as Lory. | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh, isn't Lori a doll?* |
| saget |  | [网络] 忆捷 |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *[looks at him] Huh, Bob Saget?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dysprosium\|dysprosium]] | /dis'prәusiәm/ | n. 镝 | n. a trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; forms compounds that ar | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Dysprosium.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeve\|sleeve]] | /sli:v/ | n. 袖子, 套管 | n. the part of a garment that is attached at the armhole and that provides a clo | 2 | 8 | 6 | *Steve... sleeve!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liquor\|liquor]] | /'likә/ | n. 酒, 液体, 汁, 溶液 | n. an alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than fermented | 2 | 8 | 6 | *What's with all the bottles of liquor?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throne\|throne]] | /'θrәun/ | n. 王座, 君主 | n. the chair of state for a monarch, bishop, etc. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Although, you know what? You might want to consider wearing underwear next time. Yeah, cause when yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disturbingly\|disturbingly]] | /dis'tә:biŋli/ | adv. 动摇地；令人不安地 | r. in a disturbing manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unskilled\|unskilled]] | /.ʌn'skild/ | a. 无(特殊)技能的, 不熟练的, 拙劣的 | a. not having or showing or requiring special skill or proficiency | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#portrayal\|portrayal]] | /pɔ:'treiәl/ | n. 描绘, 描写, 画像, 肖像 | n. a word picture of a person's appearance and character | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mediocre\|mediocre]] | /.mi:di'әukә/ | a. 不好不坏的, 通常, 平凡的 | s. moderate to inferior in quality | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind. [Reads* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#achieve\|achieve]] | /ә'tʃi:v/ | vt. 完成, 达到 | v. to gain with effort | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind. [Reads* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sullenly\|sullenly]] | /'sʌlənlɪ/ | adv. 不高兴地, 绷着脸, 忧郁地 | r in a sullen manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[sullenly] Hiiiiii.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stegosaurus\|stegosaurus]] | /.stegә'sɒ:rәs/ | n. 剑龙 | n herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur with a row of bony plates along its back an | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]] | /tɒi/ | n. 玩具, 小玩艺儿, 小型的东西, 消遣 | n. a nonfunctional replica of something else (frequently used as a modifier) | 1 | 14 | 8 | *Don't toy with me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#psyched\|psyched]] | /saɪkt/ | a. 激动的 |  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bounce\|bounce]] | /bauns/ | n. 跳, 跳跃, 弹力, 撞击 | n. the quality of a substance that is able to rebound | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... [Fun Bobby picks Joey up off the ground, bounces h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affection\|affection]] | /ә'fekʃәn/ | n. 影响, 病, 喜爱, 情感, 倾向 | n. a positive feeling of liking | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes. [kisses Monica]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#avert\|avert]] | /ә'vә:t/ | vt. 转开, 避免, 防止 | v. turn away or aside | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes. [kisses Monica]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exit\|exit]] | /'eksit/ | n. 出口, 退场, 离去, 去世 | n. an opening that permits escape or release | 1 | 5 | 5 | *See ya. [exits]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mugful\|mugful]] | /'mʌ^fjl/ | n. 一大杯的容量 | n the quantity that can be held in a mug | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mug]] | /mʌg/ | n. 有柄大杯, 脸, 苦读者 | n. the quantity that can be held in a mug | 1 | 14 | 7 | *I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.* |
| oooooh |  | [网络] 哦；喔；是再见 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oooooh.* |
| ooooooh |  | [网络] 噢 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[realizing what everyone else did a minute ago] Ooooooh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bomb\|bomb]] | /bɒm/ | n. 炸弹 | n. an explosive device fused to explode under specific conditions | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was* |
| ummm |  | 嗯（非正式） |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumpster\|dumpster]] | /'dʌmpstə(r)/ | n. 废料箱 | n. a container designed to receive and transport and dump waste | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#connecticut\|connecticut]] | /kә'netikәt/ | n. 康涅狄格 | n. a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was* |
| alot |  | n. (Alot)人名；(西)阿洛特；(法)阿洛 |  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] | /zu:/ | n. 动物园 | n the facility where wild animals are housed for exhibition | 1 | 22 | 9 | *Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nonfat\|nonfat]] | /'nɔn'fæt/ | a. 脱脂的 | a. without fat or fat solids | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Rach, does this have nonfat milk?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sip]] | /sip/ | n. 啜饮, 小口喝, 抿 | n. a small drink | 1 | 6 | 6 | *[takes a sip] Mmmm, no.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belgian\|belgian]] | /'beldʒәn/ | n. 比利时人 | n. a native or inhabitant of Belgium | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waffle\|waffle]] | /'wɒfl/ | vi. 胡扯, 闲聊 | n. pancake batter baked in a waffle iron | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drinker\|drinker]] | /'driŋkә/ | n. 饮者, 酒徒 | n. a person who drinks liquids | 1 | 1 | 1 | *OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know...* |
| ooohh |  | [网络] 喔；噢噢噢噢；我说 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *[sad] Ooohh, why?* |
| lorne |  | 罗恩（澳大利亚城市） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ohh, ohh, Lorne Green?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bittersweet\|bittersweet]] | /'bitәswi:t/ | a. 又苦又甜的, 苦乐参半的 | n. poisonous perennial Old World vine having violet flowers and oval coral-red b | 1 | 1 | 1 | *OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amnesia\|amnesia]] | /æm'ni:zjә/ | n. 健忘症, 记忆缺失 | n. partial or total loss of memory | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.* |
| ummmm |  | [网络] 嗯， |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gasp\|gasp]] | /gæsp/ | n. 喘气 | n. a short labored intake of breath with the mouth open | 1 | 1 | 1 | *[gasps] You have other friends?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ecstatic\|ecstatic]] | /ik'stætik/ | n. 狂喜的人 | s. feeling great rapture or delight | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Joey, have you ever seen me ecstatic?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#straighten\|straighten]] | /'streitn/ | vt. 弄直, 整顿, 清理, 使改正 | v. straighten up or out; make straight | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#walkin\|walkin]] |  | n. (Walkin)人名；(瑞典)瓦尔金 |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighborhood\|neighborhood]] | /'neibәhud/ | n. 附近, 邻近 | n. people living near one another | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculously\|ridiculously]] |  | adv. 可笑, 滑稽, 荒谬 | r so as to arouse or deserve laughter | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Bye..... ridiculously dull Bobby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]] | /'spaidә/ | n. 蜘蛛, 设圈套者 | n. predatory arachnid with eight legs, two poison fangs, two feelers, and usuall | 1 | 12 | 8 | *She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] | /spєә/ | n. 剩余, 备用品, 备件, 备用零件, 备用轮胎 | n. a score in tenpins; knocking down all ten after rolling two balls | 1 | 10 | 8 | *You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#periodontist\|periodontist]] |  | [医] 牙周病学家 | n. a dentist specializing in diseases of the gums and other structure surroundin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Periodontist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beverage\|beverage]] | /'bevәridʒ/ | n. 饮料 | n. any liquid suitable for drinking | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ditto\|ditto]] | /'ditәu/ | n. 同上, 同上符号, 很相似的人(或物) | v. repeat an action or statement | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ditto.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curator\|curator]] | /kjuә'reitә/ | n. 管理者, 经理, 主管人, 掌管者, 馆长, 大学学监, 监护人, 保护人 | n. the custodian of a collection (as a museum or library) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moth\|moth]] | /mɒθ/ | n. 蛾害, 蛾, 乌头叶菜豆 | n. typically crepuscular or nocturnal insect having a stout body and feathery or | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goober\|goober]] | /'gu:bә/ | n. 落花生, 皮肤上的小疙瘩 | n pod of the peanut vine containing usually 2 nuts or seeds; `groundnut' and `mo | 1 | 1 | 1 | *See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pasta\|pasta]] | /'pæstә/ | n. 意大利面食 | n. a dish that contains pasta as its main ingredient | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Well is she... [reaches into the cookie jar for a cookie, takes his hand out, covered with pasta sau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talent\|talent]] | /'tælәnt/ | n. 天才, 才能, 有才干的人, 天资 | n. a person who possesses unusual innate ability in some field or activity | 1 | 8 | 7 | *I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it,* |
| denise | /dә'ni:z, de'-/ | n. 丹尼斯（女子名） |  | 1 | 10 | 3 | *Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#demarco\|demarco]] |  | n. (Demarco)人名；(西、法)德马尔科 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.* |
