---
season: 2
episode: "06"
title: "The One With the Baby on the Bus"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S02E06 — The One With the Baby on the Bus

Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.


> [!scene] Scene: At Monica and Rachel's.

**Monica:** Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?

**Ross:** Let me hold him for a sec. There. *(Ben stops crying)* Huh? There we are.

**Monica:** Maye it's me.

**Ross:** Don't be [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]]. Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.

**Chandler:** You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#moody\|moody]].

**Ross:** There we go. All better. *(gives Ben back to Monica)*

**Monica:** There's my little boy. *(Ben starts crying again)*

**Chandler:** Can I uh see something? *(Takes Ben. When he puts him close to Monica, Ben cries. When he moves Ben away, he stops crying.)*

**Joey:** Cool.

**Monica:** He hates me. My [[Friends-词汇总表#nephew\|nephew]] hates me.

**Ross:** Come on, don't do this.

**Monica:** What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?

**Chandler:** Monica, will you stop? This is [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]]. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.

*(Chandler has a basketball which he is moving closer to, then away from, Monica)*

**Joey:** Goo, [[Friends-词汇总表#goo\|goo]], goo, waaah!

**Monica:** That is so funny. Let me see that. *(throws the ball out the window)*

**Joey:** Are you ok, Ross?

**Ross:** I don't know. What's in this [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]]?

**Monica:** Uh, I don't know, [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]], [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]], [[Friends-词汇总表#flour\|flour]], [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|lime]], [[Friends-词汇总表#kiwi\|kiwi]]--

**Ross:** Kiwi? Kiwi? I thought it was a key [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|lime]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]].

**Monica:** No I didn't, I said [[Friends-词汇总表#kiwi\|kiwi]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|lime]]. That's what makes it so special.

**Ross:** And that's what's gonna kill me. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#kiwi\|kiwi]].

**Monica:** No you're not. You're, you're [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanuts]] and--oh my god.

**Ross:** Ugh.

**Monica:** Oh my god.

**Ross:** Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.

**Monica:** Is your [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] [[Friends-词汇总表#swell\|swelling]] up?

**Ross:** Either that or my [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] is getting [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]].

**Monica:** All right, get your [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]], we're going to the hospital.

**Joey:** Is he gonna be ok?

**Monica:** Yeah, he's just gotta get a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]].

**Ross:** You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?

**Monica:** Jacket now.

**Ross:** What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.

**Chandler:** We'll watch him.

**Ross:** I don't think tho.

**Joey:** What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?

**Chandler:** I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window.

**Ross:** Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]], and there's extra [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diapers]] in the bag.

**Joey:** Hat, [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]], got it.

**Ross:** ??? *(speech garbled)* Thro up a [[Friends-词汇总表#thro\|thro]] thro--a thro thro!

**Joey:** Consider it done.

**Chandler:** You understood that?

**Joey:** Yeah, my [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] Sal has a really big [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]].

**Chandler:** Is he the one with the beautiful wife?

*(Central Perk)*

**Phoebe:** Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]]? I wrote it this morning in the shower.

**Rachel:** Ok.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is [[Friends-词汇总表#soapy\|soapy]], and my hair is [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]], and Tegrin [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spelled]] [[Friends-词汇总表#backward\|backward]] is Nirget.

**Terry:** Uh, Rachel, [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]], could I see ya for a minute?

**Rachel:** What's up?

**Terry:** F.Y.I.. I've [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to pay a professional [[Friends-词汇总表#musician\|musician]] to play in here on Sunday [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoons]]. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.

**Rachel:** But what about Phoebe?

**Terry:** Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] through my eye into my brain and [[Friends-词汇总表#swirl\|swirl]] it around.

**Rachel:** Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.

**Terry:** Uh--

**Rachel:** Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Lather, [[Friends-词汇总表#rinse\|rinse]], [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#lather\|lather]], rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.

*(Chandler and Joey are loaded down with baby stuff, and Ben)*

**Chandler:** You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's [[Friends-词汇总表#anvil\|anvil]]?

**Joey:** It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all [[Friends-词汇总表#righ\|righ]]? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] thing. Quick, [[Friends-词汇总表#aim\|aim]] him at that pack o' [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babes]] over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.

**Chandler:** No, I got him.

**Joey:** No, seriously.

**Chandler:** Oh, seriously you want him?

**Caroline:** Hello.

**Boys:** Hello.

**Caroline:** And who is this little [[Friends-词汇总表#cutie\|cutie]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]]?

**Chandler:** Well, don't, don't think me [[Friends-词汇总表#immodest\|immodest]], but, me?

**Joey:** You wanna smell him?

**Caroline:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] we're talking about the baby now.

**Joey:** Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a [[Friends-词汇总表#whiff\|whiff]] of his head.

**Caroline:** I think my [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]] just skipped a [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]].

**Joey:** *(to Chandler)* What'd I tell you? What'd I tell you?

**Caroline:** I think it's great you guys are doing this.

**Chandler:** Well, we are great guys.

**Caroline:** You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#adopt\|adopt]] for three years. What agency did you two go through?

*(Central Perk)*

**Phoebe:** But, but this is my [[Friends-词汇总表#gig\|gig]]. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in [[Friends-词汇总表#chalk\|chalk]]. You know, you can't just [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erase]] chalk.

**Rachel:** Honey, I'm sorry.

**Phoebe:** And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a [[Friends-词汇总表#throne\|throne]], and a [[Friends-词汇总表#crown\|crown]], and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.

**Rachel:** Terry is a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]], ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could.

**Rachel:** Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.

**Terry:** I, I don't know.

**Rachel:** Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the [[Friends-词汇总表#cappuccino\|cappuccino]] machine.

**Terry:** You don't clean the [[Friends-词汇总表#cappuccino\|cappuccino]] machine?

**Rachel:** Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.

**Terry:** Oh, all right, fine, fine, fine.

**Rachel:** Done.

**Phoebe:** Really?

**Rachel:** Yeah. Who's workin' for you [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]]?

**Phoebe:** Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get?

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** Well you said that he's paying the people who are playing.

**Rachel:** Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional.

**Phoebe:** Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.

**Rachel:** Well, but Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like [[Friends-词汇总表#sloppy\|sloppy]] second, [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] band. You know what, there are [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousands]] of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. *(Out on the sidewalk, singing)* When I play, I play for me, I don't need your [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]]. *(Someone puts a coin in her guitar case)* Thank you! La la la la la la la....

**Ross:** Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]]. Maybe they can take the [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]] and thquirt it into my [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]], you know, like a thquirt [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]].

**Doctor:** Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#reaction\|reaction]].

**Monica:** Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a [[Friends-词汇总表#slight\|slight]] [[Friends-词汇总表#phobia\|phobia]] about [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needles]].

**Ross:** Did you tell him about my thquirt [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] idea?

**Monica:** My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#orally\|orally]].

**Doctor:** No, under these [[Friends-词汇总表#circumstance\|circumstances]] it has to be an [[Friends-词汇总表#injection\|injection]], and it has to be now.

**Ross:** Tho?

*(Monica shakes her head.)*

**Ross:** Ohhh.

**Monica:** That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]]. You're just gonna have to be [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]], ok? Can you do that for me?

**Ross:** Ok.

**Monica:** Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!

**Chandler:** That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, [[Friends-词汇总表#taxi\|taxi]]!

**Joey:** Hey, hey, look at that [[Friends-词汇总表#talent\|talent]].

**Chandler:** *(to taxi driver)* Just practicing. You're good. Carry on. GIRL 1 ON BUS: Hey, you. He's just [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]].

**Chandler:** Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink. GIRL 2 ON BUS: So what are you guys out doing today?

**Joey:** Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two [[Friends-词汇总表#heterosexual\|heterosexual]] guys, hanging with the son of our other heterosexual friend, doin' the [[Friends-词汇总表#usual\|usual]] straight guy stuff.

**Chandler:** You done?

**Joey:** Yeah. GIRL 1: Oh, there's our stop.

**Joey:** Get [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here. This is our stop too. GIRL 2: You guys live around here too?

**Joey:** Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. We live in the building by the uh [[Friends-词汇总表#sidewalk\|sidewalk]].

**Chandler:** You know it?

**Joey:** Hey, look, since we're [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbors]] and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink? GIRL 1: So uh, you wanna go to Marquel's?

**Chandler:** Oh, sure, they love us over there. GIRL 2: Where's your baby? CHANDLER AND JOEY: *(running after bus)* Ben! Ben! Ben!

**Chandler:** Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the [[Friends-词汇总表#cord\|cord]].

**Both:** Stop the bus! Wait! Wait! Wait!

**Monica:** Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.

**Doctor:** No, it's just a good [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bruise\|bruise]]. And, right here is the [[Friends-词汇总表#puncture\|puncture]] wound from your ring.

**Ross:** Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] later. Celebrate.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* ... with the double double double-jointed boy. Hey. So um, are you the professional guitar player?

**Stephanie:** Yeah. I'm Stephanie.

**Phoebe:** Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "[[Friends-词汇总表#carrot\|carrot]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]". So, um, so um, how many [[Friends-词汇总表#chord\|chords]] do you know?

**Stephanie:** All of them.

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah, so you know D?

**Stephanie:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Ok, do you know A [[Friends-词汇总表#minor\|minor]]?

**Stephanie:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Ok, do you know how to go from D to A [[Friends-词汇总表#minor\|minor]]?

**Stephanie:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Ok. Um, so does your guitar have a [[Friends-词汇总表#strap\|strap]]?

**Stephanie:** No.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Mine does. *(singing)* Stephanie knows all the [[Friends-词汇总表#chord\|chords]]. *(makes a face)*

**Chandler:** *(on pay phone)* Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.

**Joey:** Hi, here's the deal. We lost a [[Friends-词汇总表#carseat\|carseat]] on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits [[Friends-词汇总表#onto\|onto]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#stroller\|stroller]]. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.

**Rachel:** Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] Central Perk welcome to--

**Phoebe:** *(singing angrily)* Terry's a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]], and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk!

**Rachel:** Uh, to Stephanie Schiffer.

**Stephanie:** Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved. *(singing)* Zachary.

**Phoebe:** *(singing/screaming)* You're all invited to [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] me! CHANDLER AND JOEY: Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here? TRANSIT AUTHORITY GUY: He's here. *(Chandler and Joey hug each other in relief)* I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assuming]] one of you is the father.

**Chandler:** That's me.

**Joey:** I'm him.

**Chandler:** Actually, uh, we're both the father. *(Puts his arm around Joey)* BOTH *(but to different babies)*: Oh, Ben! Hey, buddy!

**Chandler:** Please tell me you know which one is our baby.

**Joey:** Well, well that one has [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|ducks]] on his t-shirt, and this one has [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clowns]]. And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.

**Chandler:** Ok.

**Joey:** Or [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clowns]]. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little [[Friends-词汇总表#mole\|mole]] by his [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]].

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Hey, Ben, remember us? Ok, the [[Friends-词汇总表#mole\|mole]] came off.

**Joey:** Ahh!

**Chandler:** What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do?

**Joey:** Uh, uh, we'll [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] for it. Ducks or [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clowns]].

**Chandler:** Oh, we're gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] for the baby?

**Joey:** You got a better idea?

**Chandler:** All right, call it in the air.

**Joey:** Heads.

**Chandler:** Heads it is.

**Joey:** Yes! Whew!

**Chandler:** We have to [[Friends-词汇总表#assign\|assign]] heads to something.

**Joey:** Right. Ok, ok, uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|ducks]] is heads, because ducks have heads.

**Chandler:** What kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]]-ass [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clowns]] came to your [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]?

*(on the sidewalk outside Central Perk)*

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Oh, hi.

**Rachel:** Here. I thought you might be cold.

**Phoebe:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.

**Phoebe:** Eight dollars and 27 [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cents]]. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolling]], and to make myself feel better.

**Rachel:** Do you?

**Phoebe:** No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sang]] "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar [[Friends-词汇总表#seventy\|seventy]]-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cents]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]]. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.

**Rachel:** Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] pets, then, [[Friends-词汇总表#whoosh\|whoosh]]!

**Phoebe:** It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.

**Rachel:** Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat".

**Phoebe:** Really? From who?

**Rachel:** Well, from me. And I know it's not your big money song, but it's my favorite.

**Kid:** Hi. Uh, did I [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] drop a [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] in your case? It's kind of an emergency.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Here you go.

**Kid:** Thanks a lot. Hey Christine, I got it!

*(chez Monica and Rachel)*

**Ross:** I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.

**Monica:** That's ok. I'm sorry I [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poisoned]] you.

**Ross:** Yeah. Hey, remember the time I [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jammed]] that [[Friends-词汇总表#pencil\|pencil]] into your hand?

**Monica:** Remember it? What do you think this is, a [[Friends-词汇总表#freckle\|freckle]]?

**Ross:** Oh.

**Monica:** Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]]?

**Ross:** Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that [[Friends-词汇总表#broom\|broom]] in your [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spoke\|spokes]], and you [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flipped]] over and hit your head on the [[Friends-词汇总表#curb\|curb]]?

**Monica:** No. But I remember people telling me about it.

**Ross:** I hope Ben has a little sister.

**Monica:** Yeah. I hope she can kick his ass.

**Ross:** I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]] off your Malibu Ken?

**Monica:** That was you?

**Ross:** They, uh, were [[Friends-词汇总表#infect\|infected]]. He wouldn't have made it.

**Monica:** Aw, my little [[Friends-词汇总表#nephew\|nephew]]. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. Hey, he's not crying.

**Chandler:** *(looking fearfully at Joey)* Hey, he's not crying.

*(Ben starts crying)*

**Joey:** Yes! There's still [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]].

**Ross:** I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]]? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?

**Joey:** Oh, yeah, he [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|rode]] the bus today.

**Ross:** Ohhh. Big boy, [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|riding]] the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]]?

**Chandler:** You, you are gonna love this.

**Ross:** Will you hold Ben for a sec? Come here. Come here.

**Chandler:** Stay back, I've got [[Friends-词汇总表#kiwi\|kiwi]]. Run, Joey, Run!

**Stephanie:** *(singing)* Smelly cat, [[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] cat, what are they feeding you?

**Phoebe:** No, no, no. I'm sorry. It's "[[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] cat, smel-ly cat".

**Stephanie:** Smelly cat, smel-ly cat...

**Phoebe:** Better. Yeah.

**Stephanie:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, much better. And you know what, don't feel bad, because it's a hard song.

**Stephanie:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** You wanna try it again?

**Stephanie:** Yeah. From the top?

**Phoebe:** Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me?

**Stephanie:** Ok.

**Phoebe:** Mmmm hmmm.

**Together:** Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]].

**Phoebe:** That's too much. Sorry.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（32）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 3 | 101 | 68 | *Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 3 | 126 | 70 | *He hates me. My nephew hates me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 3 | 96 | 75 | *Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 2 | 73 | 50 | *Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *No, seriously.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *You wanna smell him?* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 2 | 92 | 56 | *Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *And that's what's gonna kill me. I'm allergic to kiwi.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink? GIRL 1: S* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Oh. Mine does.  Stephanie knows all the chords.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Terry's a jerk, and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *You're all invited to bite me! CHANDLER AND JOEY: Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Or clowns. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little mole by his mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Yeah. I hope she can kick his ass.* |

### 常用词（60）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 5 | 63 | 32 | *Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] | /pai/ | n. 馅饼, 财富, 总额, 贪污受贿, 杂乱, 喜鹊 | n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top | 4 | 35 | 15 | *I don't know. What's in this pie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] | /klaun/ | n. 小丑, 乡下人 | n. a rude or vulgar fool | 4 | 21 | 15 | *Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 3 | 43 | 36 | *Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 3 | 34 | 24 | *Yeah, my uncle Sal has a really big tongue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]] | /ri'pi:t/ | n. 重复, 反复 | n. an event that repeats | 3 | 17 | 10 | *Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 3 | 31 | 26 | *Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 3 | 19 | 15 | *Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 2 | 21 | 18 | *Is your tongue swelling up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 2 | 57 | 33 | *Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] | /gʌn/ | n. 枪 | n. a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal  | 2 | 22 | 16 | *Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 2 | 33 | 29 | *Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 2 | 27 | 24 | *Uh, uh, we'll flip for it. Ducks or clowns.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cent]] | /sent/ | n. 分 | n. a fractional monetary unit of several countries | 2 | 12 | 10 | *Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] | /'kɒndәm/ | n. 避孕套 | n. contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is w | 2 | 18 | 13 | *No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *Don't be silly. Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]] | /'bʌtә/ | n. 奶油, 黄油 | n. an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cookin | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1 | 38 | 20 | *Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] | /'pi:nʌt/ | n. 花生, 小人物, 极小的数额 | n. underground pod of the peanut vine | 1 | 15 | 12 | *No you're not. You're, you're allergic to lobster and peanuts and--oh my god.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]] |  | a. 较小, 更小的 | s. small or little relative to something else | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 1 | 53 | 31 | *All right, get your coat, we're going to the hospital.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Jacket now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] | /'daiәpә/ | n. 尿布 | n. garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened a | 1 | 21 | 14 | *Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] | /wet/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天 | v. cause to become wet | 1 | 26 | 25 | *I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] | /beib/ | n. 小孩, 天真幼稚的人 | n a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk | 1 | 14 | 13 | *It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 1 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *I assume we're talking about the baby now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]] | /'ju:tәrәs/ | n. 子宫 | n. a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the develop | 1 | 15 | 11 | *I think my uterus just skipped a beat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *I think my uterus just skipped a beat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]] | /ә'dɒ:rәbl/ | a. 可崇拜的, 值得敬慕的, 可爱的 | s. lovable especially in a childlike or naive way | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Just practicing. You're good. Carry on. GIRL 1 ON BUS: Hey, you. He's just adorable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Get outta here. This is our stop too. GIRL 2: You guys live around here too?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]] | /'neibә/ | n. 邻居 | n. a person who lives (or is located) near another | 1 | 19 | 12 | *Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink? GIRL 1: S* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]] | /bәun/ | n. 骨头, 骨, 骨制品 | n. rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates | 1 | 21 | 13 | *No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 1 | 67 | 29 | *Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#onto\|onto]] | /'ɒntu:/ | prep. 在...之上 | prep. On the top of; upon; on. See On to, under On, prep. | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *You're all invited to bite me! CHANDLER AND JOEY: Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Yes! Whew!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1 | 152 | 44 | *What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] | /.æksi'dentli/ | adv. 偶然地, 意外地 | r without advance planning | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Hi. Uh, did I accidentally drop a condom in your case? It's kind of an emergency.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] | /baik/ | n. 自行车, 脚踏车 | n a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame | 1 | 37 | 14 | *Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services o* |
| mmmm |  | abbr. multiunit network management and maintenance message 多 |  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Mmmm hmmm.* |
| hmmm |  | abbr. 六甲氧基甲基三聚氰胺；氨基树脂 |  | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Mmmm hmmm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your fault.* |

### 低频词（87）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] | /'smeli/ | a. 发臭的, 有臭味的 | s offensively malodorous | 13 | 34 | 7 | *No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiwi\|kiwi]] | /'ki:wi:/ | n. 鹬鸵, 地勤人员, 新西兰人 | n. fuzzy brown egg-shaped fruit with slightly tart green flesh | 6 | 6 | 1 | *Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thro\|thro]] | /θ'rəʊ/ | prep. & adv. <古>穿过 |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *???  Thro up a thro thro--a thro thro!* |
| stephanie |  | n. 斯蒂芬妮（女子名） |  | 5 | 6 | 2 | *F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terry\|terry]] | /'teri/ | n. 毛圈, 毛圈织物 | n. English actress (1847-1928) | 4 | 13 | 5 | *Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goo\|goo]] | /gu:/ | n. 粘性物, 过分多情 | n any thick, viscous matter | 3 | 6 | 4 | *Goo, goo, goo, waaah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|lime]] | /laim/ | n. 石灰, 粘鸟胶, 酸橙 | n. any of various related trees bearing limes | 3 | 7 | 5 | *Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]] | /ә'lә:dʒik/ | a. 对...过敏的, 极反感的 | a. characterized by or caused by allergy | 3 | 12 | 6 | *And that's what's gonna kill me. I'm allergic to kiwi.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lather\|lather]] | /'læðә. 'lɑ:ðә/ | n. 肥皂泡 | n. a workman who puts up laths | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rinse\|rinse]] | /rins/ | n. 清洗, 染发, 染发剂 | n. a liquid preparation used on wet hair to give it a tint | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nephew\|nephew]] | /'nefju:/ | n. 侄子, 外甥 | n. a son of your brother or sister | 2 | 6 | 5 | *He hates me. My nephew hates me.* |
| tho | /ðәu/ | abbr. 虽然；尽管；即使；然而；可是（though） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I don't think tho.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chalk\|chalk]] | /tʃɒ:k/ | n. 粉笔, 白垩 | n. a soft whitish calcite | 2 | 5 | 4 | *But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cappuccino\|cappuccino]] | /kæpj'tʃi:nәj/ | n. 热牛奶咖啡 | n. equal parts of espresso and hot milk topped with cinnamon and nutmeg and usua | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the cappuccino machine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] | /'tʃæriti/ | n. 慈悲, 博爱, 慈善团体, 施舍 | n. a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any pa | 2 | 42 | 9 | *No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]] | /'ni:dl/ | n. 针, 尖 | n. a slender pointer for indicating the reading on the scale of a measuring inst | 2 | 8 | 5 | *Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taxi\|taxi]] | /'tæksi/ | n. 出租车 | v. travel slowly | 2 | 8 | 7 | *That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heterosexual\|heterosexual]] | /.hetәrә'sekʃuәl/ | a. 异性的, 异性爱的 | n. a heterosexual person; someone having a sexual orientation to persons of the  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chord\|chord]] | /kɒ:d/ | n. 弦, 和音 | n. a straight line connecting two points on a curve | 2 | 5 | 2 | *Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minor\|minor]] | /'mainә/ | n. 未成年人, 副修科目 | a. of lesser importance or stature or rank | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Ok, do you know A minor?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#transit\|transit]] | /'trænsit/ | n. 经过, 通行, 运输, 运输线, 转变 | v. make a passage or journey from one place to another | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perk\|perk]] | /pә:k/ | vi. 昂首, 振作, 举止高傲, 神气活现, 滤煮 | n an incidental benefit awarded for certain types of employment (especially if i | 2 | 11 | 9 | *Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mole\|mole]] | /mәul/ | n. 痣, 鼹鼠, 防波堤, 摩尔, 克分子 | n. spicy sauce often containing chocolate | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Or clowns. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little mole by his mou* |
| maye |  | [人名] [英格兰人姓氏] 梅 May的变体 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Maye it's me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moody\|moody]] | /'mu:di/ | a. 心情不稳的, 郁郁寡欢的, 喜怒无常的 | n. United States tennis player who dominated women's tennis in the 1920s and 193 | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.* |
| waaah |  | [网络] 哇哦 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Goo, goo, goo, waaah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flour\|flour]] | /'flauә/ | n. 面粉, 粉沫, 碎粉 | n. fine powdery foodstuff obtained by grinding and sifting the meal of a cereal  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]] | /'lɒbstә/ | n. 龙虾 | n. flesh of a lobster | 1 | 18 | 8 | *No you're not. You're, you're allergic to lobster and peanuts and--oh my god.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swell\|swell]] | /swel/ | n. 增大, 隆起的部分, 巨浪, 肿胀 | n. the undulating movement of the surface of the open sea | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Is your tongue swelling up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catholic\|catholic]] | /'kæθәlik/ | n. 天主教徒 | n. a member of a Catholic church | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, d* |
| sal | /sɑ:l/ | n. 婆罗双树, 盐 | n. An East Indian timber tree (Shorea robusta), much used for | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, my uncle Sal has a really big tongue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soapy\|soapy]] | /'sәupi/ | a. 涂着肥皂的, 谄媚的, 圆滑的 | a resembling or having the qualities of soap | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backward\|backward]] | /'bækwәd/ | adv. 向后地, 相反地 | a. directed or facing toward the back or rear | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#musician\|musician]] | /mju:'ziʃәn/ | n. 音乐家, 乐师, 作曲家 | n. someone who plays a musical instrument (as a profession) | 1 | 5 | 4 | *F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swirl\|swirl]] | /swә:l/ | n. 漩涡, 涡动 | n the shape of something rotating rapidly | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anvil\|anvil]] | /'ænvil/ | n. 铁砧 | n. a heavy block of iron or steel on which hot metals are shaped by hammering | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#righ\|righ]] |  | [医][=rabies immune globulin,human]人狂犬病免疫球蛋白 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] | /'sensitiv/ | a. 敏感的, 易感的, 灵敏的, 感光的 | a. responsive to physical stimuli | 1 | 21 | 9 | *It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aim\|aim]] | /eim/ | n. 目标, 瞄准, 击中目标的能力 | n. the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cutie\|cutie]] | /'kju:ti/ | n. 漂亮女孩 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And who is this little cutie pie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#immodest\|immodest]] | /i'mɒdist/ | a. 不谦虚的, 冒失的 | a. having or showing an exaggerated opinion of your importance, ability, etc | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whiff\|whiff]] | /hwif/ | n. 一吹, 一吸, 一阵, 一点点, 一口烟 | n. a lefteye flounder found in coastal waters from New England to Brazil | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adopt\|adopt]] | /ә'dɒpt/ | vt. 采用, 正式通过, 收养, 接受 | v. choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans | 1 | 15 | 7 | *You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gig\|gig]] | /gig/ | n. 旋转物, 轻便双轮马车, 赛艇, 鱼叉, 记过, 爵士乐演奏会 | n. long and light rowing boat; especially for racing | 1 | 7 | 5 | *But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erase]] | /i'reis/ | vt. 抹去, 擦掉 | v. remove from memory or existence | 1 | 8 | 6 | *But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throne\|throne]] | /'θrәun/ | n. 王座, 君主 | n. the chair of state for a monarch, bishop, etc. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crown\|crown]] | /kraun/ | n. 王冠, 王权, 顶点 | n. the Crown (or the reigning monarch) as the symbol of the power and authority  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lem\|lem]] | /lem/ | n. (Lem)人名；(俄、西、英)莱姆 | n a spacecraft that carries astronauts from the command module to the surface of | 1 | 8 | 5 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#workin\|workin]] | /'wә:kin/ | n. 工人接管；不按章工作；到校罢课 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah. Who's workin' for you babe?* |
| beause |  | [网络] 休息 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sloppy\|sloppy]] | /'slɒpi/ | a. 泥泞的, 潮湿的, 粗心的 | s. lacking neatness or order | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there a* |
| carlin | /'kɑ:lin/ | n. 老妇人；巫婆 | n. An old woman. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reaction\|reaction]] | /ri'ækʃәn/ | n. 反应, 反作用, 反动 | n. an idea evoked by some experience | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slight\|slight]] | /slait/ | n. 轻蔑, 怠慢 | v. pay no attention to, disrespect | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phobia\|phobia]] | /'fәubiә/ | n. 恐怖病, 恐惧症, 惧怕, 憎恶 | n. an anxiety disorder characterized by extreme and irrational fear of simple th | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.* |
| phd |  | abbr. 哲学博士学位（Doctor of Philosophy） | d a doctorate usually based on at least 3 years graduate study and a dissertatio | 1 | 6 | 5 | *My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#orally\|orally]] |  | adv. 口头, 口语, 口述, 口, 用口发声, 口部 | r. (of drugs) through the mouth rather than through injection; by_mouth | 1 | 1 | 1 | *My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circumstance\|circumstance]] | /'sә:kәmstәns/ | n. 环境, 状况, 事件 | n. a condition that accompanies or influences some event or activity | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, under these circumstances it has to be an injection, and it has to be now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#injection\|injection]] | /in'dʒekʃәn/ | n. 注射, 注射剂 | n. the forceful insertion of a substance under pressure | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, under these circumstances it has to be an injection, and it has to be now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]] | /breiv/ | a. 勇敢的, 美好的, 华丽的 | n. a North American Indian warrior | 1 | 12 | 8 | *That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talent\|talent]] | /'tælәnt/ | n. 天才, 才能, 有才干的人, 天资 | n. a person who possesses unusual innate ability in some field or activity | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Hey, hey, look at that talent.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#usual\|usual]] | /'ju:ʒuәl/ | a. 平常的, 通常的 | a. occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently or in accordan | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sidewalk\|sidewalk]] | /'saidwɒ:k/ | n. 人行道 | n. walk consisting of a paved area for pedestrians; usually beside a street or r | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. We live in the building by the uh sidewalk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cord\|cord]] | /kɒ:d/ | n. 绳索, 束缚 | n. a line made of twisted fibers or threads | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bruise\|bruise]] | /bru:z/ | n. 青肿, 挫伤, 擦伤 | n. an injury that doesn't break the skin but results in some discoloration | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puncture\|puncture]] | /'pʌŋktʃә/ | n. 刺痕, 穿刺 | n. loss of air pressure in a tire when a hole is made by some sharp object | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carrot\|carrot]] | /'kærәt/ | n. 胡萝卜 | n. deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strap\|strap]] | /stræp/ | n. 带, 皮带 | n. an elongated leather strip (or a strip of similar material) for binding thing | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ok. Um, so does your guitar have a strap?* |
| charact |  | [网络] 流量特性；外观；华艺 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carseat\|carseat]] |  | n. (汽车)儿童安全座椅；汽车座椅 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stroller\|stroller]] | /'strәulә/ | n. 散步者, 流浪者 | n someone who walks at a leisurely pace | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#schiffer\|schiffer]] |  | 希弗（人名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh, to Stephanie Schiffer.* |
| zachary | /'zækәri/ | n. 圣扎迦利（等于Zacharias, Saint）；扎卡里（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved.  Zachary.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assign\|assign]] | /ә'sain/ | vt. 分配, 指派, 赋值 | v. give out | 1 | 1 | 1 | *We have to assign heads to something.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoosh\|whoosh]] | /hwu:ʃ/ | n. 飞快移动 | v. gush or squirt out | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever* |
| christine | /'kristi:n/ | n. 克莉丝汀（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Thanks a lot. Hey Christine, I got it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poison]] | /'pɒizn/ | n. 毒药, 毒, 毒物, 有毒害的事物 | n. any substance that causes injury or illness or death of a living organism | 1 | 8 | 8 | *That's ok. I'm sorry I poisoned you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jam]] | /dʒæm/ | n. 果酱, 拥塞之物, 堵塞, 困境 | n. preserve of crushed fruit | 1 | 23 | 9 | *Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pencil\|pencil]] | /'pensl/ | n. 铅笔, 色笔, 眉笔, 画笔, 光线束 | n. a thin cylindrical pointed writing implement; a rod of marking substance enca | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freckle\|freckle]] | /'frekl/ | n. 雀斑, 斑点 | n. a small brownish spot (of the pigment melanin) on the skin | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] | /'pʌmpkin/ | n. 南瓜 | n. a coarse vine widely cultivated for its large pulpy round orange fruit with f | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#broom\|broom]] | /bru:m/ | n. 扫帚, 金雀花 | n. a cleaning implement for sweeping; bundle of straws or twigs attached to a lo | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoke\|spoke]] | /spәuk/ | n. 轮辐 | n. support consisting of a radial member of a wheel joining the hub to the rim | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curb\|curb]] | /kә:b/ | n. 抑制, 勒马绳, 边石 | n. an edge between a sidewalk and a roadway consisting of a line of curbstones ( | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#malibu\|malibu]] | /'mælibu:/ | n. 马里布（加州地名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ken\|ken]] | /ken/ | n. 视野范围, 知识范围, 见地 | n range of what one can know or understand | 1 | 7 | 3 | *I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#infect\|infect]] | /in'fekt/ | vt. 传染, 感染 | v. communicate a disease to | 1 | 2 | 2 | *They, uh, were infected. He wouldn't have made it.* |
