---
season: 3
episode: "08"
title: "The One With The Giant Poking Device"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E08 — The One With The Giant Poking Device

*Written by: Adam Chase*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe, Chandler, and Ross are there, Rachel is serving brownies.

**Rachel:** Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special [[Friends-词汇总表#homemade\|homemade]] [[Friends-词汇总表#brownie\|brownies]]?

**Chandler:** I will have one. *(Ross and him both take one.)*

*(Phoebe takes a bite and spits it out and screams.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, I’m not gonna have one.

**Ross:** Neither will I. *(they both put back the brownies.)*

**Phoebe:** No, no, it’s just my [[Friends-词汇总表#tooth\|tooth]].

**Chandler:** All right I’ll have one. *(he and Ross take another brownie,)*

**Ross:** So what’s a matter, you need a [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]]? I’ve got a good one.

**Phoebe:** No thanks, I have a good one too. I just, I, I can’t see him.

**Chandler:** See that is the problem with [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentists]].

**Ross:** Why? Why can’t you go to him?

**Phoebe:** Because, every time I go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]], somebody dies.

**Chandler:** That is so weird, because every time I go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]], I look down the [[Friends-词汇总表#hygienist\|hygienist]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouse]].

**Rachel:** Phoebe, what? Umm...what?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, yeah, first there was my [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] Mary, and then there was umm, John, my [[Friends-词汇总表#mailman\|mailman]], and then my, my [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]] friend ‘Albino Bob’.

**Rachel:** And all these people actually died?

**Phoebe:** Yes, while I was in the chair! That’s why I take such good care of my [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] now, y'know, it’s not about oral [[Friends-词汇总表#hygiene\|hygiene]], I [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|floss]] to save lives!

**Ross:** Pheebs, come on, you didn’t kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]]. It’s, it’s, it’s just ah, a [[Friends-词汇总表#coincidence\|coincidence]].

**Phoebe:** Well tell that to them. Oh! You can’t, their dead.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are there.

**Ross:** Thanks, Gunther. *(takes the plate Gunther serves him and Rachel comes up and kisses him)* *(to Rachel)* Hey! *(to Gunther)* Umm, can I get a [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] too?

**Gunther:** Oh, like you don’t already have everything.

**Phoebe:** *(trying to bite into an apple)* Ow! Ow! *(drops the apple in disgust.)*

**Rachel:** Phoebe, your in pain, would you just go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]], just go.

**Phoebe:** All right, fine, fine, but if you’re my next [[Friends-词汇总表#victim\|victim]], don’t come back as a [[Friends-词汇总表#poltergeist\|poltergeist]] and like suck me into the TV set.

**Rachel:** I promise.

**Phoebe:** Although, don’t feel like you can’t visit.

**Joey:** *(entering with Monica)* Hey, is, is, is Chandler here?

**Ross:** *(patting his clothes like he is looking for his wallet)* No, no he’s not.

**Monica:** You guys, Joey just saw Janice kissing her ex-[[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]].

**Ross:** What? *(to Joey)* So what are you going to do? I mean how, how are you going to tell Chandler?

**Joey:** Well, I was thinking about that and I, I think the best way would be, to not.

**Rachel:** Joey, you can’t keep this to yourself, if you know about this, you have to tell him.

**Joey:** It’ll kill him. I mean it’ll, it’ll just kill him.

**Phoebe:** Well, you could wait ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] I go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]], maybe I’ll kill him.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, All are there except for Chandler.

**Joey:** *(looking out the window)* Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new [[Friends-词汇总表#hammock\|hammock]]. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.

**Phoebe:** Well, I’m going to the [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]], so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um...... *(starts to cry and runs out)*

**Ross:** Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.

**Joey:** What did they do?

**Ross:** Well, they [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|painted]] over the word ‘Sapien’ for one thing, then they [[Friends-词汇总表#rearrange\|rearranged]] the figures, let’s just leave it at that.

**Monica:** So, do you want me to watch Ben for you?

**Ross:** Yes, that’s what I was going to ask, thank you.

**Rachel:** Whoa! Wait! Hello! What about me?

**Ross:** You? You! Want to watch Ben? *(in the background Monica mouths ‘Don’t worry, I’ll be here the whole time.’ to Ross.)* Yes! That’d be great, no, I just wanted to ask Monica, because I know how [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] her life is. *(Monica sarcastically mouths ‘Yeah!’ and holds up her thumb.)*

**Joey:** Hey-hey, Ross?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Joey:** I’ve got a science question.

**Ross:** Hmm?

**Joey:** If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact ‘Homo-[[Friends-词汇总表#sapien\|sapien]]’, is that why there [[Friends-词汇总表#extinct\|extinct]]?

**Ross:** Joey, Homo Sapiens are people.

**Joey:** Hey-hey, I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judging]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are babysitting Ben.

**Rachel:** *(holding Ben)* Look Benny, [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]]. *(moves it back and forth)* Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bored]].

**Monica:** Here. Ben, do you wanna play the [[Friends-词汇总表#airplane\|airplane]] game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. *(takes Ben)* We’re gonna do something fun. Okay. *(throws Ben up in the air a little bit and catches him)* Weee!! *(moves into the living room and does it again)* Weee!! *(starts to walk back into the kitchen as she does it again, and hits Ben’s head on that wooden beam across the ceiling.)*


> [!scene] cut to later

**Monica:** *(to Ben)* Who’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]], you’re so brave, yes you are, you’re so brave.

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay honey, he’s fine, he’s fine, let’s just put him down. Come here, Ben. *(sets him on the couch)* See that’s a good boy. *(to Monica)* How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!

**Monica:** He’s not gonna say anything, because we’re not gonna tell him.

**Rachel:** We’re not?!

**Monica:** No we’re not.

**Rachel:** All right, I like that.

**Monica:** Okay.

**Rachel:** So we’re okay, we’re okay, we’re okay, *(starts to exam Ben)* [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t we? No, we’re not okay, we’re not okay, there’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]], there’s a bump.

**Monica:** Oh my God! Well [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] it in! Push it in!

**Rachel:** I cannot [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] it in!

**Monica:** Okay, we’re gonna need a [[Friends-词汇总表#distraction\|distraction]].

**Rachel:** Okay, okay, okay.

**Monica:** I got it!

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Monica:** The second that Ross walks in that door, I want you take him back to your [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] and do whatever it is that you do that makes him go, *(high pitched)* rweee!!

**Rachel:** Or. We could put a hat on his head.

**Monica:** A hat! Yes! We need a hat.

**Rachel:** We need a hat..

**Monica:** Where are we gonna find a [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] little hat?

**Rachel:** Oh, oh, oh, I’ll get ‘Rainy Day Bear’!! *(runs to get him)*

**Monica:** Because he’ll know what to do? *(Rachel comes out of her room with a bear that’s dressed in a rain suit.)* Oh my God, you’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#genius\|genius]]!

**Rachel:** Oh God, oh God, it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#sow\|sowed]] on though.

**Monica:** Give it. Give it.

**Rachel:** Okay.

*(Monica takes the bear, grabs his hat, and rips off his head.) Monica and Rachel: Oh!!*

**Rachel:** Oh, it’s just like a [[Friends-词汇总表#bloodbath\|bloodbath]] in here today.


> [!scene] Scene: The street, Chandler and Joey are walking past a jewelery store.

**Chandler:** Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these [[Friends-词汇总表#pearl\|pearls]] are nice?

**Joey:** I’d really [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] a mountain [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]].

**Chandler:** Janice’s [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.

**Joey:** Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]], get her [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]], girls love gum.

**Chandler:** That’s a good idea, ‘Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]’. I would like to get her something serious.

**Joey:** Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, [[Friends-词汇总表#barium\|barium]] [[Friends-词汇总表#enema\|enemas]]. Those are dead serious.

**Chandler:** All right. Look, I’m gonna go in here, and you don’t buy me anything ever. *(starts to go into the store)*

**Joey:** *(stopping him)* No, no, you can’t, you can’t, okay, you can’t, you can’t buy her [[Friends-词汇总表#pearl\|pearls]], you just can’t, you can’t, you can’t.

**Chandler:** Why not?!

**Joey:** Oh God. Uh, okay, here’s the thing, this is the thing, okay, the thing is...

**Chandler:** What is the thing?

**Joey:** Okay. I went down to the ‘Mattress King’ [[Friends-词汇总表#showroom\|showroom]] and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-[[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]].

**Chandler:** *(shocked)* What?

**Joey:** They were in his office.

**Chandler:** Well she, she wouldn’t do that, she’s with, she’s with me.

**Joey:** I’m telling you man, I saw it.

**Chandler:** Yeah, well, you’re wrong! Okay, you’re wrong.

**Joey:** I’m not wrong! I wish I was. I’m sorry. Bet that [[Friends-词汇总表#barium\|barium]] [[Friends-词汇总表#enema\|enema]] doesn’t sound so bad now, huh?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are dressing up Ben in the entire rain suit from Rainy Day Bear.

**Monica:** It just makes more sense as an [[Friends-词汇总表#ensemble\|ensemble]].

**Rachel:** Right.

**Monica:** Besides, it takes the focus off the hat.

**Phoebe:** *(running through the door)* No! Oh! You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]! You’re alive!

**Rachel:** See Pheebs, I promised you no one would die, didn’t I?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, well, we’ll see about that. Can I use your phone? I just wanna call everyone I know.

**Monica:** Sure, we have no money, go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]].

**Phoebe:** *(on phone)* ‘Hey! You’re not dead! Okay, see ya!’

**Ben:** Monica.

**Monica:** Oh my God! He just said my name! Did you hear that?

**Ben:** Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]!

**Rachel:** Okay, I heard that.

**Monica:** Did he just say ‘Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]’?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh.

**Monica:** Oh my God! He’s gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] me out!

**Ben:** Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]!

**Monica:** Oh-ho-ho, sweetie, sweetie, you gotta stop saying that, now. It’s no big deal, it’s not even worth [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mentioning]], you see we all do it all the time. See watch this, Ben, Ben, Ben. *(goes over and starts hitting her head on the post)* Ow, Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]! *(does it again)* Everybody [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]. *(repeats)* Ben [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]. *(repeats)* Rachel [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]. *(repeats)* Bang, Rachel [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]! Oh, isn’t that fun?

**Rachel:** *(goes over and hits her head on the post)* Look at that! *(repeats)* Look at that! *(repeats)* We all do it. *(repeats)* Okay, I’m stopping now.

**Monica:** You okay?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah! Y'know, if it’s not a [[Friends-词汇总表#headboard\|headboard]], it’s just not worth it.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is waiting for Janice to arrive, and is angrily fllipping through a magazine.

**Janice:** *(entering)* How’s my Bing-a-ling?

**Chandler:** Ah, I don’t know, you tell me. Anything you ah, wanna tell me, because, if you ah, you should, if you, you would, tell me.

**Janice:** Why are your eyes so white?

**Chandler:** You tell me! Maybe, it’s because I was just [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fooling]] with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you!!

**Janice:** Oh my God!!

**Chandler:** All right!

**Janice:** How did you know?

**Chandler:** Joey told me, he saw you two kissing.

**Janice:** In the park?

**Chandler:** No! In his office! How many kisses were there?

**Janice:** Just those two!

**Chandler:** Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!

**Janice:** Oh, I’m sorry honey, I’m so, so, *(nasally)* haaaaa! I’m so, so sorry, I just *(nasally)* haaaaaa! But I, oh what happened was, I-I-I can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]]. Can you get me a bag, or something?

**Chandler:** *(giving her a bag)* Here.

*(Janice starts to breath into it and sucks in the reciept, and then spits it out.)*

**Janice:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#receipt\|receipt]].

**Chandler:** I’ll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? *(Janice shakes her head no)* Are you finished with him? *(Janice shakes her head no)* Do you still love him? *(Janice shakes her head yes)* Do you still love me? *(Janice shakes her head yes)* All right look, *(grabs the bag)* I’m gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me? *(his phone starts to ring)*

**Janice:** I don’t know.

**Phoebe:** *(rushing in)* Okay. If you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] you answer your phone!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, and Joey are there.

**Monica:** Okay, Ben, I won’t tell your daddy that you had ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] for dinner, if you don’t tell about our little [[Friends-词汇总表#bonk\|bonking]] [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]].

**Rachel:** Monica, number one, I don’t think Ben understands the [[Friends-词汇总表#concept\|concept]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#bribery\|bribery]], and number two, I... *(Joey starts laughing in the background)* *(to Joey)* What?!

**Joey:** You said number two.

**Rachel:** I also said number one.

**Joey:** I know. *(giggles harder)*

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey! Everyone.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Ross:** How’s my little boy?

**Rachel:** He’s perfect, he’s never been better.

**Ross:** *(noticing the outfit he is wearing)* What’d you do, take him [[Friends-词汇总表#whale\|whaling]]?

**Ben:** Monica.

**Ross:** Oh my God, he just said your name, that’s great! Good job Ben.

**Ben:** Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]!

**Monica:** Oh that’s right, that’s what I’d sound like if I [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|exploded]].

**Phoebe:** Woo-Hoo! The [[Friends-词汇总表#curse\|curse]] is broken! I called everybody I know, and everyone is [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]].

**Joey:** Uh.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Joey:** Ugly Naked Guy looks [[Friends-词汇总表#awfully\|awfully]] still. *(Phoebe runs to the window and gasps.)*


> [!scene] Cut to later, all except Chandler are staring out the window at Ugly Naked Guy.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! I killed him! I killed another one! And this [[Friends-词汇总表#curse\|curse]] is getting [[Friends-词汇总表#stronger\|stronger]] too, to bring down something that big.

**Rachel:** Well maybe he’s just taking a [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]].

**Joey:** I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]]’ ya, he hasn’t moved since this morning.

**Monica:** All right, we should call somebody.

**Ross:** And tell them what? The naked guy we [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stare]] at all the time isn’t moving.

**Rachel:** Well, we have gotta find out if he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]].

**Monica:** How are we gonna do that? There’s no way.

**Joey:** Well, there is one way. His window’s open, I say, we [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poke]] him.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is throwing darts, as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those [[Friends-词汇总表#chopstick\|chopsticks]] for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Well, now we got a reason.

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** Well, we’re fashioning a very long [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poking]] device.

**Chandler:** All right.

**Joey:** Hey uh, what’s a matter?

**Chandler:** I talked to Janice.

**Joey:** Oh my God, is she going back to him?

**Chandler:** She doesn’t know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] pack of [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condoms]]. And now I can’t even return them, because she [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choked]] on the reciept!

**Joey:** What are you ah, what are you gonna do?

**Chandler:** I don’t know, y'know. What, what, would you do?

**Joey:** Well, it doesn’t matter what I would do.

**Chandler:** Come on, tell me.

**Joey:** All right, you’re probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, *(Chandler gets ready to throw another dart)* I would ah, I would [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] out.

**Chandler:** What? *(turns around quickly still ready to throw the dart and Joey quickly ducks and hides behind the chair)* What are you, what are you talking about?

**Joey:** They have a kid together, y'know. They’re like, they’re like a family, and if, I don’t know, there’s chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn’t want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poke]] a nude guy?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross has just finished putting Ben to sleep, and is entering from Rachel’s room.

**Ross:** Well, he’s finally alseep. About that ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] on his head?

**Rachel:** Are you, are you, are you sure it’s ah, a new [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]]? I mean, no [[Friends-词汇总表#offense\|offense]], I’ve always thought of Ben as a [[Friends-词汇总表#fairly\|fairly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bumpy\|bumpy]] headed child.

**Ross:** It’s okay if he [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bumps]] his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time [[Friends-词汇总表#babysitting\|babysitting]], I figured you did the best you could.

**Rachel:** *(confidently)* I did!

**Ross:** I know! I’m saying you have to watch them all the time.

**Rachel:** I did!! I watched! I watched! I watched Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]] his head against that thing!

**Ross:** Monica did it?

*(Monica runs into the kitchen from the terrace.)*

**Ross:** Monica?

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Umm, did you notice anything [[Friends-词汇总表#wierd\|wierd]] about Ben today?

**Monica:** No. Why?

**Ross:** Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the [[Friends-词汇总表#alphabet\|alphabet]] song, which he used to be really good at, but [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] he’s leaving out ‘e’ and ‘f.’ It’s like they just ah, I don’t know, [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] out of his head.

**Monica:** Really?!

**Ross:** Oh, and also, he’s, he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#walkin\|walkin]]’ kind of funny, his left [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] is moving a lot [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]] than his right leg, and he’s in there just sort of y'know... *(walks around in a circle)*

**Monica:** Oh my God, I [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wrecked]] your baby!! *(runs into the bedroom)*

**Rachel:** I hope it’s still funny when you’re in hell.

**Monica:** *(coming out of the bedroom)* You [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]]! You know how much I love that kid!

*(starts to chase Ross around the living room)*

**Ross:** Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]! Monica bang! *(runs into one of the posts)* Ow!

**Rachel:** I’ll get the hat.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Janice are there.

**Chandler:** Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it’s, it’s, it’s not gonna be easy.

**Janice:** Okay.

**Chandler:** I think you should go back with Gary. I don’t wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know ‘You’re the reason, you are the reason why their not together.’ and I hated that guy. And it didn’t matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.

**Janice:** Wow!

**Chandler:** Yeah, well. It’s the right thing to do.

**Janice:** Oh! You’re right. Oh God. But, before I can say ‘good-bye’, there’s something I really need you to know, Chandler. The way I feel about you, it’s like, I finally understand what Lionel Richie’s been [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] about. Y'know, I mean what we have, it’s like movie love, you’re my [[Friends-词汇总表#soulmate\|soulmate]], and I can’t believe we’re not going to be spending the rest of our lives together.

**Chandler:** Then don’t leave me!

**Janice:** What?

**Chandler:** Forget what I said, I was [[Friends-词汇总表#babble\|babbling]]! Pick me!

**Janice:** No, you were right, you were right. I mean, I-I-I’ve got to give my [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] another chance.

**Chandler:** No you don’t! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance.

**Janice:** *(standing up)* I’m sorry. *(hugs him)*

**Chandler:** Ohhh. Don’t go.

**Janice:** No, I-I-I gotta go. *(she starts to walk away, but Chandler doesn’t let her go.)*

**Chandler:** No. No! No! No!

**Janice:** Honey, honey, people are looking.

**Chandler:** I don’t care! *(turns around and to the people watching them)* I don’t care!!

**Janice:** Yeah, um, I’m, I’m leaving now. *(tries to get her leg out of Chandler’s grasp, she finally does, but Chandler takes off her shoe.)*

**Chandler:** You can’t leave! I have your [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]]!

**Janice:** Good-bye Chandler Bing. *(walks out with one shoe)*

**Gunther:** Rachel has those in burgendy.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey, Rachel, Monica, Phoebe, and Ross are holding the giant poking device.

**Joey:** All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, [[Friends-词汇总表#fortunately\|fortunately]] I have a lot of experience in that area.

**Ross:** Can we please focus here, a naked man’s life hangs in the balance!

**Phoebe:** I’m telling you he’s dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.

**Joey:** All right, ladies and [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]], let’s [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poke]]. *(they start to advance the giant poking device)* Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the [[Friends-词汇总表#angle\|angle]]. Okay, okay, we’re approaching the window *(as he says this the camera cuts to their view of Ugly Naked Guy, so that we actually see him!)* Thread the [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]]. Thread the needle.

*(They thread the needle and start poking him, he then stirs.)*

**Phoebe:** He’s [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]! He’s a-live!!!

**Monica:** And yet, we’re still [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poking]] him.

**Joey:** Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#retract\|retract]] the device, retract the device.

**Ross:** He does not look happy.

**Rachel:** Hey-hey, now he’s showing us his [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poking]] device.

**Joey:** Hey, that’s never gonna make it all the way over here, buddy!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is listening to a Lionel Richie album

**Chandler:** *(singing)* I’ll hold you close in my [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]]. *(Phoebe enters)* I can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#resist\|resist]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charms]]. And love....

**Phoebe:** *(joining him)* Love.... Chandler and Phoebe: I’ll be a [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] for you. I’m sure, you know I don’t mind.

**Chandler:** *(high pitched)* No you know I don’t mind. Chandler and Phoebe: Yes! You mean the world the world to me. Oh...

**Chandler:** I know.

**Phoebe:** I know.

**Chandler:** I’ve found.

**Phoebe:** I’ve found.... Chandler and Phoebe: ...in you, my [[Friends-词汇总表#endless\|endless]] *(Phoebe goes high pitched, Chandler goes low pitched)* love. *(they both look at each other.)* My [[Friends-词汇总表#endless\|endless]] love. *(once again they don’t match tones, and they just look at each other)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（24）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 7 | 126 | 70 | *Or. We could put a hat on his head.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 5 | 219 | 100 | *You guys, Joey just saw Janice kissing her ex-husband.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 4 | 142 | 105 | *Pheebs, come on, you didn’t kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the den* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Pheebs, come on, you didn’t kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the den* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *I’ll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me?  Are you finished with him?  D* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *They have a kid together, y'know. They’re like, they’re like a family, and if, I don’t know, there’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist’s blouse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *All right, fine, fine, but if you’re my next victim, don’t come back as a poltergeist and like suck * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *I promise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *The second that Ross walks in that door, I want you take him back to your bedroom and do whatever it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I’m not wrong! I wish I was. I’m sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn’t sound so bad now, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Okay, Ben, I won’t tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don’t tell about our li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *She doesn’t know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *I hope it’s still funny when you’re in hell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *I think you should go back with Gary. I don’t wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Oh! You’re right. Oh God. But, before I can say ‘good-bye’, there’s something I really need you to k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Forget what I said, I was babbling! Pick me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *No you don’t! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh. Don’t go.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *How’s my Bing-a-ling?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Can we please focus here, a naked man’s life hangs in the balance!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *I’m telling you he’s dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke.  Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the * |

### 常用词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 6 | 38 | 30 | *No! Oh! You’re alive! You’re alive!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 5 | 23 | 19 | *So we’re okay, we’re okay, we’re okay,  aren’t we? No, we’re not okay, we’re not okay, there’s a bum* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 3 | 68 | 35 | *Oh my God! Well push it in! Push it in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 2 | 39 | 27 | *Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] | /spu:n/ | n. 匙, 调羹, 匙形工具 | n. a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to | 2 | 17 | 12 | *Look Benny, spoon.  Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he’s bored.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 2 | 152 | 44 | *Janice’s birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]] | /gʌm/ | n. 树胶, 橡皮, 橡皮糖, 牙床, 老天 | n. any of various substances (soluble in water) that exude from certain plants;  | 2 | 22 | 15 | *Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 2 | 58 | 39 | *Oh, and also, he’s, he’s walkin’ kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Neither will I.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 60 | 37 | *Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1 | 24 | 17 | *Yes, while I was in the chair! That’s why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it’s not ab* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Well, you could wait ‘til I go to the dentist, maybe I’ll kill him.* |
| ewww |  | [网络] 杀死敌人；图片；恶恶恶 |  | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] | /peint/ | n. 油漆, 颜料, 绘画作品, 涂漆 | n. a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a  | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Well, they painted over the word ‘Sapien’ for one thing, then they rearranged the figures, let’s jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *You? You! Want to watch Ben?  Yes! That’d be great, no, I just wanted to ask Monica, because I know * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *Hey-hey, I’m not judging.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 1 | 38 | 27 | *Look Benny, spoon.  Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he’s bored.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *So we’re okay, we’re okay, we’re okay,  aren’t we? No, we’re not okay, we’re not okay, there’s a bum* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *The second that Ross walks in that door, I want you take him back to your bedroom and do whatever it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *Where are we gonna find a tiny little hat?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genius\|genius]] | /'dʒi:njәs/ | n. 天才, 天赋, 精神, 神魔 | n. someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Because he’ll know what to do?  Oh my God, you’re a genius!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] | /pri'fә:/ | vt. 宁可, 较喜欢, 提出 | v. like better; value more highly | 1 | 15 | 15 | *I’d really prefer a mountain bike.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] | /baik/ | n. 自行车, 脚踏车 | n a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame | 1 | 37 | 14 | *I’d really prefer a mountain bike.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] | /'kændi/ | n. 糖果, 冰糖 | n. a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts | 1 | 57 | 23 | *Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *That’s a good idea, ‘Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday’. I would like to get her something ser* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Besides, it takes the focus off the hat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Sure, we have no money, go ahead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Oh-ho-ho, sweetie, sweetie, you gotta stop saying that, now. It’s no big deal, it’s not even worth m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *You tell me! Maybe, it’s because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]] | /bri:ð/ | vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语 | v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs | 1 | 37 | 18 | *Oh, I’m sorry honey, I’m so, so,  haaaaa! I’m so, so sorry, I just  haaaaaa! But I, oh what happened* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 1 | 32 | 22 | *Okay, Ben, I won’t tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don’t tell about our li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]] | /'insidәnt/ | n. 事件, 事变, 小事 | n. a single distinct event | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Okay, Ben, I won’t tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don’t tell about our li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] | /næp/ | n. 小睡, 稍睡, 细毛, 孤注一掷 | n. a soft or fuzzy surface texture | 1 | 28 | 20 | *Well maybe he’s just taking a nap.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]] | /'telin/ | 樱蛤 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *I’m tellin’ ya, he hasn’t moved since this morning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 21 | 17 | *She doesn’t know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] | /'kɒndәm/ | n. 避孕套 | n. contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is w | 1 | 18 | 13 | *She doesn’t know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choke]] | /tʃәuk/ | vt. 窒息, 阻塞, 噎, 抑制 | n. a coil of low resistance and high inductance used in electrical circuits to p | 1 | 12 | 11 | *She doesn’t know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] | /'sʌdәnli/ | adv. 突然, 意外, 忽然, 迅速, 即席作成, 即刻, 急速 | r. happening unexpectedly | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]] |  | [计] 加快 | a acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Oh, and also, he’s, he’s walkin’ kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wreck]] | /rek/ | n. 失事, 残骸, 破坏 | n. something or someone that has suffered ruin or dilapidation | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Oh my God, I wrecked your baby!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *You jerk! You know how much I love that kid!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] | /split/ | n. 劈开, 裂片, 裂缝, 分裂, 派系, 派别, 柳条 | n. extending the legs at right angles to the trunk (one in front and the other i | 1 | 26 | 21 | *I think you should go back with Gary. I don’t wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *I think you should go back with Gary. I don’t wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *Oh! You’re right. Oh God. But, before I can say ‘good-bye’, there’s something I really need you to k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *No, you were right, you were right. I mean, I-I-I’ve got to give my marriage another chance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]] | /ʃu:/ | n. 鞋, 靴, 外胎 | n. footwear shaped to fit the foot (below the ankle) with a flexible upper of le | 1 | 31 | 14 | *You can’t leave! I have your shoe!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke.  Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke.  Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *I’ll hold you close in my arms.  I can’t resist your charms. And love....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charm]] | /tʃɑ:m/ | n. 吸引力, 魔力, 符咒 | n. something believed to bring good luck | 1 | 19 | 14 | *I’ll hold you close in my arms.  I can’t resist your charms. And love....* |

### 低频词（72）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]] | /bæŋ/ | n. 重击, 突然巨响, 刘海 | n. a sudden very loud noise | 13 | 22 | 9 | *Monica bang!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]] | /'dentist/ | n. 牙科医生 | n. a person qualified to practice dentistry | 7 | 12 | 6 | *So what’s a matter, you need a dentist? I’ve got a good one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homo\|homo]] | /'hәumәu/ | [化] 最高占据轨道 | n. any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superio | 3 | 9 | 3 | *Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]] | /breiv/ | a. 勇敢的, 美好的, 华丽的 | n. a North American Indian warrior | 3 | 12 | 8 | *Who’s so brave, you’re so brave, yes you are, you’re so brave.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poke]] | /pәuk/ | n. 刺, 戳, 袋子 | n. tall coarse perennial American herb having small white flowers followed by bl | 3 | 10 | 7 | *Well, there is one way. His window’s open, I say, we poke him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sapien\|sapien]] |  | n. 智慧 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sapiens\|sapiens]] | /'seipjәnz/ | a. （拉）现代人的 | a. of or relating to or characteristic of Homo sapiens | 2 | 3 | 2 | *If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact ‘Homo-sapien’, is that why there extinct?* |
| weee |  | [网络] 报废电子电气设备指令(Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment)；废 |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here.  We’re gonna do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pearl\|pearl]] | /pә:l/ | n. 珍珠, 珠灰色, 杰出者, 珍贵之物 | n. a smooth lustrous round structure inside the shell of a clam or oyster; much  | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barium\|barium]] | /'bєәriәm/ | n. 钡 | n. a soft silvery metallic element of the alkali earth group; found in barite | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, bariu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curse\|curse]] | /kә:s/ | n. 咒骂, 诅咒 | n. profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger | 2 | 8 | 6 | *Woo-Hoo! The curse is broken! I called everybody I know, and everyone is alive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steady\|steady]] | /'stedi/ | a. 稳定的, 不动摇的, 沉着的, 稳固的, 坚定的, 经常的 | v. make steady | 2 | 6 | 3 | *All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke.  Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]] | /'ni:dl/ | n. 针, 尖 | n. a slender pointer for indicating the reading on the scale of a measuring inst | 2 | 8 | 5 | *All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke.  Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#retract\|retract]] | /ri'trækt/ | v. 缩回, 收回, 取消, 撤消 | v. use a surgical instrument to hold open (the edges of a wound or an organ) | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Okay, retract the device, retract the device.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#endless\|endless]] | /'endlis/ | a. 不停的, 无穷尽的, 无尽的 | s. tiresomely long; seemingly without end | 2 | 3 | 2 | *I’ve found.... Chandler and Phoebe: ...in you, my endless  love.  My endless love.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homemade\|homemade]] | /'hәum'meid/ | a. 自制的, 国产的 | a. made or produced in the home or by yourself | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special homemade brownies?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brownie\|brownie]] | /'brauni/ | n. 界仁巧克力饼 | n. a junior Girl Scout | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special homemade brownies?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tooth\|tooth]] | /tu:θ/ | n. 牙齿, 齿状物, 爱好 | n. hard bonelike structures in the jaws of vertebrates; used for biting and chew | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No, no, it’s just my tooth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] | /in'vizәbl/ | a. 看不见的, 无形的 | a. impossible or nearly impossible to see; imperceptible by the eye | 1 | 10 | 9 | *See that is the problem with invisible dentists.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hygienist\|hygienist]] | /'haidʒi:nist/ | n. 卫生学者 | n. a medical specialist in hygiene | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist’s blouse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouse]] | /blauz/ | n. 宽松的上衣 | n. a top worn by women | 1 | 8 | 8 | *That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist’s blouse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mailman\|mailman]] | /'meilmæn/ | n. 邮递员 | n. a man who delivers the mail | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]] | /'kaubɒi/ | n. 牛仔, 牛郎, 牧童 | n. a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#albino\|albino]] | /æl'bi:nәu/ | n. 白化病者, 白化体 | n. a person with congenital albinism: white hair and milky skin; eyes are usuall | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hygiene\|hygiene]] | /'haidʒi:n/ | n. 卫生保健, 卫生学, 保健法 | n. a condition promoting sanitary practices | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, while I was in the chair! That’s why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it’s not ab* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|floss]] | /flɒs/ | n. 丝棉, 乱丝 | n. a soft loosely twisted thread used in embroidery | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yes, while I was in the chair! That’s why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it’s not ab* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coincidence\|coincidence]] | /kәu'insidәns/ | n. 巧合, 同时发生 | n. an event that might have been arranged although it was really accidental | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Pheebs, come on, you didn’t kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the den* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] | /'næpkin/ | n. 餐巾, 餐巾纸, 尿布 | n. a small piece of table linen that is used to wipe the mouth and to cover the  | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Thanks, Gunther.   Hey!  Umm, can I get a napkin too?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#victim\|victim]] | /'viktim/ | n. 受害人, 牺牲者, 牺牲品 | n. an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse circumstance | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All right, fine, fine, but if you’re my next victim, don’t come back as a poltergeist and like suck * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poltergeist\|poltergeist]] | /'pәultә^aist/ | n. 吵闹鬼, 捣乱鬼 | n. a ghost that announces its presence with rapping and the creation of disorder | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, fine, fine, but if you’re my next victim, don’t come back as a poltergeist and like suck * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammock\|hammock]] | /'hæmәk/ | n. 吊床 | n. a hanging bed of canvas or rope netting (usually suspended between two trees) | 1 | 6 | 2 | *Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#factory\|factory]] | /'fæktәri/ | n. 工厂, 产生地, 代理店 | n. a plant consisting of one or more buildings with facilities for manufacturing | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It’s like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rearrange\|rearrange]] | /.ri:ә'reindʒ/ | vt. 再排列, 重新整理 | v. put into a new order or arrangement | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, they painted over the word ‘Sapien’ for one thing, then they rearranged the figures, let’s jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extinct\|extinct]] | /ik'stiŋkt/ | a. 熄灭的, 灭绝的, 耗尽的 | a. no longer in existence; lost or especially having died out leaving no living  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact ‘Homo-sapien’, is that why there extinct?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#benny\|benny]] | /'beni/ | n. 安非他明(药片) | n. United States comedian known for his timeing and delivery and self-effacing h | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Look Benny, spoon.  Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he’s bored.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#airplane\|airplane]] | /'єәplein/ | n. 飞机 | n. an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered by propellers or jets | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here.  We’re gonna do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#distraction\|distraction]] | /dis'trækʃәn/ | n. 娱乐, 分心的事物, 分心 | n. mental turmoil | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, we’re gonna need a distraction.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rainy\|rainy]] | /'reini/ | a. 下雨的, 多雨的 | s (of weather) wet by periods of rain | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, oh, oh, I’ll get ‘Rainy Day Bear’!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sow\|sow]] | /sau. sәu/ | n. 母猪, 懒胖女人 | n. an adult female hog | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh God, oh God, it’s sowed on though.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloodbath\|bloodbath]] | /'blʌdbɑ:θ/ | n. 大屠杀 | n. indiscriminate slaughter | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, it’s just like a bloodbath in here today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enema\|enema]] | /'enimә/ | n. 灌肠剂 | n. an injection of a liquid through the anus to stimulate evacuation; sometimes  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, bariu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mattress\|mattress]] | /'mætris/ | n. 床垫, 空气垫, 沉床 | n. a large thick pad filled with resilient material and often incorporating coil | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Okay. I went down to the ‘Mattress King’ showroom and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-husband.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#showroom\|showroom]] | /'ʃәuru:m/ | n. 陈列室 | n. an area where merchandise (such as cars) can be displayed | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay. I went down to the ‘Mattress King’ showroom and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-husband.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ensemble\|ensemble]] | /ɒn'sɒŋblә/ | n. 全体, 合唱曲, (女人的)全套服装 | n. a group of musicians playing or singing together | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It just makes more sense as an ensemble.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] | /ræt/ | n. 鼠, 卑鄙的人, 破坏者, 变节者 | n. any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse | 1 | 20 | 9 | *Oh my God! He’s gonna rat me out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headboard\|headboard]] | /'hedbɒ:d/ | n. 床头板 | n. a vertical board or panel forming the head of a bedstead | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh yeah! Y'know, if it’s not a headboard, it’s just not worth it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#receipt\|receipt]] | /ri'si:t/ | n. 收据, 收入, 收到 | n. an acknowledgment (usually tangible) that payment has been made | 1 | 4 | 4 | *The receipt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bonk\|bonk]] | /bɒŋk/ | n. &v. 发出巨响, （与with连用）性交 | v have sexual intercourse with | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, Ben, I won’t tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don’t tell about our li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concept\|concept]] | /'kɒnsept/ | n. 观念, 概念 | n. an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Monica, number one, I don’t think Ben understands the concept of bribery, and number two, I...   Wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bribery\|bribery]] | /'braibәri/ | n. 贿赂行为, 行贿, 受贿 | n. the practice of offering something (usually money) in order to gain an illici | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Monica, number one, I don’t think Ben understands the concept of bribery, and number two, I...   Wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whale\|whale]] | /hweil/ | n. 鲸 | n. any of the larger cetacean mammals having a streamlined body and breathing th | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What’d you do, take him whaling?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|explode]] | /ik'splәud/ | vi. 爆炸, 爆发, 激增 | v. cause to burst with a violent release of energy | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh that’s right, that’s what I’d sound like if I exploded.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awfully\|awfully]] | /'ɒ:fuli/ | adv. 恶劣地, 非常地, 极端地 | r used as intensifiers | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Ugly Naked Guy looks awfully still.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stronger\|stronger]] |  | [经] 强劲的 | a having strength or power greater than average or expected | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh my God! I killed him! I killed another one! And this curse is getting stronger too, to bring down* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stare]] | /stєә/ | vi. 注视, 凝视, 瞪视, 显眼 | n. a fixed look with eyes open wide | 1 | 8 | 8 | *And tell them what? The naked guy we stare at all the time isn’t moving.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chopstick\|chopstick]] | /'tʃɔpstik/ | n. 筷子 | n. one of a pair of slender sticks used as oriental tableware to eat food with | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] | /bәu.bau/ | n. 弓, 眼睛框 | n. a knot with two loops and loose ends; used to tie shoelaces | 1 | 9 | 6 | *All right, you’re probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me,  I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offense\|offense]] | /ә'fens/ | n. 犯罪, 伤感情, 攻击 | n. the team that has the ball (or puck) and is trying to score | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Are you, are you, are you sure it’s ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I’ve always thought of Ben a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fairly\|fairly]] | /'fєәli/ | adv. 美观地, 公平地, 相当地, 清楚地 | r. without favoring one party, in a fair evenhanded manner | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Are you, are you, are you sure it’s ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I’ve always thought of Ben a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bumpy\|bumpy]] | /'bʌmpi/ | a. 颠簸的, 崎岖不平的 | s. covered with or full of bumps | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Are you, are you, are you sure it’s ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I’ve always thought of Ben a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babysitting\|babysitting]] |  | n. 当临时保姆 | n. the work of a baby sitter; caring for children when their parents are not hom | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s okay if he bumps his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wierd\|wierd]] |  |  | wierd | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Umm, did you notice anything wierd about Ben today?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alphabet\|alphabet]] | /'ælfәbit/ | n. 字母 | n. a character set that includes letters and is used to write a language | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#walkin\|walkin]] |  | n. (Walkin)人名；(瑞典)瓦尔金 |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Oh, and also, he’s, he’s walkin’ kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gary\|gary]] | /'^eәri/ | n. 盖理 | n. a city in northwest Indiana on Lake Michigan; steel production | 1 | 24 | 8 | *I think you should go back with Gary. I don’t wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when * |
| lionel | /'laiәnl/ | n. 莱昂内尔（男子名） | n. The whelp of a lioness; a young lion. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh! You’re right. Oh God. But, before I can say ‘good-bye’, there’s something I really need you to k* |
| richie |  | n. 里奇（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh! You’re right. Oh God. But, before I can say ‘good-bye’, there’s something I really need you to k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soulmate\|soulmate]] | /ˈsəʊlmeɪt/ | n. 心灵伴侣, 知音, 梦中情人 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh! You’re right. Oh God. But, before I can say ‘good-bye’, there’s something I really need you to k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babble\|babble]] | /'bæbl/ | vi. 牙牙学语, 喋喋不休 | n. gibberish resembling the sounds of a baby | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Forget what I said, I was babbling! Pick me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fortunately\|fortunately]] | /'fɒitʃәnitli/ | adv. 幸运地, 幸亏 | r. by good fortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angle\|angle]] | /'æŋgl/ | n. 角, 角度, 角落 | n. the space between two lines or planes that intersect; the inclination of one  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke.  Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resist\|resist]] | /ri'zist/ | v. 抵抗, 耐得住, 抵制, 反抗 | v. stand up or offer resistance to somebody or something | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I’ll hold you close in my arms.  I can’t resist your charms. And love....* |
