---
season: 3
episode: "12"
title: "The One With All The Jealousy"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E12 — The One With All The Jealousy

*Written by: Doty Abrams*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is getting ready for her first day.

**Rachel:** *(running in from her bedroom, wearing only a towel)* Okay. Hey. Umm. Does everybody hate these [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] dress.

**Rachel:** *(to Ross)* Tell him.

**Ross:** *(to Chandler)* It's her first day at this new job. Your not supposed to start with her!

**Chandler:** All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday?

**Ross:** Why?

**Chandler:** I need you to come to this [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party for my weird [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] Albert, y'know he's the [[Friends-词汇总表#botanist\|botanist]].

**Ross:** Oh God. Y'know, [[Friends-词汇总表#botanist\|botanists]] are such [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geeks]].

**Chandler:** Yeah. Is that a [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]]?

**Ross:** Hmm? Oh, yeah. *(he makes a growling sound)*

**Phoebe:** *(entering, with about 20 purses hanging around her neck)* Morning. Rach, I'm here with the [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purses]]!

**Chandler:** *(to Phoebe)* It must take you [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] to find your keys.

**Rachel:** *(running into the living room)* Thank you, thank you, thank you, Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** Your welcome, oh please not the one with the [[Friends-词汇总表#turtle\|turtles]].

**Rachel:** No, no, no, no [[Friends-词汇总表#turtle\|turtles]] [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] me. I don't need that today.

**Ross:** Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]?

**Rachel:** Oh honey, thank you, but Mark's taking me out.

**Ross:** Mark is that ah, the same Mark that helped you get the job?

**Rachel:** Yeah, it's kinda like a 'good luck on your first day' sort of thing. *(to Phoebe)* Is this actually a [[Friends-词汇总表#lunchbox\|lunchbox]]?

**Phoebe:** Umm, no, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]. And there's a [[Friends-词汇总表#thermos\|thermos]] in it.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Chandler:** *(to Ross)* Hey, so can you make it on Friday?

**Ross:** What? Oh yeah, yeah I think so. Why am I invited to this again?

**Chandler:** Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]].

**Phoebe:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] at a [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party, that is so clich. Why don't you get a [[Friends-词汇总表#magician\|magician]]?!

**Chandler:** Well, if the [[Friends-词汇总表#magician\|magician]] can open my [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] with his but [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheeks]], then all right.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Chandler are entering, Joey is on the phone.

**Ross:** She's having [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, *(to Joey)* he's really good looking. *(Joey gives an enthusiastic thumbs up)* What am I gonna do?

**Chandler:** Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]]!

*(pause) Don't cry outloud.*

**Joey:** *(hanging up the phone)* Yes! Guess who's in an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] for a Broadway musical?

**Chandler:** I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer.

**Joey:** It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] New York, New York, and ah, oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.

**Ross:** Ah Joey, I don't think you get to pick the cities.

**Joey:** What?

**Ross:** Mr. Dickens gets to pick 'em.

**Joey:** Who?

**Chandler:** I'll get you the Cliff Notes.

**Joey:** The what?

**Chandler:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#abridgment\|abridgment]].

**Joey:** Oh, okay. *(to Ross)* The what?


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's office, Mark is training Rachel.

**Mark:** ...and the style number, and the [[Friends-词汇总表#invoice\|invoice]] number, and the shipping date. Good. Any questions so far?

**Rachel:** Yeah. What kind of discount do we get?

**Mark:** Twenty percent.

**Rachel:** Oh!! I love this job! *(her phone rings)* Wow! My first call.

**Mark:** Here, let me. *(answers phone)* Rachel Green's line, how may I help you?

**Ross:** *(on phone)* Hi, is Rachel there?

**Mark:** And who may I say is calling?

**Ross:** This is Ross?

**Mark:** Ross of.....

**Ross:** Of Ross and Rachel.

**Mark:** Oh hi. It's, it's Mark.

**Ross:** Oh hey, hey Mark.

**Mark:** Hey, hold on a second.

**Ross:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Hi honey!

**Ross:** Hi! What's ah, what's Mark doing answering your phone?

**Rachel:** Oh, he's just [[Friends-词汇总表#goof\|goofing]] around.

**Ross:** Ohhhhh yeah, that's, that's funny. Why ah, why isn't he [[Friends-词汇总表#goof\|goofing]] around in his own office?

**Rachel:** Oh honey, this is his office too. I told you we're Joanna's two assistants.

**Ross:** Why does Joanna need two assistants, how, how [[Friends-词汇总表#lazy\|lazy]] is she?

**Rachel:** Oh! Oh my God! What did I just do?

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** I think I just shipped 3,000 [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bras]] to personnel. Oh honey, I gotta go.

*(to Mark) Mark, I need you!*

**Ross:** Okay, bye-bye. *(starts slamming the receiver down in anger.)*

**Rachel:** Ow! Ross!!

**Ross:** Oh, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry sweetie, I was just trying to ah, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dialing]] another number. *(hangs up)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Moondance diner, Monica is cleaning up with one of the waiters, with her back turned to him she removes her fake breasts and hides them under her wig.

**Jeannine:** *(to Monica)* All right, I just got changed in [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] seconds so you can be alone with him. You'd better go for it.

**Monica:** Please, I'm not going for anything.

**Jeannine:** Well, if you don't, I will.

**Monica:** Would you please go?

**Jeannine:** Night Mon. Night Julio.

**Julio:** *(to Jeannine)* Adios.

*(Monica starts wiping down the stools, as Julio follows along behind her replacing the napkin holders.)*

**Monica:** Look Julio, someone left their book here.

**Julio:** Ah actually, that is mine.

**Monica:** Oh yeah, what are you reading?

**Julio:** Flowers of Evil, by Beaudalire. Have you read it?

**Monica:** Have I read it? *(pause)* No, are you enjoying it?

**Julio:** I thought I would, but the translation's no good.

**Monica:** Your a [[Friends-词汇总表#poet\|poet]] and don't know it. *(she turns away and makes a face like 'I can't believe I just said that.')*

**Julio:** Actually I ah, I am a [[Friends-词汇总表#poet\|poet]].

**Monica:** Oh, then you do know it. *(pause)* So um what kind of things do you write about?

**Julio:** Things that move me. The, the [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] of a tree, a child laughing, or this [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]]. *(points to her lip)*

**Monica:** Mine? *(points to her lower lip)* Right here?

**Julio:** I can write an [[Friends-词汇总表#epic\|epic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] about this [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]]. *(grabs her lower lip)*

**Monica:** How would that go? *(they kiss)* Well, it didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]], but I liked it.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's audition.

**Joey:** *(singing)* You've got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss, *(picks a handkerchief from the pianist's pocket)* you've got to pick a pocket or two..........

**Director:** Lovely, just [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]].

**Joey:** Really? Thanks.

**Director:** Listen Joey, we definitely want to see you for the [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] on Saturday.

**Joey:** Excellent, I'll be there.

**Director:** Okay, and listen don't forget to bring your [[Friends-词汇总表#jazz\|jazz]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] for the dance [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]].

**Joey:** Ahhh! My ah, my agent said it wasn't a dancing part.

**Director:** Joey, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piece of [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]].


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is reading Joey's resume.

**Chandler:** ....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!

**Joey:** Hey, everybody lies on their [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]], okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either.

**Phoebe:** Well, can you dance at all?

**Joey:** Yeah, I can dance, y'know. *(starts to dance really, really, really badly)*

**Chandler:** Oh no, no, no, no.

**Phoebe:** *(covering her mouth in shock)* What, what is that?

**Joey:** Sure, it looks stupid now, there's no music playing.

*(phone rings)*

**Chandler:** All right, I have to get that, but no-no. *(answering phone)* Hello?

*(listens) (happily) Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. (listens) Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred?*

*(listens) So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?*

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Phoebe:** Oh, how was last night with Julio, [[Friends-词汇总表#senorita\|senorita]]?

**Monica:** It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even [[Friends-词汇总表#sexier\|sexier]]. Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], I gotta so you this. Last night, we were [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fooling]] around and he stops to write a [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]].

**Joey:** Get out! I couldn't stop if a [[Friends-词汇总表#meteor\|meteor]] hit me.

**Chandler:** Okay, we have our [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]]. A miss Crystal Chandelier.

**Joey:** Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?

**Monica:** Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] with him. Now, I am like totally [[Friends-词汇总表#dense\|dense]] about [[Friends-词汇总表#poetry\|poetry]], but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out.

*(hands them the poem)*

**Joey:** *(reading)* The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...

**Chandler:** To yourself. *(finishing)* Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good.

**Monica:** Oh good, I think so too. Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah.

**Monica:** Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.

*(tries to take the poem)*

**Joey:** Whoa, I'm not done.

**Monica:** All right, just give it back to me when your done. See you guys.

**Chandler:** Bye-bye.

*(Monica leaves)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, oh my God! Poor Monica!

**Chandler:** What, what, what?!

**Phoebe:** What?! He was with her when he wrote this [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]]. Look, *(reading)* 'My [[Friends-词汇总表#vessel\|vessel]] so [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem [[Friends-词汇总表#emptier\|emptier]] still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty [[Friends-词汇总表#vase\|vase]]!

**Chandler:** You really think that is what he meant?

**Phoebe:** Oh, totally. Oh, God, oh, she seemed so happy too.

**Joey:** Done.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's office, her desk is covered with stuff Ross has sent her.

**Mark:** *(reaching through the flowers)* Do you have the, the Ralph Lauren file?

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah, sure, it's umm... *(she picks up this bug and it starts to play the theme from Love Story)*

**Mark:** Wh-what's that?

**Ross:** It's from Ross, it's a love bug.

**Mark:** Wow! Somebody wants people to know you have a boyfriend.

**Rachel:** Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]].

**Man:** *(to Rachel)* Ah, excuse me, are you Rachel Green?

**Rachel:** Yes.

**Man:** *(being joined by the rest of the barbershop quartet)* One, two, three...

**Quartet:** *(singing)* Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]].

**The Bass Barber:** Omm-pah, omm-pah, omm-pah.

**Quartet:** *(singing)* And you know who will be there to support... you?! Your one and only boyfriend...

**The Bass Barber:** It's nice to have a boyfriend.

**Quartet:** Your [[Friends-词汇总表#loyal\|loyal]] loving boyfriend Ross..... Ross!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Rachel are entering the living room from her bedroom.

**Ross:** I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!

**Rachel:** All right Ross!! I get it!!

**Ross:** I mean my God...

**Rachel:** You're hurt!

**Ross:** ...can't, can't a guy send a [[Friends-词汇总表#barbershop\|barbershop]] [[Friends-词汇总表#quartet\|quartet]] to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!

**Rachel:** Oh, please, Ross it was so [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]]! It was like you were marking your [[Friends-词汇总表#territory\|territory]]. I mean you might have well have just come in and [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|peed]] all around my desk!

**Ross:** I would never do that!

**Rachel:** Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explained]] it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.

**Ross:** Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Ross, Joey are there.

**Joey:** Mark's a [[Friends-词汇总表#genius\|genius]]!

**Ross:** Why?! How?! How is he a [[Friends-词汇总表#genius\|genius]]?

**Chandler:** Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her [[Friends-词汇总表#confidant\|confidant]]. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complain]] about you.

**Ross:** What am I going to do?

**Chandler:** Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.

**Ross:** I don't know you guys.

**Chandler:** All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, [[Friends-词汇总表#meanwhile\|meanwhile]] she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'

**Joey:** And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, *(sadly)* 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'

**Chandler:** He [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paints]] quite a picture doesn't he?


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's office.

**Woman:** *(walking up to Mark)* Here's the Shelly Siegal stuff from December.

**Mark:** *(turning around)* And wait, I've got something for you. *(kisses her)*

**Woman:** Mark!!

**Mark:** It's okay, Rachel knows.

**Woman:** Yeah, but even soo.

*(Ross appears in the hallway just outside of Rachel's office.)*

**Mark:** I can't help it, I'm just, I'm just crazy about you.

**Rachel:** Ohhh! That is soo sweet! *(gets up to get herself a cup of coffee)*

*(Ross is eavesdropping in the hallway.)*

**Mark:** Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]], I mean see you walking around and I just wanna touch you and hold you, come on no one's around, just, just kiss me.

*(They start to kiss, and Ross rushes into the office to break it up.)*

**Ross:** All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!

**Mark:** What is going on?

**Ross:** What's going on?! *(throws the love bug at him)* That's what's going on!!

**Rachel:** *(now standing behind Ross)* Ross!

*(Ross finally looks at the woman kissing Mark.)*

**Ross:** I have been down in your store for [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] minutes trying to get a [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]]! What do I have to do to get some service?! *(turns to Rachel)* Hi Rach. *(He's puts his hand on her shoulder and she knocks it away.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's dance audition, Joey is warming up.

**Director:** Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]], he's having a relationship [[Friends-词汇总表#crisis\|crisis]] and can't get out of Long Island.

**Joey:** So, does that mean the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] is off?

**Director:** Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancers]] and show them the [[Friends-词汇总表#combination\|combination]].

**Joey:** What?!

**Director:** Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, *(very quickly, Joey watches stunned)* up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slide]] back, step, step, step, and [[Friends-词汇总表#jazz\|jazz]] hands!

**Joey:** It's ah, step-ity, step and [[Friends-词汇总表#jazz\|jazz]] hands.

**Director:** Have fun.

**Joey:** Bye. *(does the jazz hands)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is tying a ribbon to a vase.

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** What are you [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrapping]]?

**Monica:** Oh-ho, look what I got Julio.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#vase\|vase]].

**Monica:** Yeah, just like the one in the [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]].

**Phoebe:** Well not exactly like the one in the [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]].

**Monica:** What do you mean?

**Phoebe:** Remember how you said you were really [[Friends-词汇总表#dense\|dense]] about [[Friends-词汇总表#poetry\|poetry]]? Oh. *(hugs her)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Moondance Diner.

**Monica:** *(to Julio)* So! I'm just an [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vase\|vase]], huh?

**Julio:** What?

**Monica:** Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poems]] that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else. And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my People magazine comes on Saturday, and the new Hold Everything catalog. Y'know but that does not mean that I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]], I care about things. I care about my friends and family. You have no right to make that kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#judgment\|judgment]] about me.

**Julio:** Whoa, whoa, whoa.

**Monica:** You don't even know me...

**Julio:** Whoa, whoa, whoa, the [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] is not about you.

**Monica:** What?

**Julio:** The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.

**Monica:** I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe...

**Julio:** No, it's about all women. Well, all American women. You feel better now?

**Monica:** *(sarcastically)* Oh yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's audition, the director has returned and wants to see the combination.

**Director:** All right, let's do it!

*(The group does the same horrible dance that Joey did earlier in the show, except they're all out of sync and they do the jazz hands at the end.)*

**Director:** No, no, no. What was that?

**Joey:** I know, it was the best I could get out of them.

**Director:** Well, people!

**Joey:** People, people, people.

**Director:** Let's try it again, and this time let's watch everybody watch Joey.

*(to Joey) Show 'em how it's done. (to the pianist) Count it off.*

*(The pianist starts to play, and Joey readies himself, and then runs out of the audition.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Rachel are there.

**Rachel:** So ah, did you have fun at the [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party last night?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. *(holds up a pen)* See, she's fully dressed, right?

**Rachel:** Right.

**Chandler:** And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and *(clicks pen)* whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked! *(Rachel just stares at him.)*

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hi.

**Rachel:** Hello.

**Chandler:** Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]].

**Ross:** *(sits down next to her)* I'm sorry, I was an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]].

**Rachel:** A big [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]].

**Ross:** A big [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.

*(Gunther is eavesdropping in the background.)*

**Rachel:** Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?

**Ross:** Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.

**Gunther:** Let it be me! Let it be me!

**Rachel:** Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]. *(she kisses him)*

**Ross:** I gotta get going. Bye Chandler.

**Chandler:** Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] is kinda getting [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]], so can you pick me up some porn?

**Rachel:** Where ya going?

**Ross:** Oh, I've got to go pick up Ben, we've got a play date this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]].

**Rachel:** Ohh, with who?

**Ross:** Oh, just this woman that I met last night at the party.

**Rachel:** There was a woman at the... *(realizes)* The [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]]?!

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** You have a play date with a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]]?!

**Chandler:** Man, I gotta get a kid. *(looks at the pen and starts laughing)*

**Ross:** Ah, yeah, yeah. Umm, we started talking after she y'know, did her thing. And it turns out she's got a boy about Ben's age, so we're taking them to a [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]]-boree class. Why, is that okay?

**Rachel:** Sure, is she married?

**Ross:** Ahh, no.

**Rachel:** Oh. *(starts shaking the sugar down in a packet really hard.)*

**Ross:** Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]?

**Rachel:** Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] moms friends of her own?

**Ross:** You are totally [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]].

**Rachel:** I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]. All right this is about, umm, people [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] certain things y'know about [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|strippers]]. And y'know, and um, I...

**Ross:** Honey, I love you too.

**Rachel:** Ugh. Wait, wait, wait.

**Ross:** What?

*(She runs over and gives him a very passionate kiss.)*

**Ross:** Huh.

**Rachel:** *(to Chandler)* Well, there's a kiss that he won't forget for a couple of hours, y'know.

**Chandler:** Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]].


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Moondance Diner.

**Man:** *(entering)* Is there a Julio here?

**Julio:** *(to him)* I am Julio.

*(The rest of barbershop quartet enters, and joins him.)*

**Man:** *(singing)* Mister Pretensous, *(Monica stands up in the background)* you think there's no one [[Friends-词汇总表#finer\|finer]], well but your [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poems]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#unpublished\|unpublished]], and you work in a [[Friends-词汇总表#diner\|diner]].

**Quartet:** Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.

**Bass Singer:** No one likes a buttmunch.

**Quartet:** And your also bad in bedd-edd-edd!.

*(Monica waves at Julio.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（42）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 5 | 130 | 89 | *I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 3 | 279 | 145 | *Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 3 | 116 | 71 | *Wow! Somebody wants people to know you have a boyfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think ac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think ac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *Ah actually, that is mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Okay, and listen don't forget to bring your jazz shoes for the dance audition.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *Sure, it looks stupid now, there's no music playing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 2 | 219 | 100 | *Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Okay, bye-bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 2 | 135 | 75 | *Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got.  See, she's fully dressed, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Okay. Hey. Umm. Does everybody hate these shoes?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *It's her first day at this new job. Your not supposed to start with her!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Yeah, it's kinda like a 'good luck on your first day' sort of thing.  Is this actually a lunchbox?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *What? Oh yeah, yeah I think so. Why am I invited to this again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think ac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Yes! Guess who's in an audition for a Broadway musical?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Listen Joey, we definitely want to see you for the callback on Saturday.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Hey, everybody lies on their resume, okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Ah, excuse me, are you Rachel Green?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're goin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *I can't help it, I'm just, I'm just crazy about you.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh! That is soo sweet!* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Well not exactly like the one in the poem.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'kn* |

### 常用词（56）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 7 | 29 | 21 | *The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 4 | 61 | 44 | *Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 4 | 48 | 31 | *Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 3 | 92 | 47 | *Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 3 | 87 | 38 | *Yes! Guess who's in an audition for a Broadway musical?* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 3 | 42 | 29 | *It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 2 | 31 | 22 | *Yeah. Is that a dinosaur tie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 2 | 34 | 28 | *Twenty percent.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 2 | 34 | 27 | *Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 2 | 45 | 37 | *Lovely, just lovely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genius\|genius]] | /'dʒi:njәs/ | n. 天才, 天赋, 精神, 神魔 | n. someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality | 2 | 14 | 13 | *Mark's a genius!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] | /pen/ | n. 钢笔, 笔, 笔调, 笔杆子, 作家, 围栏, 栅栏, 禽畜 | n. a writing implement with a point from which ink flows | 2 | 22 | 11 | *Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] | /'tauәl/ | n. 手巾, 毛巾 | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 1 | 29 | 19 | *I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *Yeah. Is that a dinosaur tie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Morning. Rach, I'm here with the purses!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *It must take you forever to find your keys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] | /skєә/ | n. 惊吓, 恐慌 | n. a sudden attack of fear | 1 | 21 | 20 | *No, no, no, no turtles scare me. I don't need that today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] | /tʃi:k/ | n. 颊, 厚颜, 脸蛋 | n. either side of the face below the eyes | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave hi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 1 | 46 | 20 | *I think I just shipped 3,000 bras to personnel. Oh honey, I gotta go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 1 | 21 | 14 | *Oh, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry sweetie, I was just trying to ah, I'm dialing another number.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] | /'θә:ti/ | num. 三十, 三十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and three | 1 | 34 | 18 | *All right, I just got changed in thirty seconds so you can be alone with him. You'd better go for it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Flowers of Evil, by Beaudalire. Have you read it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]] | /raim/ | n. 韵, 押韵, 韵文 | n. correspondence in the sounds of two or more lines (especially final sounds) | 1 | 12 | 10 | *How would that go?  Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it.* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Ahhh! My ah, my agent said it wasn't a dancing part.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 1 | 67 | 29 | *Joey, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piec* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]] | /ri'zju:m/ | vt. 重新开始, 取回, 恢复 | v. take up or begin anew | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Hey, everybody lies on their resume, okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you t* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.* |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 1 | 59 | 18 | *Do you have the, the Ralph Lauren file?* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 1 | 49 | 20 | *Do you have the, the Ralph Lauren file?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] | /'ɒbviәs/ | a. 明显的, 明白的, 显然的, 平淡无奇的 | a. easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complain]] | /kәm'plein/ | v. 抱怨, 抗议, 控诉 | v. express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] | /peint/ | n. 油漆, 颜料, 绘画作品, 涂漆 | n. a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a  | 1 | 17 | 15 | *He paints quite a picture doesn't he?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] | /.inә'prәupriәt/ | a. 不适当的, 不相称的 | a. not suitable for a particular occasion etc | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]] | /'kæptin/ | n. 船长, 指挥官, 海军上校, 首领 | n. an officer holding a rank below a major but above a lieutenant | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]] | /'dɑ:nsә/ | n. 舞蹈演员, 跳舞者 | n. a performer who dances professionally | 1 | 20 | 11 | *Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slide]] | /slaid/ | n. 滑, 滑道, 山崩, 雪崩, 幻灯片 | n. a small flat rectangular piece of glass on which specimens can be mounted for | 1 | 21 | 12 | *Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head,  up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 1 | 27 | 23 | *What are you wrapping?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 1 | 38 | 27 | *Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Oh, I've got to go pick up Ben, we've got a play date this afternoon.* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Mister Pretensous,  you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you wor* |

### 低频词（62）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] | /'stripә/ | n. 剥...的人, 刮毛器, 折卸器, 剥皮器, 露天矿矿工, 低产井, 枯竭井 | n. a chemical compound used to remove paint or varnish | 7 | 27 | 8 | *Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think ac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] | /'pәuim/ | n. 诗, 诗般美的事物 | n. a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines | 7 | 17 | 8 | *I can write an epic poem about this lip.* |
| julio |  | n. 胡里奥（男子名） |  | 6 | 9 | 3 | *Night Mon. Night Julio.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vase\|vase]] | /veis/ | n. 花瓶, 瓶 | n. an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers | 5 | 7 | 3 | *The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] | /'bætʃәlә/ | n. 单身汉, 学士 | n. a man who has never been married | 4 | 22 | 5 | *I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jazz\|jazz]] | /dʒæz/ | n. 爵士乐, 喧闹 | n. a genre of popular music that originated in New Orleans around 1900 and devel | 3 | 6 | 4 | *Okay, and listen don't forget to bring your jazz shoes for the dance audition.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#albert\|albert]] | /'ælbәt/ | n. 艾伯特（男子名） | n. prince consort of Queen Victoria of England (1819-1861) | 2 | 5 | 2 | *I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turtle\|turtle]] | /'tә:tl/ | n. 海龟 | n. any of various aquatic and land reptiles having a bony shell and flipper-like | 2 | 8 | 6 | *Your welcome, oh please not the one with the turtles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magician\|magician]] | /mә'dʒiʃәn/ | n. 魔术家, 幻术家, 术士 | n. someone who performs magic tricks to amuse an audience | 2 | 3 | 2 | *A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich. Why don't you get a magician?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goof\|goof]] | /gu:f/ | n. 呆子, 傻瓜 | n a man who is a stupid incompetent fool | 2 | 8 | 4 | *Oh, he's just goofing around.* |
| joanna | /dʒәu'ænә/ | n. 乔安娜（女子名） |  | 2 | 21 | 6 | *Oh honey, this is his office too. I told you we're Joanna's two assistants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poet\|poet]] | /'pәuit/ | n. 诗人 | n. a writer of poems (the term is usually reserved for writers of good poetry) | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Your a poet and don't know it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dense\|dense]] | /dens/ | a. 密集的, 浓厚的 | s. permitting little if any light to pass through because of denseness of matter | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poetry\|poetry]] | /'pәuitri/ | n. 诗, 韵文, 诗歌艺术 | n. literature in metrical form | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poet* |
| bouree |  | [网络] 布雷舞曲；布列舞曲；柏雷舞曲 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head,  up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#botanist\|botanist]] | /'bɒtәnist/ | n. 植物学家 | n. a biologist specializing in the study of plants | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]] | /gi:k/ | n. 做低级滑稽表演的人 | n. a carnival performer who does disgusting acts | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Oh God. Y'know, botanists are such geeks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunchbox\|lunchbox]] | /'lʌntʃ,bɔks/ | n. 饭盒；便当 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, it's kinda like a 'good luck on your first day' sort of thing.  Is this actually a lunchbox?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thermos\|thermos]] | /'θә:mәs/ | n. 热水瓶 | n. vacuum flask that preserves temperature of hot or cold drinks | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Umm, no, it's a purse. And there's a thermos in it.* |
| clich |  | [网络] 陈词滥调；陈腔滥调；套话 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich. Why don't you get a magician?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#broadway\|broadway]] | /'brɒ:dwei/ | n. 百老汇大街 | n. a street in Manhattan that passes through Times Square; famous for its theate | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yes! Guess who's in an audition for a Broadway musical?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tale\|tale]] | /teil/ | n. 故事, 谎言, 谣言, 陈述, 叙述 | n a message that tells the particulars of an act or occurrence or course of even | 1 | 4 | 3 | *It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dickens\|dickens]] | /'dikinz/ | n. 魔鬼 | n. English writer whose novels depicted and criticized social injustice (1812-18 | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mr. Dickens gets to pick 'em.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cliff\|cliff]] | /klif/ | n. 悬崖, 绝壁 | n. a steep high face of rock | 1 | 5 | 3 | *I'll get you the Cliff Notes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abridgment\|abridgment]] | /ә'bridʒmәnt/ | n. 删节, 删节本, 缩短, 限制 | n a shortened version of a written work | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The abridgment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invoice\|invoice]] | /'invɒis/ | n. 发票, 发货单 | v. send an bill to | 1 | 2 | 2 | *...and the style number, and the invoice number, and the shipping date. Good. Any questions so far?* |
| ohhhhh |  | [网络] 哦；我的天啊；哦哦哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Ohhhhh yeah, that's, that's funny. Why ah, why isn't he goofing around in his own office?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lazy\|lazy]] | /'leizi/ | a. 懒惰的, 怠惰的, 缓慢的 | s. moving slowly and gently | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Why does Joanna need two assistants, how, how lazy is she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adios\|adios]] | /ɑ:'djәus/ | [计] 模数输入输出系统, 自动诊断输入输出系统 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Adios.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#translation\|translation]] | /træns'leiʃәn/ | n. 翻译, 译文, 转化, 调任, 平移, 转译 | n. a written communication in a second language having the same meaning as the w | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I thought I would, but the translation's no good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] | /'ʃædәu/ | n. 阴影, 荫, 影子, 影像, 阴暗, 幽灵, 少许, 隐蔽处, 庇护 | n. shade within clear boundaries | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#epic\|epic]] | /'epik/ | n. 史诗, 叙事诗 | s. very imposing or impressive; surpassing the ordinary (especially in size or s | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I can write an epic poem about this lip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] | /'kɒ:lbæk/ | n. 收回 | n a request by the manufacturer of a defective product to return the product (as | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Listen Joey, we definitely want to see you for the callback on Saturday.* |
| twila |  | n. 【女名】女子名 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tharp\|tharp]] |  | 撒普（人名） | n. innovative United States dancer and choreographer (born in 1941) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ballet\|ballet]] | /'bælei/ | n. 芭蕾舞 | n. a theatrical representation of a story that is performed to music by trained  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]] | /'θiәtә/ | n. 戏院, 电影院, 剧场, 全体观众, 戏剧, 戏剧效果, 阶梯式讲堂, 场所 | n. a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be prese | 1 | 9 | 9 | *....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zoom\|zoom]] | /zu:m/ | n. 急速上升, 变焦摄影, 嗡嗡声 | v. move along very quickly | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey, everybody lies on their resume, okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#senorita\|senorita]] | /,senjɔː'riːtɑː/ | n. 女士；小姐 | n. a Spanish title or form of address used to or of an unmarried girl or woman;  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexier\|sexier]] |  | 性感的( sexy的比较级 ) | a marked by or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meteor\|meteor]] | /'mi:tiә/ | n. 流星, 大气现象 | n. a streak of light in the sky at night that results when a meteoroid hits the  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Get out! I couldn't stop if a meteor hit me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crystal\|crystal]] | /'kristl/ | n. 水晶, 水晶装饰品, 结晶 | n. a solid formed by the solidification of a chemical and having a highly regula | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chandelier\|chandelier]] | /,ʃændi'liә/ | n. 枝形吊灯 | n. branched lighting fixture; often ornate; hangs from the ceiling | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#translucent\|translucent]] | /træns'lu:snt/ | a. 半透明的, 透明的 | s. allowing light to pass through diffusely | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vessel\|vessel]] | /'vesl/ | n. 船, 容器, 脉管 | n. a tube in which a body fluid circulates | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look,  'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emptier\|emptier]] | /'emptaiә/ | n. 卸载器；排空装置 | a holding or containing nothing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look,  'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loyal\|loyal]] | /'lɒiәl/ | a. 忠诚的, 忠实的, 忠贞的 | a. steadfast in allegiance or duty | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Your loyal loving boyfriend Ross..... Ross!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barbershop\|barbershop]] |  | n. 理发店 | n. a shop where men can get their hair cut | 1 | 1 | 1 | *...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quartet\|quartet]] | /kwɒ:'tet/ | n. 四重奏 | n. four performers or singers who perform together | 1 | 3 | 3 | *...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#territory\|territory]] | /'teritәri/ | n. 领土, 领地, 版图, 地区, 活动范围 | n. an area of knowledge or interest | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confidant\|confidant]] | /.kɒnfi'dænt/ | n. 心腹朋友, 知己 | n. someone to whom private matters are confided | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meanwhile\|meanwhile]] | /'mi:nhwail/ | n. 其时, 其间 | r. at the same time but in another place | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] | /'sensitiv/ | a. 敏感的, 易感的, 灵敏的, 感光的 | a. responsive to physical stimuli | 1 | 21 | 9 | *All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him abo* |
| shelly | /'ʃeli/ | a. 多壳的, 壳一般的, 有壳的 | a. Abounding with shells; consisting of shells, or of a shell. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Here's the Shelly Siegal stuff from December.* |
| siegal |  | [网络] 思高；西戈；西高 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Here's the Shelly Siegal stuff from December.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crisis\|crisis]] | /'kraisis/ | n. 危机, 危险期, 紧要关头 | n. an unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#combination\|combination]] | /.kɒmbi'neiʃәn/ | n. 组合, 合并, 联合 | n. a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate par | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judgment\|judgment]] | /'dʒʌdʒmәnt/ | n. 裁判, 宣告, 判决书 | n. an opinion formed by judging something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finer\|finer]] | /'fainә/ | a. 出色的, 好的 | s. (comparative of `fine') greater in quality or excellence | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mister Pretensous,  you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you wor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unpublished\|unpublished]] | /.ʌn'pʌbliʃt/ | a. 未公开出版的；未发表过的 | a. not published | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mister Pretensous,  you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you wor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diner\|diner]] | /'dainә/ | n. 用餐者 | n. a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant) | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Mister Pretensous,  you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you wor* |
| buttmunch |  | [网络] 马屁精 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.* |
