---
season: 3
episode: "01"
title: "The One With the Princess Leia Fantasy"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E01 — The One With the Princess Leia Fantasy

*Written by: Michael Curtis and Gregory S. Malins*


> [!scene] Scene Central Perk, the whole gang is entering

**Joey:** I'm tellin' ya that girl totally [[Friends-词汇总表#wink\|winked]] at me.

**All:** Did not, she did not [[Friends-词汇总表#wink\|wink]] at you...*(sees that their sacred couch is occupied by strangers)*.

**Chandler:** Huh. *(They all leave, dejected)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel and Monica's, Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel are eating breakfast.

**Ross:** I have to say Tupolo Honey by Van Morrison.

**Rachel:** Nooo Way! The most [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] song ever is The Way We Were.

**Phoebe:** See, I-I think that one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on Who's The Boss.

**Rachel:** What song was that, Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Hold me close, young Tony Dan-za.

*(Monica enters from her bedroom)*

**Phoebe:** Hi Monica!

**Ross:** Hey Mon!

**Rachel:** Hey Mon!

*(she just walks straight into the bathroom)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, has she slept at all?

**Ross:** Nope.

**Rachel:** No, it's been three nights in a [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]].

**Ross:** Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's [[Friends-词汇总表#cigar\|cigar]] [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butts]] out on the [[Friends-词汇总表#terrace\|terrace]], so.

**Phoebe:** Oh, okay that [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explains]] it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high [[Friends-词汇总表#squeaky\|squeaky]] sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a [[Friends-词汇总表#opossum\|opossum]]. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is coming in from the bedroom

**Chandler:** Morning.

**Joey:** Morning, hey, you made [[Friends-词汇总表#pancake\|pancakes]]?

**Chandler:** Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.

**Janice:** *(entering and singing)* Monica and Rachel had [[Friends-词汇总表#syrup\|syrup]], now I can get my man to [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] up. *(laughs hysterically)* Good morning Joey.

**Joey:** *(sarcastically)* Good morning.

**Chandler:** Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.

**Janice:** Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]].

**Chandler:** I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.

**Janice:** *(laughs)* I-I-I gotta go, I gotta go. Okay, not without a kiss.

**Chandler:** Well, maybe I won't kiss you, and then you'll have to stay.

**Joey:** *(under his breath)* Kiss her! Kiss her!

**Janice:** I'll see you later, sweetie. Bye Joey.

**Joey:** B-bye Janice. So when ya' dumpin' her.

**Chandler:** Nope, not this time.

**Joey:** Come on, quite yankin' me.

**Chandler:** I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#yank\|yanking]] you.

**Joey:** This is Janice.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.

**Joey:** Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without [[Friends-词汇总表#blink\|blinking]], that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.

**Chandler:** *(looks him in the eye)* I'm not breaking up with her! *(they stare at each other for a while, then Joey blows in his face)*


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel and Monica's, Monica is entering from the bathroom.

**Monica:** God, look what I found in the [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]].

**Rachel:** What?!

**Monica:** It's some of Richard's hair! *(holds it close to Ross)* What do I do with this?

**Ross:** Getting it away from me would be job one.

**Monica:** It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of him, [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]], [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]] hair. Ooh! *(drops it in Ross's cereal)*

**Phoebe:** Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] little person [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drowning]] in your [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]]. *(Ross gives her this look, like 'Yeah, doesn't it', and gets up to dump it down the drain.)*

**Monica:** God, what is wrong with me.

**Ross:** You need to get some sleep.

**Monica:** I need to get some Richard.

**Rachel:** Monica, you broke up with him for a reason.

**Monica:** I know, I know. I'm just so [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Why hasn't he called!

**Phoebe:** Maybe, because you told him not to.

**Monica:** What are you the memory woman?

**Joey:** *(entering)* Their not breaking up. Chandler and Janice. Their not breaking up. He didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#blink\|blink]] or anything.

**Rachel:** Well, you know I'm not surprised. I mean have you seen them together, they're really cute.

**Joey:** Cute! This is Janice! You remember Janice?

**Rachel:** Yes, Joey, I remember, she's [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]], but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?

**Joey:** There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?

**Ross:** Well I'm thinking that Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy, so I say we just all be adult about it and accept her.

**Joey:** Yeah, we'll call that Plan B. All right?


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's bedroom, Ross is working and Rachel is reading a book in bed

**Rachel:** *(she leans over and kisses him on the cheek)* Honey, I was wondering....

**Ross:** Hmm?

**Rachel:** Do you still have that, um, Navy [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]]?

**Ross:** Nooo, I had to return it to the [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] place.

**Rachel:** Hmm.

**Ross:** I think I have an old band [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]] from high school.

**Rachel:** You remember not having sex in high school, right?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Well honey, what about you?

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** I mean do you have any fun, you know, fantasy type things?

**Ross:** No.

**Rachel:** Come on you gotta have one!

**Ross:** Nope.

**Rachel:** Ross, you know what...

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** ...if you tell me, I might do it.

**Ross:** Okay, umm. Did you ever see, um, Return Of The Jedi?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his [[Friends-词汇总表#prisoner\|prisoner]], um, Princess Leia.

**Rachel:** Oooh!

**Ross:** Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] thing. It was pretty cool.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are there

**Phoebe:** Yeah, oh, Princess Leia and the gold [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]], every guy our age loved that.

**Rachel:** Really!

**Phoebe:** Um, um. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment, when-when, you know she stopped being a [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]], and became, like, a woman, you know.

**Rachel:** Did you ever do the-the Leia thing?

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah, um-mm. Oh!

**Rachel:** Really! That-that great huh?

**Phoebe:** No it's just that I got this new [[Friends-词汇总表#pager\|pager]] and I have it on [[Friends-词汇总表#vibrate\|vibrate]]. See ya!

**Ross:** *(entering with Monica in tow)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi you guys!

**Ross:** Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking [[Friends-词汇总表#meter\|meter]].

**Rachel:** Mon. Hi!

**Monica:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Why aren't you at work?

**Monica:** Oh, they-they sent me home.

**Rachel:** Why?

**Monica:** Because I don't work at the Szechwan Dragon.

**Ross:** Okay.

**Rachel:** You really, really need to get some sleep, honey.

**Monica:** I know I do.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Ross:** Guess what?

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** They published my paper.

**Rachel:** Oh, really, let me see, let me see.

**Phoebe:** Rach, look! *(she holds two buns up to her ears to make her hair look like the Princess Leia 'do.)* Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescue]] me.

*(Ross stands up horrified) There he is.*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is watching Wheel of Fortune, the puzzle is showing _oun_ Rush_ore.


> [!scene] Chandler enters

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Wheel!

**Chandler:** Of!

**Joey:** Fortune! This guy is so stupid. *(yelling)* It's Count Rushmore!!

**Chandler:** You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?

**Joey:** I say, 'I am there!' Cool! Aw, is Ross going to?

**Chandler:** No, Janice.

**Joey:** Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.

**Chandler:** You know, I may be way out on a [[Friends-词汇总表#limb\|limb]] here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?

**Joey:** No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. *(walks into the kitchen, Chandler follows closely, he turns around and gets startled)*. Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair *(holds his hands up to signify she has big hair)*?

**Chandler:** Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!

**Joey:** Look, I don't hate Janice, she's-she's just a lot to take, you know.

**Chandler:** Well, there you go.

**Joey:** Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]] before too, remember?

**Chandler:** Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! *(Joey stares at him)* Don't worry, those are the right letters.

**Joey:** Look, what do you want me to say?

**Chandler:** I want you to say that you like her!

**Joey:** I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna *(grimaces and tenses up)* pull my [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] off just so that I can have something to throw at her.

**Chandler:** Thanks for trying. *(grabs the ticket and starts to leave)* Oh, and by the way there is no Count Rushmore!

**Joey:** Yeah, then-then who's the guy that [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|painted]] the faces on the mountain?

*(Chandler gives him a look like 'You stupid idiot!')*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Ross are entering

**Ross:** How could you have told her?

**Rachel:** Ross, I didn't think it would that big of a deal.

**Ross:** Oh, she didn't think it would be that big of deal.

**Rachel:** Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?

**Ross:** Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.

**Rachel:** Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that [[Friends-词汇总表#locker\|locker]] room stuff.

**Ross:** That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]]?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.

**Rachel:** Were both of those Joey?

**Ross:** Yeah. Look, you don't, you don't talk about like, you know, your girlfriend and the [[Friends-词汇总表#intimate\|intimate]] stuff you, you do with her.

**Rachel:** Not even with your best friend.

**Ross:** Noo!

**Rachel:** That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bonding]] and the sharing, you know. And-and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.

**Ross:** Hmph. So what you, you tell each other everything?

**Rachel:** Pretty much.

**Ross:** Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times?

**Rachel:** Uh, honey, yeah that was with Carol.

**Ross:** I know, but it's still worth [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mentioning]], I think.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's bedroom, Phoebe is trying to relax her.

**Phoebe:** *( in a soothing voice)* Relax every [[Friends-词汇总表#muscle\|muscle]] in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close you eyes, and think of a happy place. Okay, tell me your happy place.

**Monica:** Richard's living room, drinking wine.

**Phoebe:** All right. No, no, no, not a Richard thing, just put down the glass. And get out!

**Monica:** I'm sorry, but that's my happy place.

**Phoebe:** Well, okay, fine, use my happy place. Okay, I'm just gonna, I have to ask that you don't move anything.

**Monica:** All right, I'll try not to.

**Phoebe:** Okay, all right, so, your in a [[Friends-词汇总表#meadow\|meadow]], millions of stars in the [[Friends-词汇总表#sky\|sky]]....

**Monica:** Do you think breaking up with him was a huge [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]?

**Phoebe:** All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] [[Friends-词汇总表#breeze\|breeze]], and the [[Friends-词汇总表#moonlight\|moonlight]] flowing through the trees....

**Monica:** I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.

**Phoebe:** All right, betting and [[Friends-词汇总表#wager\|wagering]] of any kind, are, I'm sure, not [[Friends-词汇总表#permit\|permitted]] in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] [[Friends-词汇总表#waterfall\|waterfalls]], and the, the [[Friends-词汇总表#trickle\|trickling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fountain\|fountains]]. And the-the [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calming]] sounds of the [[Friends-词汇总表#babble\|babbling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#brook\|brook]]....

**Monica:** Okay, this isn't working. I'm still [[Friends-词汇总表#awake\|awake]] and now I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]].


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's

**Janice:** So, I hear, you hate me!

**Joey:** I, ah, I never said hate, I was very [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] about that.

**Janice:** A little [[Friends-词汇总表#birdie\|birdie]] told me something about you wanting to [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] off and throw it at me.

**Joey:** And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big [[Friends-词汇总表#leap\|leap]] there...

**Janice:** All right, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, we've got to do something about our little situation here Joey. So, this is my idea: you and me spending some quality time together.

**Joey:** But what does that gonna do...

**Janice:** For Chandler!

**Joey:** Okay. I'm in.

**Janice:** Okay. All right. This is what we're gonna call it: 'Joey and Janice's DAY OF FUN!'

**Joey:** Does it have to be a whole day?

**Janice:** Yes, because that's how long it takes to love me.

**Joey:** Yeah, I know, I sleep in the next room.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel and Monica are entering

**Monica:** *(crying)* So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.

**Phoebe:** Monica, do you want us to take you home?

**Monica:** Uh, huh. *(to Ross)* Or maybe to a [[Friends-词汇总表#galaxy\|galaxy]] far, far away. *(Rachel, Monica, and Phoebe leave)*

**Ross:** Women tell each other everything. Did you know that?

**Chandler:** Umm, yeah.

**Ross:** No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, [[Friends-词汇总表#technique\|technique]], [[Friends-词汇总表#stamen\|stamina]], [[Friends-词汇总表#girth\|girth]]....

**Chandler:** Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?

**Ross:** Rachel says sharing's great and [[Friends-词汇总表#supposedly\|supposedly]], you know, we [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] be doing it. Do you wanna?

**Chandler:** We're not gonna talk about [[Friends-词汇总表#girth\|girth]] are we?

**Ross:** Nooo!

**Chandler:** Yeah, okay.

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Chandler:** Yeah! All right! You go first.

**Ross:** Okay, okay, I'll go first.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Ross:** So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] a particular Star Wars thing....

**Chandler:** Princess Leia in the gold [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]].

**Ross:** Yes!

**Chandler:** I know!

**Ross:** Yes! Wow, well, that-that was easy. Okay, you-you go.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Ross:** Okay.

**Chandler:** Okay, you know, you know when your in bed, with a woman.

**Ross:** Hmph.

**Chandler:** And, ah, you know, your [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fooling]] around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....

**Ross:** With the [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]]-button ring? Oh, muhawa!

**Chandler:** I know, And then all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know...*(Ross just stares at him)*. You don't know!

**Ross:** Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?

**Chandler:** You said...

**Ross:** I said 'share' not 'scare'. Go sit over there! *(Chandler goes over and sits at a table and puts his head down)*.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Janice are returning from their DAY OF FUN!

**Janice:** We're [[Friends-词汇总表#baack\|baack]]!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** What are you guys doing together?

**Janice:** Joey and Janice's DAY OF FUN!!! *(laughs)*

**Chandler:** Really.

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.

**Janice:** I just came by to give you a kiss, I have to go pick up the baby, so. I'll see you later [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]], you too Chandler. *(laughs)*

**Chandler:** You still can't stand her can you?

**Joey:** I'm sorry man, I [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]], I really did.

**Chandler:** Well, you know, I [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] you giving it a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]].

**Joey:** But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survived]], and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] day at Shea Stadium.

**Chandler:** Well, I guess that's something.

**Joey:** No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with you, which is kinda the whole point, anyway.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Joey:** Oh, hey, Chandler, we, ah, we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.

**Chandler:** Oh God!

**Joey:** Hey, if it makes you feel any better, I do it too.

**Chandler:** Really?

**Joey:** Oh yeah, I always picture your Mom when I'm having sex.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel and Monica's, Monica is watching the Civil War videos

**Video:** April Twelve, Eighteen hundred, Sixty-One *(Monica lights Richard's cigar butt)*, 4:30 A.M. on Tuesday, the United States [[Friends-词汇总表#garrison\|garrison]] at Fort Sumter was fired upon *(knock on door)* it is now under [[Friends-词汇总表#bombardment\|bombardment]] by....

*(Monica answers the door)*

**Monica:** Hi, Dad, what are you doing here? Mr. Geller: Well, it's your mother's bridge night so I thought that I would come into the city for a little Monicuddle. *(hugs her)* Since when did you start [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cigar\|cigars]]?

**Monica:** I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad? Mr. Geller: Well, I just wanted to make sure you were okay.

**Monica:** What makes you think that I might not be okay? Mr. Geller: I saw Richard.

**Monica:** Oh. Mr. Geller: So, how are you doing?

**Monica:** I'm fine, just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]], I'm okay. How's Richard doing? Mr. Geller: You don't wanna know.

**Monica:** No, I really, really do. Mr. Geller: Well, he's doing terrible!

**Monica:** Really! Mr. Geller: Worse than when he broke up with Barbara.

**Monica:** You're not just saying that are you? Mr. Geller: No, the man is a mess.

**Monica:** Was he crying? Mr. Geller: No.

**Monica:** Well, do you think he was waiting 'til after you left, so he could cry? Mr. Geller: Maybe.

**Monica:** I think so. Mr. Geller: Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we graduated college we broke up for a while. It seems her Father, your Grandfather, wanted her to travel around Europe, like he did. Of course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's [[Friends-词汇总表#nickel\|nickel]], because he was also [[Friends-词汇总表#strafe\|strafing]] German [[Friends-词汇总表#troop\|troop]] [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|trains]] at the time. However, *(turns around and sees that Monica is sleeping and puts a blanket around her, kisses her, picks up the cigar, and starts watching the video)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's bedroom, Ross is humming the Star Wars theme. Rachel enters, with her hair done up like Princess Leia's, and wearing a belly dancer's outfit, to simulate the gold bikini thing.

**Rachel:** Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's [[Friends-词汇总表#prisoner\|prisoner]], and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it [[Friends-词汇总表#differently\|differently]]? What? What?

**Ross:** No, no it's, um, it's not you, um, it's um, it's *(turns and sees his Mom standing where Rachel is)* Mrs. Geller: Well what is it? Come on sweetie, your like, freaking me out here.

**Ross:** I hate Chandler, the [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]] my life. *(Rachel starts looking around and down, with a 'What the hell is going on?' look on her face.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 12 | 376 | 86 | *Hi, Dad, what are you doing here? Mr. Geller: Well, it's your mother's bridge night so I thought tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 5 | 219 | 100 | *I-I-I gotta go, I gotta go. Okay, not without a kiss.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 5 | 182 | 101 | *Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 5 | 308 | 105 | *I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 3 | 156 | 115 | *It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 3 | 217 | 129 | *You need to get some sleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 3 | 92 | 55 | *Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *I'm tellin' ya that girl totally winked at me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 2 | 101 | 68 | *Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 2 | 99 | 84 | *I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Well, you know I'm not surprised. I mean have you seen them together, they're really cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Guess what?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 2 | 115 | 71 | *I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *Hi, Dad, what are you doing here? Mr. Geller: Well, it's your mother's bridge night so I thought tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my lawyer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *I'll see you later, sweetie. Bye Joey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Well, you know I'm not surprised. I mean have you seen them together, they're really cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Fortune! This guy is so stupid.  It's Count Rushmore!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'!  Don'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna  pull* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna  pull* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. An* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close you eyes, and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Richard's living room, drinking wine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *All right, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, we've got to do something about our little situation here J* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to describe * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *I said 'share' not 'scare'. Go sit over there! .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *April Twelve, Eighteen hundred, Sixty-One , 4:30 A.M. on Tuesday, the United States garrison at Fort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad? Mr. Gell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *No, I really, really do. Mr. Geller: Well, he's doing terrible!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Really! Mr. Geller: Worse than when he broke up with Barbara.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *You're not just saying that are you? Mr. Geller: No, the man is a mess.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *No, no it's, um, it's not you, um, it's um, it's  Mrs. Geller: Well what is it? Come on sweetie, you* |

### 常用词（44）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]] | /'prinsis/ | n. 公主, 王妃, 女巨头 | n. a female member of a royal family other than the queen (especially the daught | 5 | 22 | 10 | *Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 4 | 53 | 40 | *I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Wh* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 3 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo Way! The most romantic song ever is The Way We Were.* |
| eww |  | abbr. 墨西哥指数基金 |  | 3 | 23 | 17 | *Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 2 | 48 | 35 | *I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna  pull* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 2 | 28 | 23 | *Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]] | /'telin/ | 樱蛤 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *I'm tellin' ya that girl totally winked at me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Nooo Way! The most romantic song ever is The Way We Were.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *See, I-I think that one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on Who's The Boss.* |
| tony | /'tәuni/ | a. 高贵的, 时髦的 | n. A simpleton. | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Hold me close, young Tony Dan-za.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up.  Good morning Joey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my lawyer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Nooo, I had to return it to the costume place.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hut\|hut]] | /hʌt/ | n. 小屋, 茅舍, 临时军营 | n. temporary military shelter | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess * |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] | /peint/ | n. 油漆, 颜料, 绘画作品, 涂漆 | n. a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a  | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Yeah, then-then who's the guy that painted the faces on the mountain?* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. An* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *I know, but it's still worth mentioning, I think.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *I, ah, I never said hate, I was very careful about that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] | /rip/ | n. 裂痕, 破绽, 拉裂, 浪子, 巨浪 | n. an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart | 1 | 26 | 22 | *A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] | /'pɒsәbli/ | adv. 可能, 也许 | r. by chance | 1 | 17 | 15 | *I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *I just came by to give you a kiss, I have to go pick up the baby, so. I'll see you later sweetheart,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] | /bæt/ | n. 蝙蝠, 球棒 | n. nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings a | 1 | 15 | 13 | *But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 21 | 17 | *April Twelve, Eighteen hundred, Sixty-One , 4:30 A.M. on Tuesday, the United States garrison at Fort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 1 | 69 | 27 | *Hi, Dad, what are you doing here? Mr. Geller: Well, it's your mother's bridge night so I thought tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *I think so. Mr. Geller: Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 1 | 24 | 21 | *I think so. Mr. Geller: Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *I hate Chandler, the bastard ruined my life.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *I hate Chandler, the bastard ruined my life.* |

### 低频词（81）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| leia |  | n. (Leia)人名；(罗)莱娅；(萨摩)莱亚 |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess * |
| jabba |  | [网络] 贾巴；贾霸；赫特人贾霸 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] | /bi'ki:ni/ | n. 大爆炸, 比基尼泳装 | n. an atoll in the Marshall Islands; formerly used by the United States as a sit | 3 | 10 | 8 | *Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girth\|girth]] | /gә:θ/ | n. (树的)干围, 周长, 肚带 | n. the distance around a person's body | 3 | 3 | 1 | *No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opossum\|opossum]] | /ә'pɒsәm/ | n. 负鼠科 | n. nocturnal arboreal marsupial having a naked prehensile tail found from southe | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blink\|blink]] | /bliŋk/ | vi. 眨眼, 闪亮 | n. a reflex that closes and opens the eyes rapidly | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]] | /drein/ | n. 排水沟, 消耗, 排水 | n. emptying something accomplished by allowing liquid to run out of it | 2 | 8 | 6 | *God, look what I found in the drain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]] | /'ju:nifɒ:m/ | n. 制服 | n. clothing of distinctive design worn by members of a particular group as a mea | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Do you still have that, um, Navy uniform?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prisoner\|prisoner]] | /'priznә/ | n. 囚犯, 犯人, 战俘 | n. a person who is confined; especially a prisoner of war | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#szechwan\|szechwan]] | /'sei'tʃwɑ:n,'sʌ-/ | n. 四川(中国中西部的一省,省会为成都) | n a populous province of south central China | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dragon\|dragon]] | /'drægәn/ | n. 龙, 凶暴的人 | n. a creature of Teutonic mythology; usually represented as breathing fire and h | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rushmore\|rushmore]] |  | n. 拉石茂山 | n. a mountain in the Black Hills of South Dakota; the likenesses of Washington a | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Fortune! This guy is so stupid.  It's Count Rushmore!!* |
| hmph |  | [网络] 哼；新竹市立演艺厅；一种声音 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hmph. So what you, you tell each other everything?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wink\|wink]] | /wiŋk/ | n. 眨眼, 使眼色, 瞬间 | n. closing one eye quickly as a signal | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I'm tellin' ya that girl totally winked at me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#morrison\|morrison]] | /'mɔrisn/ | n. 莫里森（姓氏） | n. United States rock singer (1943-1971) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I have to say Tupolo Honey by Van Morrison.* |
| elton | /'eltәn/ | n. 埃尔顿（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *See, I-I think that one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on Who's The Boss.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]] | /rәu. rau/ | n. 排, 行, 街道, 划船, 吵闹 | n. an arrangement of objects or people side by side in a line | 1 | 11 | 9 | *No, it's been three nights in a row.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigar\|cigar]] | /si'gɑ:/ | n. 雪茄 | n. a roll of tobacco for smoking | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrace\|terrace]] | /'terәs/ | n. 阶地, 梯田, 房屋之平顶, 阳台, 沿岸防地, 露台 | n. a level shelf of land interrupting a declivity (with steep slopes above and b | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeaky\|squeaky]] | /'skwi:ki/ | a. 吱吱响的, 发轧声的 | s having or making a high-pitched sound such as that made by a mouse or a rusty  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pancake\|pancake]] | /'pænkeik/ | n. 薄烤饼, 薄煎饼, 烙饼 | n. a flat cake of thin batter fried on both sides on a griddle | 1 | 11 | 6 | *Morning, hey, you made pancakes?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#syrup\|syrup]] | /'sirәp/ | n. 糖浆, 果汁 | n. a thick sweet sticky liquid | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up.  Good morning Joey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yank\|yank]] | /jæŋk/ | v. 猛拉 | v. pull, or move with a sudden movement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I'm not yanking you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drown]] | /draun/ | vi. 淹死 | v. get rid of as if by submerging | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]] | /'siәriәl/ | n. 谷类食品, 谷类植物 | n. grass whose starchy grains are used as food: wheat; rice; rye; oats; maize; b | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#navy\|navy]] | /'neivi/ | n. 海军, 海军人员, 海军军力, 烟蒂 | n. an organization of military vessels belonging to a country and available for  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Do you still have that, um, Navy uniform?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jedi\|jedi]] |  | n. 绝地武士 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, umm. Did you ever see, um, Return Of The Jedi?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pager\|pager]] | /'peidʒә(r)/ | [计] 页调度程序 | n an electronic device that generates a series of beeps when the person carrying | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vibrate\|vibrate]] | /'vaibreit/ | vi. 振动, 颤动, 激动, 摇摆, 踌躇 | v. shake, quiver, or throb; move back and forth rapidly, usually in an uncontrol | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meter\|meter]] | /'mi:tә/ | n. 米, 公尺, 仪表, 计量器 | n. the basic unit of length adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites (ap | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skywalker\|skywalker]] |  | n. 天行者（星球大战中的人物名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Rach, look!  Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescue]] | /'reskju:/ | n. 援救, 解救, 营救 | n. recovery or preservation from loss or danger | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Rach, look!  Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wheel\|wheel]] | /hwi:l/ | n. 轮子, 车轮, 轮, 方向盘, 旋转, 机构, 重要人物 | n. a simple machine consisting of a circular frame with spokes (or a solid disc) | 1 | 16 | 7 | *Wheel!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fortune\|fortune]] | /'fɒ:tʃәn/ | n. 财富, 运气, 兴隆, 大量财产, 好运, 命运 | n. a large amount of wealth or prosperity | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Fortune! This guy is so stupid.  It's Count Rushmore!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ranger\|ranger]] | /'reinʒә/ | n. 王室守林人, 骑警, 漫游者 | n a member of the Texas state highway patrol; formerly a mounted lawman who main | 1 | 10 | 8 | *You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#limb\|limb]] | /lim/ | n. 四肢, 枝干, 翼, 边缘 | n. one of the jointed appendages of an animal used for locomotion or grasping: a | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greek\|greek]] | /gri:k/ | n. 希腊人, 希腊语 | n. the Hellenic branch of the Indo-European family of languages | 1 | 6 | 5 | *No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#locker\|locker]] | /'lɒkә/ | n. 抽屉, 小柜, 上锁人 | n. a fastener that locks or closes | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] | /'stripә/ | n. 剥...的人, 刮毛器, 折卸器, 剥皮器, 露天矿矿工, 低产井, 枯竭井 | n. a chemical compound used to remove paint or varnish | 1 | 27 | 8 | *That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the St* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#staton\|staton]] |  | [人名] 斯塔顿 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the St* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ferry\|ferry]] | /'feri/ | n. 渡船, 渡口 | n. a boat that transports people or vehicles across a body of water and operates | 1 | 6 | 3 | *That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the St* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intimate\|intimate]] | /'intimәt/ | a. 亲密的, 私人的, 秘密的 | v. give to understand | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah. Look, you don't, you don't talk about like, you know, your girlfriend and the intimate stuff y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muscle\|muscle]] | /'mʌsl/ | n. 肌肉, 臂力 | n. one of the contractile organs of the body | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close you eyes, and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meadow\|meadow]] | /'medәu/ | n. 草地, 牧场 | n a field where grass or alfalfa are grown to be made into hay | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Okay, all right, so, your in a meadow, millions of stars in the sky....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sky\|sky]] | /skai/ | n. 天空, 天色, 天堂 | n. the atmosphere and outer space as viewed from the earth | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Okay, all right, so, your in a meadow, millions of stars in the sky....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breeze\|breeze]] | /bri:z/ | n. 微风, 煤屑, 轻而易举的事 | n. a slight wind (usually refreshing) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moonlight\|moonlight]] | /'mu:nlait/ | n. 月光 | n. the light of the Moon | 1 | 7 | 7 | *All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wager\|wager]] | /'weidʒә/ | n. 赌注, 赌博, 赌物 | n the act of gambling | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#permit\|permit]] | /pә'mit/ | n. 许可证, 许可, 执照, 通行证 | n. large game fish; found in waters of the West Indies | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waterfall\|waterfall]] | /'wɒtәfɒ:l/ | n. 瀑布 | n. a steep descent of the water of a river | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trickle\|trickle]] | /'trikl/ | n. 滴, 细流 | v. run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fountain\|fountain]] | /'fauntin/ | n. 水源, 源, 喷泉, 泉水, 本源 | n. a structure from which an artificially produced jet of water arises | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babble\|babble]] | /'bæbl/ | vi. 牙牙学语, 喋喋不休 | n. gibberish resembling the sounds of a baby | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brook\|brook]] | /bruk/ | n. 小溪 | n. a natural stream of water smaller than a river (and often a tributary of a ri | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awake\|awake]] | /ә'weik/ | a. 醒着的 | a. not in a state of sleep; completely conscious | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birdie\|birdie]] | /'bә:di/ | n. 小鸟 | n. (golf) a score of one stroke under par on a hole | 1 | 3 | 3 | *A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leap\|leap]] | /li:p/ | n. 跳跃, 剧增, 急变, 被越过之物 | n. a light, self-propelled movement upwards or forwards | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#galaxy\|galaxy]] | /'gælәksi/ | n. 银河, 星系, 一群(显赫的人物) | n. a splendid assemblage (especially of famous people) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Uh, huh.  Or maybe to a galaxy far, far away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technique\|technique]] | /tek'ni:k/ | n. 技巧, 技术, 方法 | n. a practical method or art applied to some particular task | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stamen\|stamen]] | /'steimәn/ | n. 雄蕊, 雄性花蕊 | n. the male reproductive organ of a flower | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supposedly\|supposedly]] | /sә'pәuzidli/ | adv. 想象上, 看上去像, 被认为是, 恐怕, 按照推测 | r believed or reputed to be the case | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] | /di'skraib/ | vt. 描述, 描绘, 画 | v. give a description of | 1 | 8 | 6 | *So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to describe * |
| elle |  | n. 世界时装之苑（时尚类期刊）；依尼（服装品牌名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your b* |
| macpherson |  | 麦克弗森（人名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#xerox\|xerox]] | /'ziәrɒks/ | v. 静电复印 | n. a copy made by a xerographic printer | 1 | 7 | 7 | *And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baack\|baack]] |  | n. (Baack)人名；(德)巴克 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *We're baack!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mets\|mets]] |  | (met 的复数) meet的过去式和过去分词 | plural of met | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]] | /sә'vaiv/ | vt. 比...活得长, 生存, 生还, 幸免于 | v. continue to live through hardship or adversity | 1 | 9 | 9 | *But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, * |
| shea | /ʃi:. ʃiә/ | n. [植]非洲酪脂树 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stadium\|stadium]] | /'steidiәm/ | n. 露天大型运动场 | n. a large structure for open-air sports or entertainments | 1 | 2 | 2 | *But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eighteen\|eighteen]] | /'ei'ti:n/ | num. 十八, 十八个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of seventeen and one | 1 | 4 | 4 | *April Twelve, Eighteen hundred, Sixty-One , 4:30 A.M. on Tuesday, the United States garrison at Fort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garrison\|garrison]] | /'gærisn/ | n. 守备队, 驻军, 要塞 | n. a fortified military post where troops are stationed | 1 | 1 | 1 | *April Twelve, Eighteen hundred, Sixty-One , 4:30 A.M. on Tuesday, the United States garrison at Fort* |
| sumter | /'sʌmtə/ | n. 萨姆特（美国南卡州城市名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *April Twelve, Eighteen hundred, Sixty-One , 4:30 A.M. on Tuesday, the United States garrison at Fort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bombardment\|bombardment]] | /bɒm'bɑ:dmәnt/ | n. 炮击 | n. the act (or an instance) of subjecting a body or substance to the impact of h | 1 | 1 | 1 | *April Twelve, Eighteen hundred, Sixty-One , 4:30 A.M. on Tuesday, the United States garrison at Fort* |
| barbara | /'bɑ:bәrә/ | n. 芭芭拉（女子名） | n. The first word in certain mnemonic lines which represent | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Really! Mr. Geller: Worse than when he broke up with Barbara.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandfather\|grandfather]] | /'grændfɑ:ðә/ | n. 祖父, 始祖 | n. the father of your father or mother | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I think so. Mr. Geller: Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sam\|sam]] | /sæm/ | [计] 安全性帐户管理器 | n a guided missile fired from land or shipboard against an airborne target | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I think so. Mr. Geller: Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nickel\|nickel]] | /'nikl/ | n. 镍, 镍币, 五分镍币 | n. a hard malleable ductile silvery metallic element that is resistant to corros | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I think so. Mr. Geller: Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strafe\|strafe]] | /streif/ | vt. 猛烈炮轰, 惩罚, 用机枪扫射, 损害 | n. an attack of machine-gun fire or cannon fire from a low flying airplane | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I think so. Mr. Geller: Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#troop\|troop]] | /tru:p/ | n. 军队, 一群, 一队 | n. a group of soldiers | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I think so. Mr. Geller: Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#differently\|differently]] | /'difrentli/ | adv. 差异, 不同, 各别, 各种 | r. in another and different manner; | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, * |
