---
season: 3
episode: "09"
title: "The One With The Football"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E09 — The One With The Football

*Written by: Ira Ungerleider*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the whole gang is there, the guys are watching football, the girls are cooking Thanksgiving dinner.

**The Guys:** *(reacting to a play)* Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Awww!

**Phoebe:** Hey, it’s your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help.

**The Guys:** We will. *(they don’t move)*

**Monica:** Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmellows in [[Friends-词汇总表#concentric\|concentric]] [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circles]].

**Rachel:** No Mon, you want to put them in [[Friends-词汇总表#concentric\|concentric]] [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circles]]. I want to do this.

*(Rachel sticks a marshmellow into Monica’s nose. Monica takes it out of her nose by closing one nostril, and blowing.)*

**Monica:** Every year.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.

**Phoebe:** Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. *(just as she sits down)*.

**Ross:** Halftime.

**Joey:** Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?

**Rachel:** Oh! That would be sooo much fun!

**Phoebe:** Oh, can I play too? I’ve never played football, like ever.

**Joey:** Great, you can cover Chandler.

**Chandler:** No, no, no, I don’t, I don’t really wanna play.

**Joey:** Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.

**Chandler:** That’s not true! I wanted to wear my [[Friends-词汇总表#bathrobe\|bathrobe]] and eat [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cluster\|clusters]] all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don’t say that I don’t have goals!

**Joey:** Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it’ll take your mind off Janice, and if you don’t play, everyone will be mad at you ‘cause the teams won’t be even. Come on.

**Chandler:** Yeah, all right, I’ll play.

**Phoebe:** Yay!!

**Rachel:** Let’s do it! Ross?

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** Do you wanna play football?

**Ross:** Um, Monica and I [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t supposed to play football.

**Joey:** Says who? Your mom? Monica and Ross: Yeah.

**Monica:** Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the ‘Geller Bowl.’

**Chandler:** No, no, no, you say that [[Friends-词汇总表#proudly\|proudly]].

**Monica:** Anyway, Ross and I were always [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captains]], and um, it got kind’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#competitive\|competitive]] and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] broke Ross’s [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]].

**Ross:** It was soo not an [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]]. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] [[Friends-词汇总表#elbow\|elbow]] right into my face. And just keep running.

**Monica:** To score the winning [[Friends-词汇总表#touchdown\|touchdown]], by the way.

**Ross:** Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the [[Friends-词汇总表#touchdown\|touchdown]] didn’t count, because of the [[Friends-词汇总表#spectacularly\|spectacularly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]], oh and by the way [[Friends-词汇总表#savage\|savage]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] breaking.

**Monica:** *(to Chandler and Joey)* I won the game.

**Ross:** Oh yeah! Then how come you didn’t get the Geller Cup?

**Rachel:** Um, there was a Geller Cup?

**Ross:** Yes, it was the [[Friends-词汇总表#trophy\|trophy]] you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, ‘nobody won that game, ‘ and he was [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] of our fighting, so he took the trophy and.... *(pauses to collect himself, as he is on the verge of tears saying this)* threw it in the lake.

**Chandler:** And was the [[Friends-词汇总表#curse\|curse]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lifted]]?

**Ross:** Anyway. That’s when our Mom said we were not to play football ever again.

**Monica:** Y'know what, I think we should play a game. I mean come on, it’s been [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] years.

**Ross:** Can I see you for a second?

*(they walk over to the sink and discuss it for a moment)*

**Monica:** *(shouting)* Once!!

**Ross:** All right, we’re gonna play.

**Chandler:** But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won’t let me cross the street.


> [!scene] Scene: The Park, the gang is warming up for their football game.

**Monica:** Okay. Let’s bring it in.

**Rachel:** Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.

**Ross:** Here you go. *(throws her the ball)*

**Rachel:** *(knocking it down instead of catching it)* That almost hit me in the face.

**Joey:** All right, we have to pick [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captains]].

**Chandler:** And then Tineals.

**Phoebe:** Okay, so how do we [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] that?

**Monica:** Well, why don’t we just [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] up. Rachel, Chandler, and Joey: What? Monica and Ross: *(holding both of their hands above their heads making rabbit ears with their fingers.)* Bunny!

**Monica:** Okay, looks like Ross and I are [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captains]]. Okay, so um, I [[Friends-词汇总表#bunnied\|bunnied]] first so that means I get to pick first. Joey.

**Joey:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** Monica, I’m your best friend.

**Ross:** Sweetie, don’t worry you’ll get picked. Chandler.

**Rachel:** Ross!

**Monica:** Phoebe.

*(Phoebe kisses Rachel on the cheek, then joins her team.)*

**Ross:** Sweetie, now I pick you.

**Rachel:** You don’t pick me! You’re stuck with me!

**Ross:** Okay. All right. So let’s see, let’s play from the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touch, we’ll kick off.

**Monica:** All right people listen, I’ve got exactly [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]]-eight minutes before I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#baste\|baste]] again.

**Chandler:** Wow! Just like in the pros.

**Monica:** Huddle up.

**Joey:** *(to his team)* All right, [[Friends-词汇总表#huddle\|huddle]] up, right over here.

**Phoebe:** Wait for me! Wait for me! Wait for me! Oh cool, this is my first [[Friends-词汇总表#huddle\|huddle]].

**Monica:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** Okay, so what do you guys really think of Chandler?

**Monica:** Okay, Phoebe you know what you’re doing right?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Okay, Joey’s gonna catch it, and you and I are gonna block.

**Phoebe:** What’s block?

**Monica:** Phoebe, I thought you said you know what you’re doing?

**Phoebe:** I thought you meant in life.

**Monica:** Break.

*(Chandler is getting ready to kick off, Ross is holding the ball between his foot and finger.)*

**Chandler:** The ball is Janice. The ball is Janice. *(goes to kick the ball but kicks Ross’s foot instead.)*

**Ross:** Oww!! Son of a...!! Ow! Come on!

**Chandler:** Sorry. I’m sorry. Y'know what, we’re just gonna throw it.

*(Chandler throws the ball to kick-off.)*

**Joey:** I got it. *(catches the ball)*

**Phoebe:** Go! Go! Go!

*(Joey runs up field and fakes out Ross and scores a touchdown. His team all celebrates the touchdown.)*

**Monica:** Score!! 7 to nothing!

**Rachel:** *(coming over to Ross, who is just getting up)* Are you okay?

**Ross:** Come on, let’s go!

**Monica:** Losers walk!

**Ross:** Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|losers]] talk!

**Chandler:** No, no, no, actually [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|losers]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]].


> [!scene] cut to later, Ross’s team has the ball.

**Chandler:** *(coming up under center, just like a real quarterback does, and puts his hands between Ross’s legs.)* Twenty-three!! Seventy-four!! *(Ross stands up and looks at him)* You wanna go [[Friends-词汇总表#shotgun\|shotgun]]?

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Chandler:** *(from the shotgun)* Hike! Monica and Joey: One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi. Three-Mississippi.

*(Rachel runs a quick slant.)*

**Rachel:** Over here!

*(Chandler throws her the ball, which she drops.)*

**Rachel:** *(proud of her self)* I almost caught that one!

**Chandler:** Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7.

**Ross:** Okay, *(to Chandler)* this play, I want you to do a down and out to the right. Okay. Break!

**Rachel:** Wait, what am I gonna do?

**Ross:** You, you go long.

**Rachel:** Wait, how long?

**Ross:** Until we start to look very small.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Ross:** Break!!


> [!scene] cut to later, Monica’s team has the ball.

**Joey:** Set....[[Friends-词汇总表#hike\|hike]]!

**Ross:** One-Mississippi, two-Mississippi, switch! Switch! Switch!!

**Chandler:** No, no, no, no, no!

*(Monica throws the ball over Joey’s head, it’s stopped from rolling away by a very beautiful woman.)*

**Joey:** Haaaaa! Hey-hey, thanks for stopping our ball.

**Woman:** *(in a foreign accent)* You are playing American football?

**Joey:** Yeah! Wow, your like from a whole other country.

**Woman:** I’m Dutch.

**Joey:** Hi-hi, I’m Joey.

**Woman:** I’m Margha.

**Joey:** I’m sorry Dutch, I didn’t get that last little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]].

**Chandler:** *(running up)* Hey Joey, do you wanna play football or you wanna.. *(sees Marhan)* Hi, I’m Chandler.

**Margha:** Hello, Chandler.

**Joey:** Her name is Dutch, and also Marklan.

**Margha:** Margha.

**Joey:** Mar-klan.

**Margha:** Mar-gha.

**Chandler:** Mar-haaaan.


> [!scene] cut to Ross and Monica.

**Monica:** Come on guys! Let’s go! Come on, it’s second down.

**Ross:** Uh, hello, it’s third down.

**Monica:** No it’s not, it’s second.

**Ross:** Wow!

**Monica:** Wow, what?

**Ross:** It just amazes me that your still pulling stuff like this.

**Monica:** Pulling what? It’s second down.

**Ross:** Okay, it’s second down. *(turns away)* Take all the second downs you need.

**Monica:** I heard that!

**Ross:** Well, I said it [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]].


> [!scene] cut to Chandler, Joey, and Margha.

**Margha:** It is okay, if I stay and watch? Chandler and Joey: Yeah! Why don’t you stick around. You can sit right there.

*(she goes and sits down)*

**Chandler:** Well, that went well.

**Joey:** I think so.

**Chandler:** Y'know, I was thinking about ah, asking her for her number.

**Joey:** Thanks man, but I think it makes a [[Friends-词汇总表#stronger\|stronger]] statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.

**Chandler:** Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.

**Joey:** Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I’ll let you have her.

**Chandler:** Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn’t I wouldn’t have a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]]?

**Joey:** Well I don’t like to say it out [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]], but, yeah! Don’t feel bad man, we all have our [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strengths]]. You’re better with numbers and stuff.

**Chandler:** Math!! You’re giving me [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]]! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we’ll see who gets her.


> [!scene] cut to later, in Ross’s huddle.

**Ross:** Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..

**Rachel:** Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it’s like all I’m doing is running back and [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] from the [[Friends-词汇总表#huddle\|huddle]].

**Ross:** Well ah, you wanna just stay out there?

**Rachel:** Can I see that for second.

**Ross:** Yeah.

*(Rachel takes the ball from his hands and bounces it off of Ross’s forehead and Chandler catches the rebound.)*

**Ross:** Okay. Hut! Hike!

*(Chandler runs around behind Ross, who pitches him the ball. Chandler runs upfield, and Joey knocks the ball out of his hands.)*

**Joey:** Fumble!

*(Joey starts to return the fumble and Chandler grabs Joey’s shirt and rips it off of his back.)*

**Joey:** What the hell’s the matter with you?! This is my [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] jersey.

**Chandler:** Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]].

**Joey:** All right, that’s it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.

**Chandler:** Hey! Well, I’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|preparing]] for that my entire life! Or something about you that’s mean!

**Monica:** All right, come on guys, let’s go! Tie score, and we’re runnin’ out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike! *(the timer sounds as Monica throws the ball to Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh I got it!! *(catches the ball)* Oh! Ew! Broken [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]]! Ow!

**Joey:** Pheebs, run!

**Monica:** Run, Phoebe, run!

*(Phoebe runs and scores a touchdown.)*

**Phoebe:** Touchdown!! Touchdown!!

**Ross:** Uh, hello, the [[Friends-词汇总表#buzzer\|buzzer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzzed]]. It doesn’t count.

**Monica:** After the [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snap]]!

**Ross:** Before the [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snap]]!

**Joey:** After!!

**Chandler:** Before!!

**Rachel:** Now, does it really matter?

**All:** Yes!!

**Phoebe:** Well, okay, I made a [[Friends-词汇总表#touchdown\|touchdown]]. It was my first touchdown. So?

**Ross:** Oh Pheebs, that’s great. It doesn’t count.

**Monica:** Does so count!

**Ross:** Cheater, [[Friends-词汇总表#cheater\|cheater]], [[Friends-词汇总表#compulsive\|compulsive]] [[Friends-词汇总表#eater\|eater]].

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!

**Monica:** Y'know what, that’s fine, maybe you haven’t grown up, but I have.

**Ross:** Oh-ho, okay.

**Monica:** Dead [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]]!! *(kicks him in the thigh.)*

**Ross:** Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheating]], go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]], all right. Phoebe the [[Friends-词汇总表#touchdown\|touchdown]] does count, you win.

**Phoebe:** Woo-yay!!

**Monica:** No! Listen, I’m not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] when you can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] it on the broken [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]], the [[Friends-词汇总表#buzzer\|buzzer]], or the fact that you thought you were getting [[Friends-词汇总表#mono\|mono]]. Let’s just call this, [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] score and it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#halftime\|halftime]].

**Ross:** Okay, first of all, I don’t play with [[Friends-词汇总表#cheater\|cheaters]], and second of all, you know I had [[Friends-词汇总表#swell\|swollen]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gland\|glands]]!!

**Monica:** Y'know what? I’ll think you’ll play.

**Ross:** Oh really! Why is that?


> [!scene] cut to Monica and Rachel’s.

**Monica:** Because the [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] gets this!

**Ross:** The Geller Cup.

**Chandler:** Is everybody else seeing a [[Friends-词汇总表#troll\|troll]] [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nailed]] to a two by four?

**All:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Okay, good.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The park, the gang is returning to play the second half of the game.

**Ross:** Okay, where in the hell did you get that?!

**Monica:** When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] fixed, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swam]] into the lake and fished it out.

**Ross:** That cup is mine!

**Monica:** No it’s not! You want it, you’re gonna have to win it!

**Rachel:** All right, so are we not having dinner at all?

**Monica:** Come on Phoebe, let’s go! Come on, it’s time to get serious, [[Friends-词汇总表#huddle\|huddle]] up. Joey, keep your head in the game.

**Joey:** It’s hard, y'know, his [[Friends-词汇总表#huddle\|huddle]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] to Dutch girl.

**Monica:** All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?

**Joey:** What are you gonna do?

**Monica:** All right, you just make sure that Chandler catches the ball, I’ll take care of the rest.

**Joey:** Okay.

**Monica:** Break!

**Joey:** Here you go!

*(Joey throws the ball to Chandler)*

**Ross:** Chandler! Chandler!

*(Chandler catches the ball and starts to run upfield.)*

**Chandler:** *(to Margha)* Hi.

*(just as he gets in front of Margha, Monica comes up and tackles him)*

**Monica:** Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don’t see that [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]], do ya?

**Ross:** Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What’s with the [[Friends-词汇总表#tackle\|tackling]]?

**Monica:** What?! I just touched him and he went over.

**Ross:** Okay, you wanna play [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]], we can play rough.

*(They both stare each other down as we hear ‘Let’s get ready to r-r-r-rum-ble!!!’)*

*(A long football sequence follows.)*


> [!scene] Sequence 1: Monica throws the ball over Chandler’s head to Joey who catches it for a touchdown, and starts to dance in celebration. Chandler then tackles him, and he starts to dance in celebration.


> [!scene] Sequence 2: Monica runs upfield and stops, waiting for a pass. Ross runs over and pulls her pants down, steps in front of her and intercepts the pass.


> [!scene] Sequence 3: Chandler throws a pass to Ross, who catches it. Phoebe starts screaming and runs up to him and tries to tackle him. But all she ends up doing is running around his waist and screaming.


> [!scene] Sequence 4: Ross hikes the ball to Chandler, and the camera pans down to show Rachel standing deep in the end zone, playing with her gum. Something hits her on the head and she looks up to see where it came from.


> [!scene] Sequence 5: Monica hands the ball off to Phoebe, who runs up field and delivers a fore-arm shiver to Chandler, knocking him over and scores the touchdown, and she yells...

**Phoebe:** I love this game!!


> [!scene] cut to Ross who walks up to Rachel who is eating a baked pretzel.

**Ross:** Hey, where’d you get that?

**Rachel:** I went really long.

**Monica:** Forty-two to [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]]-one! Like the [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]], Ross is done!

**Ross:** It’s no surprise that your winning, ‘cause you got to pick first, so you got the better team.

**Monica:** You’re so [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]]! Why can’t you just accept it, we’re winning because I’m better than you.

*(Ross makes a ‘Yeah. Right.’ sound.)*

**Monica:** Oh, what a great argument, [[Friends-词汇总表#exhale\|exhaling]]! All right, y'know what, I’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] it to you, okay. I’ll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I’ll still win the game.

**Ross:** What?! The guys against the girls? See, that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] Monica, because I’m only down by three [[Friends-词汇总表#touchdown\|touchdowns]].

**Monica:** Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of girls.

**Ross:** Fine, fine, Rachel your with Monica, Joey you’re with me.

**Rachel:** I can not believe your trading me!!

**Monica:** Come on Rach, come on. Let’s see what’s it like to be on a winning team for a change.

**Rachel:** Are you gonna let me play?

**Monica:** All right then.


> [!scene] cut to the guys’ team.

**Margha:** *(coming over)* The game is over, we eat now?

**Chandler:** No-no-no-no, the game’s not over, we’re just switching teams.

**Joey:** Yeah, Chandler finds me so intimdating that it’s better if we’re on the same team.

**Ross:** Right. Okay, let’s play. Let’s go.

**Chandler:** No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?

**Joey:** Ah well, the ah, Pennsylvania Dutch, come from Pennsylvania.

**Chandler:** And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] near the Netherlands, right?

**Joey:** Nice try. *(to Margha)* See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.

**Margha:** Oh, my.

**Ross:** Enough with [[Friends-词汇总表#geography\|geography]] for the [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]], okay? Let’s play some ball, guys.

**Joey:** Whoa, whoa, no, no, I-I’m not playing with this guy, now.

**Chandler:** Fine with me.

**Ross:** Okay, y'know what, let’s just cut to the [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like? Chandler and Joey: What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing?

**Margha:** Which do I like?

**Ross:** Yeah, y'know for dating, general [[Friends-词汇总表#merriment\|merriment]], taking back to your [[Friends-词汇总表#windmill\|windmill]]...

**Margha:** Well, if I had to chose right now, which by the way I find really weird, I would have to say, Chandler.

**Chandler:** Yes!!

**Joey:** Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn’t understand the question.

**Chandler:** Well, you don’t you have Captain Hook [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] it to her.

**Margha:** I’m sorry, Joey, that is my chose.

**Chandler:** You hear that! That is her chose, [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] I’ll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-[[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|wave]] in [[Friends-词汇总表#celebration\|celebration]] of me!! *(does the wave.)*

**Margha:** I’m now thinking I would like to change my answer to, no one.

**Chandler:** Wh-what?

**Margha:** I now find you [[Friends-词汇总表#shallow\|shallow]] and um, a [[Friends-词汇总表#dork\|dork]]. All right, bye.

**Joey:** Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.

**Chandler:** Y'know what, it doesn’t matter, ‘cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!

**Ross:** Save the [[Friends-词汇总表#breakthrough\|breakthroughs]] for therapy, okay. The [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#tick\|ticking]]. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.

**Chandler:** We’re not gonna lose to girls.

**Ross:** Hey! It’s 42-21!

**Joey:** This sucks, I was just up by that much!

**Monica:** Are we playing football or what? Come on you [[Friends-词汇总表#hairy\|hairy]]-backed Marries.


> [!scene] cut to the girls huddle.

**Monica:** We have to do this. We are playing for women [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]]. Okay, just think about every [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you’re making out...

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! You dated someone with a glass eye too?!

**Monica:** Come on, okay, come on this is for all [[Friends-词汇总表#womankind\|womankind]]. Let’s kill ‘um!

**Rachel:** Yeah!!! Kill ‘um!!!

**Phoebe:** All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] three boys?

*(Another football sequence follows)*


> [!scene] Sequence 1: Chandler is running past Phoebe with the ball, Phoebe flashes him, he stops and stares dumbfounded at her. Phoebe then runs up and takes the ball away.


> [!scene] Sequence 2: Phoebe throws the ball, and it’s intercepted by Joey, who starts to run up field. Rachel jumps on his back in order to try and tackle him, but she doesn’t slow him down. Monica and Phoebe then both grab her legs in order to stop Joey, who still manages to fight through the tackle and score the touchdown.


> [!scene] Sequence 3: Chandler is running with the ball, Phoebe flashes him again, but Chandler covers his eyes, and keeps running. He then runs into a tree at the end of the field.


> [!scene] cut to the girls huddle

**Monica:** All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we’re down by two points. Two points.... *(she gets interrupted by the guys, who are doing a slow-motion high five.)* Phoebe you do a button-[[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] again. Rachel, you go long.

**Rachel:** No! Come on! Don’t make me go long. Use me. They never cover me.

**Monica:** Honey, there’s a reason.

**Rachel:** God, I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]], okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.

**Phoebe:** Come on Mon, let her throw the ball.

**Monica:** All right Rachel, you [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweep]] behind, I’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitch]] it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.

**Rachel:** Thank you! Break!

**Monica:** Thirty-two! Seventy-one! Hike!

*(Phoebe snaps the ball to Monica, who pitches back to Rachel.)*

**The Guys:** One-Mississippi! Two-Mississippi! Three-Mississippi!

*(They all rush toward Rachel, who panics and runs away. She runs out of the park and up along the fence, she then comes back into the park and runs past Monica, as she gets to Monica, she throws the ball at Monica, and it hits her in the eye.)*

**Rachel:** I’m so sorry! Are you okay?

**Monica:** No! I’m not okay!

**Rachel:** I’m sorry, they were just all coming at me, and I didn’t know what to do.

**Joey:** *(looking at the timer)* Thirty seconds left on the [[Friends-词汇总表#timer\|timer]]!

**Chandler:** Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#troll\|troll]] thing home!

**Monica:** Come on! Come on! Hurry! We’re running out of time! Huddle up!

**Phoebe:** Okay. Oooh! Oh, this is our last [[Friends-词汇总表#huddle\|huddle]], yeah.

**Monica:** All right, Phoebe get open. Rachel, go long.

**Rachel:** *(on the verge of tears)* Okay.

**Monica:** Break!

*(In slow motion, Phoebe snaps the ball, Rachel goes long. Joey and Chandler and all over Phoebe, leaving Rachel wide open. Ross starts to rush Monica, who sees Phoebe is double covered, in desperation she throws to Rachel. We see flying through the air, and then Rachel running underneath it, then the ball, then Rachel again, then the ball, then Phoebe, Chandler, and Joey staring at it in shock. Then with the grace of Jerry Rice (no offense to Jerry Rice), Rachel catches the ball, and she stops and spikes the ball. Both Phoebe and Monica erupt in celebration.)*

**Rachel:** *(in triumph)* I got a [[Friends-词汇总表#touchdown\|touchdown]]! We did it!!

**Chandler:** Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that [[Friends-词汇总表#pole\|pole]], so you’re five feet short, so we win!

**Phoebe:** Wait-wait-wait-wait! So, [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] something to me though, if, if nobody tagged Rachel, then isn’t the play still going.

*(they all start to dive for the ball and Monica and Ross grab it at the same time.)*

**Ross:** Let go! Let go!

**Monica:** Let go! I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] little woman!!

**Chandler:** Guys! Guys! Come on! It’s Thanksgiving, it’s not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, *(to Joey)* the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!

**Monica:** Ow!!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel, Phoebe, Chandler, and Joey are eating Thanksgiving dinner.

**Rachel:** We should [[Friends-词汇总表#defiantly\|defiantly]] play football more often. Maybe there’s a like league we could join or something.

**Phoebe:** Isn’t there a national football league.

**Chandler:** Yes. Yes, there is, they play on Sundays and Monday nights.

**Rachel:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]]! I work Monday nights.

**Phoebe:** Umm, this stuffing is amazing. Do you think we should bring them some?

**Joey:** When they’re [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] enough, they’ll come in.


> [!scene] Scene: The park, it’s dark outside and Monica and Ross are still fighting over the ball.

**Monica:** Let go!

**Ross:** No! You let go!

**Monica:** No!

**Ross:** How come it’s always us left in the field holding the ball?

**Monica:** I don’t know. I guess the other people just don’t care enough.

*(It starts snowing.)*

**Ross:** Hey! It’s starting to snow.

*(They both look up, and watch it start to snow. Then they both start fighting for the ball again.)*

**Ross:** Gimme the this!

**Monica:** Let go!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 8 | 156 | 115 | *Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 5 | 376 | 86 | *Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the ‘Geller Bowl.’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 4 | 308 | 105 | *Says who? Your mom? Monica and Ross: Yeah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 3 | 142 | 105 | *Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let’s kill ‘um!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *That’s not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start dri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind’ve competitive and one year, Geller Bow* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, ‘nobody won that game, ‘ and h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 2 | 82 | 60 | *It just amazes me that your still pulling stuff like this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Math!! You’re giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell’s the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 2 | 101 | 74 | *Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *That’s not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start dri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *That’s not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start dri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Um, Monica and I aren’t supposed to play football.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, ‘nobody won that game, ‘ and h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Sweetie, don’t worry you’ll get picked. Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *You don’t pick me! You’re stuck with me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Okay. All right. So let’s see, let’s play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *All right people listen, I’ve got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Okay, Joey’s gonna catch it, and you and I are gonna block.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *It just amazes me that your still pulling stuff like this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Y'know what, that’s fine, maybe you haven’t grown up, but I have.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *That cup is mine!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *All right, so are we not having dinner at all?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don’t see that everyday, do ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *It’s no surprise that your winning, ‘cause you got to pick first, so you got the better team.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Well, if I had to chose right now, which by the way I find really weird, I would have to say, Chandl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn’t understand the question.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *You hear that! That is her chose, mister I’ll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *I now find you shallow and um, a dork. All right, bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *I don’t know. I guess the other people just don’t care enough.* |

### 常用词（68）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 4 | 35 | 27 | *Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind’ve competitive and one year, Geller Bow* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 3 | 98 | 17 | *Hey, it’s your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]] | /'kæptin/ | n. 船长, 指挥官, 海军上校, 首领 | n. an officer holding a rank below a major but above a lieutenant | 3 | 14 | 10 | *Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind’ve competitive and one year, Geller Bow* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 3 | 32 | 24 | *Losers walk!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] | /mæθ/ | n. 数学 | n a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity an | 3 | 14 | 12 | *Math!! You’re giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] | /'sә:kl/ | n. 圆周, 社交圈, 循环, 范围 | n. ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by | 2 | 20 | 14 | *Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmellows in concentric circles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] | /'bʌni/ | n. 兔子 | n. a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a | 2 | 32 | 17 | *Well, why don’t we just bunny up. Rachel, Chandler, and Joey: What? Monica and Ross:  Bunny!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 2 | 37 | 30 | *Well, I said it loud.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 2 | 31 | 22 | *All right, come on guys, let’s go! Tie score, and we’re runnin’ out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 2 | 35 | 29 | *No! Listen, I’m not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] | /rʌf/ | n. 粗糙的东西, 毛坯, 未加工品, 梗概, 草图, 暴徒, 艰难 | n. the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut sh | 2 | 17 | 15 | *Okay, you wanna play rough, we can play rough.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 2 | 48 | 38 | *Well, you don’t you have Captain Hook explain it to her.* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 1 | 33 | 27 | *Oh! That would be sooo much fun!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] | /'pi:nʌt/ | n. 花生, 小人物, 极小的数额 | n. underground pod of the peanut vine | 1 | 15 | 12 | *That’s not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start dri* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *Um, Monica and I aren’t supposed to play football.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the ‘Geller Bowl.’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] | /.æksi'dentli/ | adv. 偶然地, 意外地 | r without advance planning | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind’ve competitive and one year, Geller Bow* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 1 | 42 | 29 | *It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] | /'æksidәnt/ | n. 意外事件, 机遇, 事故, 次要方面 | n. an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury | 1 | 24 | 22 | *It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 29 | 21 | *It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, ‘nobody won that game, ‘ and h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] | /lift/ | n. 举起, 帮助, 昂扬, 电梯 | n. the act of giving temporary assistance | 1 | 20 | 17 | *And was the curse lifted?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Y'know what, I think we should play a game. I mean come on, it’s been twelve years.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *Okay, so how do we decide that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 1 | 24 | 19 | *Okay. All right. So let’s see, let’s play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touc* |
| oww |  | [网络] 哦哇；创业投资公司；冲瓦可维株式会社 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Oww!! Son of a...!! Ow! Come on!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]] | /raim/ | n. 韵, 押韵, 韵文 | n. correspondence in the sounds of two or more lines (especially final sounds) | 1 | 12 | 10 | *No, no, no, actually losers rhyme.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | adv. 往前, 以后, 向外 | n. a river in southern Scotland that flows eastward to the Firth of Forth | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it’s like all I’m doing is running back and forth from the huddle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hut\|hut]] | /hʌt/ | n. 小屋, 茅舍, 临时军营 | n. temporary military shelter | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Okay. Hut! Hike!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 1 | 21 | 16 | *What the hell’s the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepare]] | /pri'pєә/ | vt. 准备, 筹备, 使在思想上有准备, 制造, 调制 | v. to prepare verbally, either for written or spoken delivery | 1 | 10 | 10 | *All right, that’s it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 1 | 27 | 18 | *Oh I got it!!  Oh! Ew! Broken boob! Ow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzz]] | /bʌz/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 流言 | n. sound of rapid vibration | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Uh, hello, the buzzer buzzed. It doesn’t count.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *Dead leg!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]] | /tʃi:t/ | n. 欺骗, 作弊, 骗子 | n. a deception for profit to yourself | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *No! Listen, I’m not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] | /'winә/ | n. 胜利者, 优胜者 | n. the contestant who wins the contest | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Because the winner gets this!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] | /dɒl/ | n. 洋娃娃, 无头脑的美丽女人 | n. a small replica of a person; used as a toy | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] | /neil/ | n. 钉子, 指甲 | n. horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]] | /swim/ | n. 游泳, 漂浮, 潮流, 眩晕 | v. travel through water | 1 | 16 | 12 | *When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your nose fixed, I swam into the lake and fished i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *It’s hard, y'know, his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don’t see that everyday, do ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 1 | 51 | 20 | *Forty-two to twenty-one! Like the turkey, Ross is done!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] | /pә'θetik/ | a. 悲哀的, 可怜的, 感伤的, 差劲的 | s. inspiring mixed contempt and pity | 1 | 18 | 14 | *You’re so pathetic! Why can’t you just accept it, we’re winning because I’m better than you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I’ll prove it to you, okay. I’ll trade * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *What?! The guys against the girls? See, that’s ridiculous Monica, because I’m only down by three tou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Nice try.  See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *Enough with geography for the insane, okay? Let’s play some ball, guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Okay, y'know what, let’s just cut to the chase here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like? Chan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 1 | 33 | 26 | *Well, you don’t you have Captain Hook explain it to her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *You hear that! That is her chose, mister I’ll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *Y'know what, it doesn’t matter, ‘cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 1 | 25 | 21 | *We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] | /'lauzi/ | a. 污秽的, 恶心的, 生虱的 | s. infested with lice | 1 | 13 | 13 | *We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] | /leim/ | a. 跛足的, 僵痛的, 不完全的, 金属薄板, 不知内情的人 | n. a fabric interwoven with threads of metal | 1 | 16 | 13 | *God, I’m not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] | /'θә:ti/ | num. 三十, 三十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and three | 1 | 34 | 18 | *All right, come on guys, let’s go! Tie score, and we’re runnin’ out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Come on! Come on! Hurry! We’re running out of time! Huddle up!* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Okay. Oooh! Oh, this is our last huddle, yeah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *Let go! I’m a tiny little woman!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Oh shoot! I work Monday nights.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *When they’re hungry enough, they’ll come in.* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 1 | 33 | 20 | ** |

### 低频词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#touchdown\|touchdown]] | /'tʌtʃdaun/ | n. 触地, 触地得分, 着地 | n. a score in American football; being in possession of the ball across the oppo | 8 | 9 | 2 | *To score the winning touchdown, by the way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#huddle\|huddle]] | /'hʌdl/ | n. 杂乱一团, 混乱, 拥挤 | n. (informal) a quick private conference | 8 | 9 | 2 | *Huddle up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dutch\|dutch]] | /dʌtʃ/ | n. 荷兰人, 荷兰语 | n. the people of the Netherlands | 8 | 13 | 4 | *I’m Dutch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hike\|hike]] | /haik/ | n. 徒步旅行, 远足, 涨价, 提高 | n. a long walk usually for exercise or pleasure | 5 | 11 | 5 | *Hike! Monica and Joey: One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi. Three-Mississippi.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concentric\|concentric]] | /kɒn'sentrik/ | a. 同中心的, 同轴的 | a. having a common center | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmellows in concentric circles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halftime\|halftime]] |  | n. 中场休息 | n. an intermission between the first and second half of a game | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Halftime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trophy\|trophy]] | /'trәufi/ | n. 战利品, 奖品 | n. an award for success in war or hunting | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, ‘nobody won that game, ‘ and h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buzzer\|buzzer]] | /'bʌzә/ | n. 嗡嗡作声的东西, 蜂音器 | n. a signaling device that makes a buzzing sound | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Uh, hello, the buzzer buzzed. It doesn’t count.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snap]] | /snæp/ | vt. 使突然中断, 猛咬, 争夺, 拉断, 使有啪啪声, 厉声说, 突然射击, 用快照拍摄 | n. a spell of cold weather | 2 | 12 | 8 | *After the snap!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheater\|cheater]] | /'tʃi:tә/ | n. 骗子, 诈手 | n someone who leads you to believe something that is not true | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#troll\|troll]] | /trɒl/ | vi. 滚动, 参加轮唱, 曳绳钓鱼 | n. (Scandanavian folklore) a supernatural creature (either a dwarf or a giant) t | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#netherlands\|netherlands]] | /'neðәlәndz/ | n. 荷兰 | n. a constitutional monarchy in western Europe on the North Sea; half the countr | 2 | 2 | 1 | *And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathrobe\|bathrobe]] | /'bɑ:θrәub/ | n. 浴衣 | n. a loose-fitting robe of towelling; worn after a bath or swim | 1 | 2 | 2 | *That’s not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start dri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cluster\|cluster]] | /'klʌstә/ | n. 串, 丛, 群, 簇 | v. come together as in a cluster or flock | 1 | 3 | 3 | *That’s not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start dri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proudly\|proudly]] | /'praudli/ | adv. 傲慢地, 自大地, 得意洋洋地 | r. with pride; in a proud manner | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, no, no, you say that proudly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#competitive\|competitive]] | /kәm'petitiv/ | a. 竞争的 | a. involving competition or competitiveness | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind’ve competitive and one year, Geller Bow* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elbow\|elbow]] | /'elbәu/ | n. 手肘, 弯头, 扶手 | n. hinge joint between the forearm and upper arm and the corresponding joint in  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spectacularly\|spectacularly]] |  | adv. 引人注目地；壮观地 | r. in a spectacular manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn’t count, because of the s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]] | /i'li:gәl/ | a. 违法的, 不合规定的 | a. prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn’t count, because of the s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#savage\|savage]] | /'sævidʒ/ | a. 未开化的, 野蛮的, 无礼的, 残酷的, 原始的, 粗鲁的, 未开发的 | n. a member of an uncivilized people | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn’t count, because of the s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curse\|curse]] | /kә:s/ | n. 咒骂, 诅咒 | n. profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger | 1 | 8 | 6 | *And was the curse lifted?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunnied\|bunnied]] |  | (bunny 的过去时) n. 兔子 | past tense of bunny | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, looks like Ross and I are captains. Okay, so um, I bunnied first so that means I get to pick f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baste\|baste]] | /beist/ | vt. 用长针脚粗缝, 润以油脂, 狠揍 | n. a loose temporary sewing stitch to hold layers of fabric together | 1 | 3 | 3 | *All right people listen, I’ve got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shotgun\|shotgun]] | /'ʃɒtgʌn/ | n. 散弹猎枪, 媒人 | n. firearm that is a double-barreled smoothbore shoulder weapon for firing shot  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Twenty-three!! Seventy-four!!  You wanna go shotgun?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stronger\|stronger]] |  | [经] 强劲的 | a having strength or power greater than average or expected | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Thanks man, but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] | /streŋθ/ | n. 力量, 实力, 强度, 浓度, 人数, 抵抗力 | n. the property of being physically or mentally strong | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Well I don’t like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don’t feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fumble\|fumble]] | /'fʌmbl/ | n. 摸索, 笨拙的行动, 漏球 | n. (sports) dropping the ball | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Fumble!* |
| runnin |  | [网络] 奔跑；奔跑吧；豪华版加歌 |  | 1 | 4 | 3 | *All right, come on guys, let’s go! Tie score, and we’re runnin’ out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compulsive\|compulsive]] | /kәm'pʌlsiv/ | a. 强制的, 强迫的 | n. a person with a compulsive disposition; someone who feels compelled to do cer | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eater\|eater]] | /'i:tә/ | n. 吃...的人, 生吃的水果, 美味的水果 | n. someone who consumes food for nourishment | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mono\|mono]] | /'mɔnәu/ | a. 单声道的 | s. designating sound transmission or recording or reproduction over a single cha | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No! Listen, I’m not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swell\|swell]] | /swel/ | n. 增大, 隆起的部分, 巨浪, 肿胀 | n. the undulating movement of the surface of the open sea | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Okay, first of all, I don’t play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gland\|gland]] | /glænd/ | n. 腺, 密封套 | n. any of various organs that synthesize substances needed by the body and relea | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, first of all, I don’t play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tackle\|tackle]] | /'tækl/ | n. 工具, 复滑车, 滑车, 装备, 扭倒 | n. the person who plays that position on a football team | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don’t see that everyday, do ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exhale\|exhale]] | /eks'heil/ | v. 呼气, 发出, 散发 | v. expel air | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I’ll prove it to you, okay. I’ll trade * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pan\|pan]] | /pæn/ | n. 平锅, 浅盘, 盆地, 硬土层, 拍摄全景 | n. cooking utensil consisting of a wide metal vessel | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Nice try.  See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tinker\|tinker]] | /'tiŋkә/ | n. 补锅匠, 会做各种修补活计的人 | n. a person who enjoys fixing and experimenting with machines and their parts | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nice try.  See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geography\|geography]] | /dʒi'ɒgrәfi/ | n. 地理学, 地理 | n. study of the earth's surface; includes people's responses to topography and c | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Enough with geography for the insane, okay? Let’s play some ball, guys.* |
| heidi | /'haidi/ | n. 海蒂（Adalheid的昵称） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, y'know what, let’s just cut to the chase here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like? Chan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#merriment\|merriment]] | /'merimәnt/ | n. 欢喜, 嬉戏 | n a gay feeling | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, y'know for dating, general merriment, taking back to your windmill...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#windmill\|windmill]] | /'windmil/ | n. 风车 | n. a mill that is powered by the wind | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, y'know for dating, general merriment, taking back to your windmill...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebration\|celebration]] | /.seli'breiʃәn/ | n. 庆祝, 庆典 | n. a joyful occasion for special festivities to mark some happy event | 1 | 10 | 7 | *You hear that! That is her chose, mister I’ll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shallow\|shallow]] | /'ʃælәu/ | n. 水浅的地方, 浅滩 | v. make shallow | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I now find you shallow and um, a dork. All right, bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dork\|dork]] | /dɔ:k/ | n. <俚>笨蛋 | n a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I now find you shallow and um, a dork. All right, bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breakthrough\|breakthrough]] | /'breikθru:/ | n. 突破 | n. making an important discovery | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tick\|tick]] | /tik/ | n. 滴答声, 一瞬间, 壁虱, 褥套, 信用, 赊欠 | n. a metallic tapping sound | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#womankind\|womankind]] | /'wjmәnkaind/ | n. 女子, 妇女, 女性, 妇女们, 女子们 | n. women as distinguished from men | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let’s kill ‘um!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweep]] | /swi:p/ | n. 扫除, 打扫, 肃清, 视野, 范围, 全胜 | n. a wide scope | 1 | 12 | 7 | *All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I’ll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All rig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitch]] | /pitʃ/ | n. 程度, 坡度, 顶点, 前倾, 倾斜, 投掷, 音高, 螺距, 节距, 摊位, 树脂, 沥青 | n. the property of sound that varies with variation in the frequency of vibratio | 1 | 7 | 6 | *All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I’ll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All rig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#timer\|timer]] | /'taimә/ | n. 计时员, 计时器 | n. a timepiece that measures a time interval and signals its end | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Thirty seconds left on the timer!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pole\|pole]] | /pәul/ | n. 波兰人, 极点, 磁极, 电极, 杆, 竿, 相反的极端 | n. a long (usually round) rod of wood or metal or plastic | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you’re five feet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#holland\|holland]] | /'hɒlәnd/ | n. 荷兰 | n a constitutional monarchy in western Europe on the North Sea; half the country | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Guys! Guys! Come on! It’s Thanksgiving, it’s not important who wins or loses. The important thing is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amsterdam\|amsterdam]] | /.æmstә'dæm/ | n. 阿姆斯特丹(荷兰首都) | n. an industrial center and the nominal capital of the Netherlands; center of th | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Guys! Guys! Come on! It’s Thanksgiving, it’s not important who wins or loses. The important thing is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#defiantly\|defiantly]] |  | adv. 对抗地；挑战地 | r in a rebellious manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there’s a like league we could join or something* |
