---
season: 3
episode: "10"
title: "The One Where Rachel Quits"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E10 — The One Where Rachel Quits

*Written by: Michael Curtis and Gregory S. Malins*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Rachel are sitting on the couch.

**Chandler:** *(reading the comics)* Eh..., I don’t, I don’t know.

**Rachel:** What?

**Chandler:** Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] this thing?

**Gunther:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Gunther:** Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|trained]] by another [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]]?

**Rachel:** Oh, sure! Do you need me to [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] somebody new?

**Gunther:** *(laughs)* Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|training]] again, [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]].

**Rachel:** *(to Chandler)* Eh, do you believe that?

**Chandler:** *(thinks about it)* Yeah?


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway of Ross’s building, there is a Brown Bird girl selling cookies, as Ross and Chandler come up the stairs.

**Sarah:** So that’s two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] of the Brown Birds of America, I [[Friends-词汇总表#salute\|salute]] you. *(Does the Brown Bird salute, she blows on a bird call, then holds her hand, palm facing out, next to her face, and then waves it like a bird flapping it’s wings.)*

**Ross:** Just [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] it Chandler, you have no [[Friends-词汇总表#backhand\|backhand]].

**Chandler:** Excuse me little one, I have a very solid [[Friends-词汇总表#backhand\|backhand]].

**Ross:** Shielding your face and [[Friends-词汇总表#shriek\|shrieking]] like a girl... is not a [[Friends-词汇总表#backhand\|backhand]].

**Chandler:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#shriek\|shrieking]]... like a Marine.

*(they both start up the stairs.)*

**Ross:** All right here. Watch me [[Friends-词汇总表#execute\|execute]] the three ‘P’s of [[Friends-词汇总表#championship\|championship]] play. Power. *(swings the racquet)* Precision. *(swings the racquet.)* and penache. *(does a backswing and hits Sarah who’s started up the stairs, knocking her down, they both watch in horror.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the gang’s all there discussing the incident.

**Monica:** You broke a little girl’s [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]]?!!

**Ross:** I know. I feel [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]. Okay.

**Chandler:** *(reading the paper)* Says here that a [[Friends-词汇总表#muppet\|muppet]] got [[Friends-词汇总表#whack\|whacked]] on Seasame Street last night. *(to Ross)* Where exactly were around ten-ish?

**Ross:** Well, I’m gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she’ll like?

**Monica:** Maybe a Hello Kitty [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]], the ability to walk...

*(Rachel starts to laugh, and Ross notices her.)*

**Rachel:** I’m gonna get back to [[Friends-词汇总表#retrain\|retraining]]. *(gets up)*

**Ross:** All right, see you guys. *(starts to leave)*

**Chandler:** Look out kids, he’s coming! *(Ross continues to leave with his head down in shame.)*

**Joey:** And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.

**Phoebe:** Have fun. Oh wait, no, don’t! I forgot I am totally against that now.

**Joey:** What? Me having a job?

**Phoebe:** No, no, I am against [[Friends-词汇总表#innocent\|innocent]] trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their [[Friends-词汇总表#corps\|corpses]] [[Friends-词汇总表#grotesquely\|grotesquely]] dressed in like [[Friends-词汇总表#tinsel\|tinsel]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#twinkly\|twinkly]] lights. *(to Joey)* Hey, how do you sleep at night?

**Joey:** Well, I’m pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] from [[Friends-词汇总表#lug\|lugging]] the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfil\|fulfilling]] their life purpose, by, by making people happy.

**Phoebe:** Really?

*(Phoebe turns and looks at Monica, while Joey frantically motions to Chandler to help him out.)*

**Chandler:** Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it’s the only chance to see New York.


> [!scene] cut to Gunther retraining Rachel.

**Gunther:** ...and after you’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|delivered]] the drinks, you take the [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]]....

**Rachel:** Gunther, Gunther, please, I’ve worked here for two and a half years, I know the [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|trays]] go over there. *(points to the counter.)*

**Gunther:** What if you put them here. *(sets the empty tray on another stack of empty trays on the back counter.)*

**Rachel:** Huh. Well, y'know that’s actually a really good idea, because that way they’ll be [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] to the [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugs]]. Y'know what, you should have the other [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitresses]] do that too.

**Gunther:** They already do. That’s why they call it the ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]].’

**Rachel:** Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I’m, I’m sorry. *(walks away)*

**Gunther:** It’s all right. Sweetheart.


> [!scene] Scene: Sarah’s bedroom, her room is decorated with a space motif.

**Ross:** So, this must be kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don’t have to sell those [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]] anymore.

**Sarah:** Well, I kinda wanted to sell the [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]]. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space [[Friends-词汇总表#shuttle\|shuttle]].

**Ross:** Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?

**Sarah:** Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do [[Friends-词汇总表#daydream\|daydreaming]] about [[Friends-词汇总表#outer\|outer]] space, he’d be able to [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] a trip to the Taj Mahal.

**Ross:** I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.

**Sarah:** No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the [[Friends-词汇总表#slot\|slots]]. He says he’s gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.

**Ross:** Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?

**Sarah:** The girl who won last year sold four hundred and [[Friends-词汇总表#seventy\|seventy]]-five.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Sarah:** So far, I’ve sold [[Friends-词汇总表#seventy\|seventy]]-five.

**Ross:** Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. *(starts to get out his wallet)* How much are the boxes?

**Sarah:** Five dollars a box.

**Ross:** *(puts away his wallet)* And what is second [[Friends-词汇总表#prize\|prize]]?

**Sarah:** A ten speed [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]]. But, I’d rather have something my Dad couldn’t sell.

**Ross:** Well, that makes sense.

**Sarah:** Could you do me one [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]], if it’s not too much [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]]?

**Ross:** Yeah, Sarah, anything.

**Sarah:** Could you pull open the [[Friends-词汇总表#curtain\|curtains]] for me? The [[Friends-词汇总表#astronaut\|astronauts]] from the space [[Friends-词汇总表#shuttle\|shuttle]] are gonna be on the news, and since we don’t have a TV, the lady across the [[Friends-词汇总表#alley\|alley]] said she’d [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]] up to a window, so I could watch it.


> [!scene] Scene: A hallway, Ross is selling Brown Bird cookies for Sarah, he stops and knocks on a door.

**Woman:** *(looking through her peephole, we see Ross standing in the hallway.)* Yesss?

**Ross:** Hi, I’m selling Brown Bird [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]].

**Woman:** You’re no Brown Bird, I can see you through my [[Friends-词汇总表#peephole\|peephole]].

**Ross:** No, hi, I’m, I’m an [[Friends-词汇总表#honorary\|honorary]] Brown Bird *(does the Brown Bird salute.)*

**Woman:** What does that mean?

**Ross:** Ah, well, it means that I can sell [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]], but I’m not invited to sleep-overs.

**Woman:** I can [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] 9-1-1 at the touch of a button, y'know. Now, go away!

**Ross:** No, please, please, um, it’s for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.

**Woman:** I’m pressing, a [[Friends-词汇总表#policeman\|policeman]] is on his way.

**Ross:** Okay, okay! I’m going. I’m going. *(goes across the hall to knock on another door.)*

**Woman:** I can still see you!

**Ross:** All right!!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey’s work, selling Christmas trees.

**Phoebe:** *(walking up to Joey)* Hey.

**Joey:** Hey. What, what are you doing here?

**Phoebe:** Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little [[Friends-词汇总表#judgmental\|judgmental]]. Yeah, *(looks at the tree)* oh, but oh...

**Joey:** Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfil\|fulfilling]] their Christmas....

**Phoebe:** Destiny.

**Joey:** Sure.

**Phoebe:** Yes.

**Joey:** All right.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(One of Joey’s co-workers, walks by with a dead tree.)* Yikes! That one doesn’t look very [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfil\|fulfilled]].

**Joey:** Oh, that’s, that’s ah, one of the old ones, he’s just taking it to the back.

**Phoebe:** You keep the old ones in the back, that is so [[Friends-词汇总表#ageist\|ageist]].

**Joey:** Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.

**Phoebe:** So, what happens to the old guys?

**Joey:** Well, they go into the [[Friends-词汇总表#chipper\|chipper]].

**Phoebe:** Why, do I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] that’s not as happy as it sounds? *(Joey points out one going into the chipper to her, as this haunty, demonic music starts to play in the background)* No! Nooooo!!! *(she winces in horror and hides her face against Joey’s shoulder, as she sees the tree spit out from the chipper.)*

**Joey:** *(to the guy operating the chipper)* Hey! Hey!! *(makes the ‘cut it’ motion with his hands)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, all except Phoebe are there, Ross is telling the gang, minus Rachel who’s still being retrained, about the different cookie options.

**Ross:** ...and these come in the [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shapes]] of your [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.

**Joey:** All right, I’ll take a box of the [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] filled Jesus’s.

**Ross:** Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I’m trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I’m putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?

**Chandler:** Ahh, do you have any [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] [[Friends-词汇总表#flavour\|flavoured]] [[Friends-词汇总表#deity\|deities]]?

**Ross:** No, but ah, there’s [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I’ll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.

*(Chandler mouths ‘Okay.’)*

**Ross:** Mon?

**Monica:** All right, I’ll take one box of the [[Friends-词汇总表#mint\|mint]] [[Friends-词汇总表#treasure\|treasures]], just one, and that’s it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. *(to Ross)* Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?

**Ross:** Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I’m sure that’s not gonna happen this time, why don’t I put you down for three of the [[Friends-词汇总表#mint\|mint]] [[Friends-词汇总表#treasure\|treasures]] and just a couple of the Rudolph’s.

**Monica:** No.

**Ross:** Oh, come on, now you know you want ‘em.

**Monica:** Don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t, don’t do this.

**Ross:** I’ll tell you what Mon, I’ll give you the first box for free.

**Monica:** *(she reaches out for it and stops)* Oh God! I gotta go! *(runs out)*

**Ross:** Come on! All the cool kids are eating ‘em! *(chases after her.)*


> [!scene] cut to Gunther retraining Rachel.

**Gunther:** And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don’t just [[Friends-词汇总表#trap\|trap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spiders]] under coffee [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugs]] and leave them there.

**Rachel:** *(sitting down next to Chandler)* I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|training]] to be better at a job that I hate, my life [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] sucks.

**Joey:** Look Rach, wasn’t this supposed to a [[Friends-词汇总表#temporary\|temporary]] thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?

**Rachel:** Well, yeah! I’m still [[Friends-词汇总表#pursue\|pursuing]] that.

**Chandler:** How... exactly are you [[Friends-词汇总表#pursue\|pursuing]] that? Y'know other than sending out [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resumes]] like what, two years ago?

**Rachel:** Well, I’m also sending out.... good thoughts.

**Joey:** If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you’ve got nothing [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]] you to get another one. You need the [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]].

**Rachel:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]]?

**Chandler:** He’s right, if you [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] this job, you then have [[Friends-词汇总表#motivation\|motivation]] to go after a job you really want.

**Rachel:** Well then how come you’re still at a job that you hate, I mean why don’t you [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] and get ‘the [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]]’?

*(Chandler and Joey both laugh)*

**Chandler:** Because, I’m too afraid.

**Rachel:** I don’t know, I mean I would give anything to work for a [[Friends-词汇总表#designer\|designer]], y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don’t want to be 30 and still work here.

**Chandler:** Yeah, that’d be much worse than being 28, and still working here.

**Gunther:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Gunther:** Remind me to review with you which [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#decaf\|decaf]] and which is regular.

**Rachel:** Can’t I just look at the handles on them?

**Gunther:** You would think.

**Rachel:** Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]], do you know why I’m a terrible waitress? Because, I don’t care. I don’t care. I don’t care which [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]] is regular and which pot is [[Friends-词汇总表#decaf\|decaf]], I don’t care where the [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] is, I just don’t care, this is not what I want to do. So I don’t think I should do it anymore. I’m gonna give you my weeks notice.

**Gunther:** What?!

**Rachel:** Gunther, I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]].

**Chandler:** *(to Joey)* Does this mean we’re gonna have to start paying for coffee? *(Joey shrugs his shoulders.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is entering numbers on a calculator as Ross reads off how much he’s sold.

**Ross:** ....and 12, 22, 18, four... *(Chandler starts laughing)* What?

**Chandler:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spelled]] out [[Friends-词汇总表#booby\|boobies]].

**Monica:** *(comes up and starts looking through Ross’s cookie supply)* Ross, but me down for another box of the [[Friends-词汇总表#mint\|mint]] [[Friends-词汇总表#treasure\|treasures]], okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?

**Ross:** Ah, we’re out. I sold them all.

**Monica:** What?

**Ross:** Monica, I’m cutting you off.

**Monica:** No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it’s no big deal, all right, I’m-I’m cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!

**Ross:** Mon, look at yourself. You have [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]].

**Monica:** *(covers her neck)* Oh God! *(runs to the bathroom)*

**Chandler:** So, how many have you sold so far?

**Ross:** Check this out. Five hundred and [[Friends-词汇总表#seventeen\|seventeen]] boxes!

**Chandler:** Oh my God, how did you do that?

**Ross:** Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#planetarium\|planetarium]], without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That’s when it [[Friends-词汇总表#occur\|occurred]] to me, the key to my success, ‘the munchies.’ So I ah, started hitting the NYU [[Friends-词汇总表#dorm\|dorms]] around [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]]. I am selling [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]] by the case. They call me: 'Cookie Dude!'

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Okay, stop what you’re doing, I need [[Friends-词汇总表#envelope\|envelope]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stuffer\|stuffers]], I need [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamp]] lickers.....

**Ross:** Well hey, who did these [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resumes]] for ya?

**Chandler:** Me! On my computer.

**Ross:** Well you sure used a large [[Friends-词汇总表#font\|font]].

**Chandler:** Eh, yeah, well ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] at a coffee shop and [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#squad\|squad]] co-[[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]] only took up so much room.

**Rachel:** Hey-hey-hey that’s funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!

**Chandler:** Something else I might have said?

**Rachel:** I don’t know, I don’t know, weren’t you the guy that told me to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!

**Ross:** Sweetie, [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down, it’s gonna be okay.

**Rachel:** No, it’s not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don’t have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I’m just gonna, I’m just gonna call Gunther and I’m gonna tell him, I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quitting]].

**Chandler:** You-you-you don’t wanna give into the [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]].

**Rachel:** You and your stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]]. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....

**Joey:** *(entering, interrupting Rachel)* Hey! I got great news!

**Chandler:** Run, Joey! Run for your life! *(runs out)*

**Joey:** What? Rachel, listen, have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?

**Rachel:** No.

**Joey:** Well my old man is doing a [[Friends-词汇总表#plumb\|plumbing]] job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?

**Rachel:** Oh my God! Yes, I would love that, oh, that is soo sweet, Joey.

**Joey:** Not a problem.

**Rachel:** Thanks.

**Joey:** And now for the great news.

**Ross:** What, that wasn’t the great news?

**Joey:** Only if you think it’s better than this... *(holds up an aerosol can)* snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorate]] the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.

**Monica:** Christmas [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey work, Joey is showing a guy a tree.

**Joey:** Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it’s a little more money, but you get a [[Friends-词汇总表#nicer\|nicer]] smell.

**Guy:** Looks good. I’ll take it.

**Phoebe:** *(running up carrying a tree)* Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! No, no, you don’t want that one. No, you can have this cool brown one. *(points to the almost dead tree she has)*

**Guy:** It’s-it’s-it’s almost dead!

**Phoebe:** Okay but that’s why you have to buy it, so it can [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfil\|fulfil]] it’s Christmas [[Friends-词汇总表#destiny\|destiny]], otherwise there gonna throw it into the [[Friends-词汇总表#chipper\|chipper]]. Tell him, Joey

**Joey:** Yeah, the ah, trees that don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfil\|fulfil]] their Christmas [[Friends-词汇总表#destiny\|destiny]] are thrown in the [[Friends-词汇总表#chipper\|chipper]].

**Guy:** I-I think I’m gonna look around a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] more.

**Joey:** Pheebs, you gotta stop this, I working on commission here.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey, guys. I’m here to pick out my Christmas tree.

**Phoebe:** Well look no further, *(shows her the dead one)* this one’s yours! Ahhh.

**Monica:** Is this the one that I threw out last year?

**Phoebe:** All right y'know what, [[Friends-词汇总表#nevermind\|nevermind]]! Everyone wants to have a green one! I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to get so [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]], I guess it’s just the holidays, it’s hard.

**Monica:** Oh honey, is that ‘cause your Mom died around Christmas?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I wasn’t even thinking about that.

**Monica:** Oh. *(turns and looks at Joey, who gives a ‘way-to-go’ thumbs up and smile.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Brown Bird meeting, Ross is there with the other Brown Birds to see who won the contest.

**Ross:** *(to the girl sitting next to him)* Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?

**Girl:** I’m not gonna tell you! You’re the bad man who broke Sarah’s [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]].

**Ross:** Hey now! That was an [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]], okay.

**Girl:** You’re a big scrud.

**Ross:** What’s a scrud?

**Girl:** Why don’t you look in the [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]], scrud.

**Ross:** I don’t have too. I can just look at you.

**Leader:** All right girls, and man. Let’s see your final [[Friends-词汇总表#tally\|tallies]]. *(all the girls raise their hands)* Ohhhh, Debbie, *(looks at her form)* 321 boxes of [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]], *(to Debbie)* Very nice.

**Ross:** *(to himself)* Not nice enough.

**Leader:** Charla, 278. Sorry, [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]], but still good.

**Ross:** *(to himself)* Good for a scrud.

**Leader:** Oh, yes Elizabeth. Ah, 871.

**Ross:** That’s [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]!! Sister Brown Bird. *(to Elizabeth)* Good going. *(does the salute)*

**Leader:** Who’s next? *(goes over and stands behind Ross, who’s feverishly writing on his form, and clears her throat to get his attention.)*

**Ross:** Hi there!

**Leader:** Hi. And [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|batting]] for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]] yourself.

**Ross:** Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Phoebe, and Ross are there.

**Chandler:** Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.

**Ross:** Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]] to her [[Friends-词汇总表#nineteen\|nineteen]] year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.

**Chandler:** *(to Rachel, who’s entering)* Hey! How’d the interview go?

**Rachel:** Oh, I blew it. I wouldn’t of even hired me.

**Ross:** Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you’re gonna go on like a [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] interviews before you get a job. *(she glares at him)* That’s not how that was supposed to come out.

**Phoebe:** This is the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] Christmas ever.

**Chandler:** Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.

**Rachel:** I can’t! It’s too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. *(points to her)* Look at her, she’s even got [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] experience. Last night she was [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaching]] everybody how to make [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]].... *(starts to cry)* [[Friends-词汇总表#swan\|swans]].

**Ross:** That word was [[Friends-词汇总表#swan\|swans]].


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway between the two apartments, Chandler, Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel are coming up the stairs.

**Chandler:** Well seeing that drunk Santa [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] himself, really [[Friends-词汇总表#perk\|perked]] up my Christmas.

*(They start to go into Monica and Rachel’s, their apartment is filled with all of the old Christmas trees from Joey’s work.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh! Oh my God! Joey and Monica: *(jumping up from behind the couch)* Merry Christmas!!

**Phoebe:** You saved them! You guys! Oh God, you’re the best!

**Chandler:** It’s like ‘Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.’

*(phone rings)*

**Rachel:** *(answering the phone)* Hello? *(listens)* Yeah, this is she. *(listens)* Oh! You’re kidding! You’re kidding! *(listens)* Oh thank you! I love you!

**Chandler:** Sure, everybody loves a [[Friends-词汇总表#kidder\|kidder]].

**Rachel:** *(hanging up the phone)* I got the job!

**All:** That’s great! Hey! Excellent!

**Phoebe:** Oh, God [[Friends-词汇总表#bless\|bless]] us, everyone.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is serving her last cup of coffee.

**Rachel:** Here we go. I’m serving my last cup of coffee. *(the gang starts humming the graduation theme)* There you go. *(hands it to Chandler)* Enjoy. *(they all cheer)*

**Chandler:** *(to Ross)* Should I tell her I ordered [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]]?

**Ross:** No.

**Rachel:** Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it’s just time to move on. *(at the counter Gunther starts to cry and runs into the back room)* Ah, and no [[Friends-词汇总表#offence\|offence]] to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s new job, Rachel’s boss is telling her what to do.] Rachel’s Boss: Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, ‘cause this part’s tricky, see some people use filters just once.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway between the apartments, Ross is bringing Sarah to Joey and Chandler’s.

**Ross:** I’m, I’m sorry you didn’t get to go to Spacecamp, and I’m hoping that maybe [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]], this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle’s Private Very Special Spacecamp!! *(opens the door and Chandler and Joey jump up, their apartment is decorated like outer space, one of the leather chairs is covered in tinfoil.)*

**Sarah:** Really Mr. Geller, you don’t have to do this.

**Ross:** Oh come on! Here we go! *(picks her up and puts her in the chair)* Stand by for mission [[Friends-词汇总表#countdown\|countdown]]!

**Joey:** *(simulating an echo)* Ten, ten.., [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]], nine, nine...., eight, eight, eight... *(Chandler hits him in the back of the head)* Okay, Blast off!

*(They start shaking the chair likes it’s flying into outer space. Ross picks up a soccer ball and starts spinning it in his hand and runs around the chair beeping like a satellite. Chandler also starts running around the chair and saying...)*

**Chandler:** I’m an [[Friends-词汇总表#alien\|alien]]. I’m an alien.

**Ross:** Oh no! An [[Friends-词汇总表#asteroid\|asteroid]]! *(throws the soccer ball off the back of Joey’s head.)*

*(The camera zooms in on Sarah and she has a big smile on her face.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 7 | 296 | 85 | *So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 3 | 76 | 53 | *The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 3 | 182 | 101 | *I’m training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 2 | 118 | 88 | *Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night.  Where exactly were around ten-ish* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *All right, I’ll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that’s it. I-I started gaining wei* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *Look Rach, wasn’t this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 95 | 64 | *Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I’m a terrible waitress?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 2 | 181 | 87 | *That’s crap!! Sister Brown Bird.  Good going.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 2 | 376 | 86 | *Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cook* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Hello?  Yeah, this is she.  Oh! You’re kidding! You’re kidding!  Oh thank you! I love you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitres* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Have fun. Oh wait, no, don’t! I forgot I am totally against that now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Have fun. Oh wait, no, don’t! I forgot I am totally against that now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesqu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesqu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *...and after you’ve delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I’m not invited to sleep-overs.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *So, what happens to the old guys?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *I’m training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Because, I’m too afraid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Yeah, that’d be much worse than being 28, and still working here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *I don’t know, I don’t know, weren’t you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely no* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it’s a little more money, but you get a nicer smel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Okay but that’s why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it’s Christmas destiny, otherwise there gon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Well look no further,  this one’s yours! Ahhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Oh honey, is that ‘cause your Mom died around Christmas?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Oh, I blew it. I wouldn’t of even hired me.* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 7 | 52 | 24 | *So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]] | /fiә/ | n. 恐怖, 害怕, 担心 | n. an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usual | 7 | 29 | 14 | *If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you’ve got nothing pushing you to get another one. You n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 5 | 35 | 21 | *Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitres* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 5 | 54 | 35 | *Hi, I’m selling Brown Bird cookies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 4 | 80 | 46 | *He’s right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]] | /pɒt/ | n. 盆, 罐, 壶, 坩埚, 奖杯 | n. metal or earthenware cooking vessel that is usually round and deep; often has | 3 | 21 | 13 | *Remind me to review with you which pot is decaf and which is regular.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 3 | 32 | 24 | *Ten, ten.., nine, nine, nine...., eight, eight, eight...  Okay, Blast off!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 2 | 58 | 39 | *You broke a little girl’s leg?!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 2 | 29 | 21 | *...and after you’ve delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]] | /ri'zju:m/ | vt. 重新开始, 取回, 恢复 | v. take up or begin anew | 2 | 12 | 10 | *How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] | /'kuki/ | n. 饼干, 小甜点 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) | 2 | 29 | 15 | *Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitres* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the training again, whenever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *I know. I feel horrible. Okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] | /dɒl/ | n. 洋娃娃, 无头脑的美丽女人 | n. a small replica of a person; used as a toy | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Maybe a Hello Kitty doll, the ability to walk...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Well, I’m pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|deliver]] | /di'livә/ | vt. 递送, 陈述, 释放, 发表, 引渡, 投递, 交付 | v. deliver (a speech, oration, or idea) | 1 | 14 | 12 | *...and after you’ve delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Huh. Well, y'know that’s actually a really good idea, because that way they’ll be closer to the mugs* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *It’s all right. Sweetheart.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] | /ni:t/ | a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的 | s. clean or organized | 1 | 15 | 13 | *So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] | /ә'fɒ:d/ | vt. 买得起, 足以, 给予 | v. be able to spare or give up | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 29 | 21 | *No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he’s gonna double the college money my Gr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] | /baik/ | n. 自行车, 脚踏车 | n a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame | 1 | 37 | 14 | *A ten speed bike. But, I’d rather have something my Dad couldn’t sell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Could you do me one favor, if it’s not too much trouble?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Could you do me one favor, if it’s not too much trouble?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]] | /hә:z/ | pron. 她的 | pron. See the Note under Her, pron. | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 1 | 21 | 14 | *I can dial 9-1-1 at the touch of a button, y'know. Now, go away!* |
| nooooo |  | [网络] 是我自作多情；天哪；脑无 |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Why, do I have a feeling that’s not as happy as it sounds?  No! Nooooo!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shape]] | /ʃeip/ | n. 形状, 形态, 外形, 形式, 身材 | n. any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) | 1 | 18 | 17 | *...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 1 | 21 | 16 | *...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 1 | 32 | 22 | *All right, I’ll take a box of the cream filled Jesus’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trap\|trap]] | /træp/ | n. 圈套, 陷阱, 诡计, 存水弯 | n. a device in which something (usually an animal) can be caught and penned | 1 | 13 | 10 | *And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don’t just trap spiders under coffee mugs * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I’m training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Remind me to review with you which pot is decaf and which is regular.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 1 | 28 | 23 | *They already do. That’s why they call it the ‘tray spot.’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *I spelled out boobies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] | /nek/ | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈 | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]] | /'midnait/ | n. 午夜, 子夜, 半夜 | n. 12 o'clock at night; the middle of the night | 1 | 16 | 10 | *Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the planetar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Sweetie, calm down, it’s gonna be okay.* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 1 | 42 | 29 | *Oh my God! Yes, I would love that, oh, that is soo sweet, Joey.* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Well look no further,  this one’s yours! Ahhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] | /i'mәuʃәnәl/ | a. 情绪的, 情感的 | a. determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason | 1 | 15 | 13 | *All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] | /'æksidәnt/ | n. 意外事件, 机遇, 事故, 次要方面 | n. an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Hey now! That was an accident, okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Why don’t you look in the mirror, scrud.* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *All right girls, and man. Let’s see your final tallies.  Ohhhh, Debbie,  321 boxes of cookies,  Very* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Charla, 278. Sorry, dear, but still good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *That’s crap!! Sister Brown Bird.  Good going.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] | /bæt/ | n. 蝙蝠, 球棒 | n. nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings a | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cook* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cook* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 1 | 34 | 19 | *Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you’re gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *This is the worst Christmas ever.* |

### 低频词（90）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sarah\|sarah]] | /'sєәrә/ | n. 萨拉(<<圣经>>故事人物) | n. (Old Testament) the wife of Abraham and mother of Isaac | 4 | 14 | 6 | *Yeah, Sarah, anything.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mint\|mint]] | /mint/ | n. 薄荷, 造币厂, 巨额 | n. any north temperate plant of the genus Mentha with aromatic leaves and small  | 4 | 11 | 7 | *All right, I’ll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that’s it. I-I started gaining wei* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treasure\|treasure]] | /'treʒә/ | n. 宝物, 财富 | n. accumulated wealth in the form of money or jewels etc. | 4 | 7 | 3 | *All right, I’ll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that’s it. I-I started gaining wei* |
| scrud |  | [网络] 。。。 |  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *You’re a big scrud.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backhand\|backhand]] | /'bæk'hænd/ | n. 手背拍, 反手抽击, 左斜手写体 | n. a return made with the back of the hand facing the direction of the stroke | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] | /trei/ | n. 托盘, 公文盘, 满盘, 发射箱 | n. an open receptacle for holding or displaying or serving articles or food | 3 | 17 | 9 | *...and after you’ve delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#destiny\|destiny]] | /'destini/ | n. 命运, 定数 | n. an event (or a course of events) that will inevitably happen in the future | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Destiny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chipper\|chipper]] | /'tʃipә/ | a. 爽朗的, 活泼的, 爽快的 | s. having a cheerful, lively, and self-confident air | 3 | 5 | 2 | *Well, they go into the chipper.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terry\|terry]] | /'teri/ | n. 毛圈, 毛圈织物 | n. English actress (1847-1928) | 2 | 13 | 5 | *Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the training again, whenever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shriek\|shriek]] | /ʃri:k/ | n. 尖锐的响声 | v. utter a shrill cry | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfil\|fulfil]] | /ful'fil/ | vt. 实践, 履行, 实行, 完成, 结束, 满足 | v put in effect | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Well, I’m pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mug]] | /mʌg/ | n. 有柄大杯, 脸, 苦读者 | n. the quantity that can be held in a mug | 2 | 14 | 7 | *Huh. Well, y'know that’s actually a really good idea, because that way they’ll be closer to the mugs* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shuttle\|shuttle]] | /'ʃʌtl/ | n. 穿梭, 梭子, 往返移动之物 | n. public transport that consists of a bus or train or airplane that plies back  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and * |
| rudolph | /'ru:dɔlf/ | n. 鲁道夫（男子名） |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] | /'kәukәnәt/ | n. 椰子 | n. the edible white meat of a coconut; often shredded for use in e.g. cakes and  | 2 | 8 | 5 | *Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pursue\|pursue]] | /pә'sju:/ | vt. 追赶, 追踪, 追随, 追求, 实行, 继续, 从事 | v. follow in or as if in pursuit | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Well, yeah! I’m still pursuing that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decaf\|decaf]] | /'di:kæf/ | n. 脱咖啡因咖啡, 无咖啡因咖啡 | n coffee with the caffeine removed | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Remind me to review with you which pot is decaf and which is regular.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swan\|swan]] | /swɒn/ | n. 天鹅, 天鹅星座, 有才华的诗人 | n. stately heavy-bodied aquatic bird with very long neck and usually white pluma | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I can’t! It’s too late! Terry already hired that girl over there.  Look at her, she’s even got waitr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alien\|alien]] | /'eiljәn/ | n. 外国人, 外侨 | v. transfer property or ownership | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I’m an alien. I’m an alien.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snoopy\|snoopy]] | /'snu:pi/ | a. 爱窥探的, 爱管闲事的 | n. a fictional beagle in a comic strip drawn by Charles Schulz | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macaroon\|macaroon]] | /.mækә'ru:n/ | n. 蛋白杏仁饼干 | n. chewy cookie usually containing almond paste | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So that’s two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] | /bi'hɑ:f/ | n. 利益, 方面 | n. as the agent of or on someone's part (usually expressed as "on behalf of" rat | 1 | 10 | 8 | *So that’s two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salute\|salute]] | /sә'lu:t/ | vi. 行礼, 致意, 问候, 放礼炮 | n. an act of honor or courteous recognition | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So that’s two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shield\|shield]] | /'ʃi:ld/ | n. 盾, 防卫物, 保护者, 屏蔽 | n. a protective covering or structure | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#execute\|execute]] | /'eksikju:t/ | vt. 执行, 实行, 完成, 处死, 制成 | v. kill as a means of socially sanctioned punishment | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right here. Watch me execute the three ‘P’s of championship play. Power.  Precision.  and penach* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#championship\|championship]] | /'tʃæmpiәnʃip/ | n. 冠军身份, 冠军称号, 捍卫 | n. the status of being a champion | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right here. Watch me execute the three ‘P’s of championship play. Power.  Precision.  and penach* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#precision\|precision]] | /pri'siʒәn/ | n. 精密, 精确, 精确度, 精度 | n the quality of being reproducible in amount or performance | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right here. Watch me execute the three ‘P’s of championship play. Power.  Precision.  and penach* |
| penache |  | [网络] 佩纳什 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right here. Watch me execute the three ‘P’s of championship play. Power.  Precision.  and penach* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muppet\|muppet]] | /'mʌpit/ | n. 提线木偶 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night.  Where exactly were around ten-ish* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whack\|whack]] | /hwæk/ | vt. 猛击, 重打, 削减 | n. the sound made by a sharp swift blow | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night.  Where exactly were around ten-ish* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seasame\|seasame]] |  | 胡麻，〔黑〕芝麻 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night.  Where exactly were around ten-ish* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kitty\|kitty]] | /'kiti/ | n. 小猫, 全部赌注 | n. informal terms referring to a domestic cat | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Maybe a Hello Kitty doll, the ability to walk...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#retrain\|retrain]] | /ri:'trein/ | vt. 重新训练, 再训练 | v. teach new skills | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m gonna get back to retraining.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#innocent\|innocent]] | /'inәsәnt/ | a. 无罪的, 不懂事的, 无知的 | n. a person who lacks knowledge of evil | 1 | 6 | 5 | *No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesqu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#corps\|corps]] | /kɒ:/ | n. 军, 队, 部队, 兵种 | n. an army unit usually consisting of two or more divisions and their support | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesqu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grotesquely\|grotesquely]] | /ɡrəʊ'tesklɪ/ | adv. 奇异地, 荒诞地 | r. in a grotesque manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesqu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tinsel\|tinsel]] | /'tinsl/ | n. 金属丝, 金属箔, 俗丽的东西 | n. a showy decoration that is basically valueless | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesqu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twinkly\|twinkly]] | /'twɪŋklɪ/ | a. 闪耀的, 耀眼的, 闪闪发光的 | s smiling with happiness or optimism | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesqu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lug\|lug]] | /lʌg/ | v. 拖, 拉 | n. ancient Celtic god | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I’m pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daydream\|daydream]] | /'deidri:m/ | n. 白日梦 | v. have dreamlike musings or fantasies while awake | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outer\|outer]] | /'autә/ | a. 外部的, 外面的, 在外的, 远离中心的 | a. being on the outside or further from a center | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taj\|taj]] | /tɑ:dʒ/ | (伊斯兰教徒的)圆锥形高帽, (印度Agra的)泰姬陵 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mahal\|mahal]] | /'mæhæl/ | n. 马哈尔（姓氏）；宫殿 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#atlantic\|atlantic]] | /әt'læntik/ | n. 大西洋 | n. the 2nd largest ocean; separates North and South America on the west from Eur | 1 | 14 | 7 | *No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he’s gonna double the college money my Gr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slot\|slot]] | /slɒt/ | n. 水沟, 细长孔, 硬币投币口, 缝, 狭槽, 狭通道, 位置, 一档(广播节目等) | n. a position in a grammatical linguistic construction in which a variety of alt | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he’s gonna double the college money my Gr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prize\|prize]] | /praiz/ | n. 奖赏, 奖金, 奖品, 战利品, 捕获 | n. something given for victory or superiority in a contest or competition or for | 1 | 13 | 6 | *And what is second prize?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curtain\|curtain]] | /'kә:tәn/ | n. 帐, 幕, 窗帘 | n. hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window) | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#astronaut\|astronaut]] | /'æstrәnɒ:t/ | n. 太空旅行者, 宇航员 | n. a person trained to travel in a spacecraft | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alley\|alley]] | /'æli/ | n. 小路, 巷 | n. a narrow street with walls on both sides | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peephole\|peephole]] | /'pi:phәul/ | n. 窥视孔 | n. a hole (in a door or an oven etc) through which you can peep | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You’re no Brown Bird, I can see you through my peephole.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honorary\|honorary]] | /'ɒnәrәri/ | a. 荣誉的, 无报酬的, 道义上的 | s. given as an honor without the normal duties | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, hi, I’m, I’m an honorary Brown Bird* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#policeman\|policeman]] | /pә'li:smәn/ | n. 警察 | n. a member of a police force | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I’m pressing, a policeman is on his way.* |
| duh | /du:/ | int. [表示犹豫、不快或轻蔑等]咄 |  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a littl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judgmental\|judgmental]] | /dʒʌdʒ'mentl/ | a. 审判的 | a. depending on judgment | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a littl* |
| yikes | /jaiks/ | int. <口>[表示惊讶]呀! |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay.  Yikes! That one doesn’t look very fulfilled.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ageist\|ageist]] |  | 年龄歧视者 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flavour\|flavour]] | /'fleivә/ | n. 味, 调味香料, 滋味, 香味, 气味, 风味, 情味, 情趣, 风韵 | n the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on p | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deity\|deity]] | /'di:iti/ | n. 神, 神性 | n. any supernatural being worshipped as controlling some part of the world or so | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hanukkah\|hanukkah]] | /'hɑ:nәkә/ | n. 光明节（犹太教节日, 等于Chanukah） | n. (Judaism) an eight-day Jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the T | 1 | 20 | 5 | *No, but ah, there’s coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I’ll put you down for eight * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]] | /'spaidә/ | n. 蜘蛛, 设圈套者 | n. predatory arachnid with eight legs, two poison fangs, two feelers, and usuall | 1 | 12 | 8 | *And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don’t just trap spiders under coffee mugs * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#temporary\|temporary]] | /'tempәrәri/ | a. 暂时的, 临时的 | n a worker (especially in an office) hired on a temporary basis | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Look Rach, wasn’t this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#motivation\|motivation]] | /.mәuti'veiʃәn/ | n. 动机, 刺激, 推动 | n. the psychological feature that arouses an organism to action toward a desired | 1 | 1 | 1 | *He’s right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#designer\|designer]] | /di'zainә/ | n. 设计者, 谋划者, 制图者 | n. a person who devises plots or intrigues | 1 | 7 | 5 | *I don’t know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#booby\|booby]] | /'bu:bi/ | n. 呆子, 傻瓜 | n. small tropical gannet having a bright bill or bright feet or both | 1 | 8 | 3 | *I spelled out boobies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seventeen\|seventeen]] | /sevn'ti:n/ | num. 十七, 十七个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of sixteen and one | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Check this out. Five hundred and seventeen boxes!* |
| floyd | /flɒid/ | n. 弗洛伊德 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the planetar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#planetarium\|planetarium]] | /.plæni'tєәriәm/ | n. 行星仪, 天文馆, 天象图 | n. a building housing an instrument for projecting the positions of the planets  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the planetar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occur\|occur]] | /ә'kә:/ | vi. 发生, 被想到, 存在 | v. come to one's mind; suggest itself | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the planetar* |
| nyu |  | abbr. 纽约大学（New York University） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the planetar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dorm\|dorm]] | /dɒ:m/ | n. 宿舍 | n a college or university building containing living quarters for students | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the planetar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#envelope\|envelope]] | /'envәlәup/ | n. 信封, 封套, 封袋 | n. a flat (usually rectangular) container for a letter, thin package, etc. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay, stop what you’re doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stuffer\|stuffer]] | /'stʌfә/ | n. 填塞工人, (非正式)贩卖假货的人 | n. an advertising circular that is enclosed with other material and (usually) se | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, stop what you’re doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamp]] | /stæmp/ | n. 印, 邮票, 打印器, 戳子, 图章, 印花税票, 标志, 特征, 类型, 跺脚 | n. a type or class | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Okay, stop what you’re doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....* |
| lickers |  | [网络] 舔食者；利卡；扑动鴷 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, stop what you’re doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#font\|font]] | /fɒnt/ | n. 字体, 字形, 洗礼盘, 泉 | n. a specific size and style of type within a type family | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well you sure used a large font.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squad\|squad]] | /skwɒd/ | n. 班, 小队, 小集团 | n. a smallest army unit | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.* |
| fortunata |  | [网络] 佛尔图娜塔；凶狼蛛；福尔图娜塔 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What? Rachel, listen, have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plumb\|plumb]] | /plʌm/ | n. 铅锤, 垂直 | v. measure the depth of something | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorate]] | /'dekәreit/ | v. 装饰 | v. make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc. | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Only if you think it’s better than this...  snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to de* |
| lookie |  | [网络] 谈桢臻 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Only if you think it’s better than this...  snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to de* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#douglas\|douglas]] | /'dʌ^lәs/ | n. 道格拉斯（男子名）；道格拉斯（英国马恩岛首府） | n. United States politician who proposed that individual territories be allowed  | 1 | 14 | 4 | *Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it’s a little more money, but you get a nicer smel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fir\|fir]] | /fә:/ | n. 枞树, 杉木 | n. nonresinous wood of a fir tree | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it’s a little more money, but you get a nicer smel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nicer\|nicer]] |  | a. 良好的 | a pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it’s a little more money, but you get a nicer smel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nevermind\|nevermind]] | /'nevә'maind/ | 注意, 留意, 理会 |  | 1 | 9 | 8 | *All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tally\|tally]] | /'tæli/ | n. 符木, 记账, 得分, 比分, 计数器, 标签, 符合, 对应物 | v. keep score, as in games | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right girls, and man. Let’s see your final tallies.  Ohhhh, Debbie,  321 boxes of cookies,  Very* |
| debbie | /'debi/ | n. 黛比（女子名, 等于Debby） |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *All right girls, and man. Let’s see your final tallies.  Ohhhh, Debbie,  321 boxes of cookies,  Very* |
| charla |  | n. 【女名】女子名 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Charla, 278. Sorry, dear, but still good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]] | /'ju:nifɒ:m/ | n. 制服 | n. clothing of distinctive design worn by members of a particular group as a mea | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nineteen\|nineteen]] | /.nain'ti:n/ | num. 十九, 十九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eighteen and one | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nimitz\|nimitz]] |  | 尼米兹（人名） | n. United States admiral of the Pacific fleet during World War II who used aircr | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to * |
