---
season: 3
episode: "11"
title: "The One Where Chandler Can't Remember Which Sister"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E11 — The One Where Chandler Can't Remember Which Sister

*Written by: Alexa Junge*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Phoebe, Ross, Joey, and Rachel are there, Joey is demonstrating a card trick.

**Joey:** Okay, pick a card, any card. *(Monica picks one)* All right, now [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorize]] it. Show to everybody. Got it?

**Monica:** Um-mm.

**Joey:** All right, give it back to me. *(takes the card back, but he looks at the card before he puts it back in the deck, he holds the deck to his forehead, and thinks a little while)* 5 of hearts.

*(Monica is sarcastically amazed.)*

**Ross:** Real magic does [[Friends-词汇总表#exist\|exist]].

**Rachel:** Wow.

**Monica:** Wow. Joey, *(sarcastically)* how do you do it?

**Joey:** I can’t tell you that, no.

*(We hear some knocking coming from the ceiling.)*

**Ross:** Ah, somebody’s at the door on the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceiling\|ceiling]].

**Rachel:** Noo, that’s our [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievably\|unbelievably]] [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]].

**Monica:** He took up the [[Friends-词汇总表#carpet\|carpet]], and now you can hear everything.

**Phoebe:** Why don’t you go up there and ask him to ‘step [[Friends-词汇总表#lightly\|lightly]], please?’

**Monica:** I have like five times, but the guy is so [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charming]], that I go up there to [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] and then I end up [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologizing]] to him.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, that is [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]]. *(gets up)* I’ll go up there, I’ll tell him to keep it down.

**Monica:** All right, be my guest.

**Rachel:** Good luck.

*(Phoebe exits)*

**Joey:** All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I’ll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn’t see was, I looked at it so fast that it was [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] to the naked eye. *(picks up a card and quickly looks at it)* I just did it. *(does it again)* I just did it, again. Here, I’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] it down so that you guys can see it. *(looks and the card in slow motion)*

**All:** Oh, I got it.

*(We hear Phoebe knock at the door upstairs, and the guy answer it.)*

**Phoebe:** *(muffled through the floor)* Yeah, look I was with my friend [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]]... *(I tired but the rest is unintelligible)*.

**Guy:** *(muffled)* Whoa, you are very beautiful.

**Phoebe:** *(muffled)* Oh, thank you.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey, anybody got a length of [[Friends-词汇总表#rope\|rope]] about six feet long with a little [[Friends-词汇总表#nouse\|nouse]] at the end?

**Monica:** Honey, what’s the matter?

**Chandler:** I just saw Janice.

**All:** Oh.

**Chandler:** Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center [[Friends-词汇总表#skate\|skating]] with her [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]], she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whipping]] that kid’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pretzel\|pretzel]] at them.

**Joey:** Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.

**Chandler:** Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]].

**Joey:** Sorry, I just, any excuse to tell that story y'know....

**Ross:** Hey Chandler, there’s a party tomorrow, you’ll feel better then.

**Chandler:** Oh, y'know what, I’m gonna be okay, you don’t have to throw a party for me.

**Monica:** It’s Joey’s [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]].

**Chandler:** Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him.

*(We hear Phoebe’s muffled voice through the ceiling.)*

**Monica:** Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.

*(We hear the guy telling a joke, and Phoebe laughing.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, well he totally [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]] up the [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] line. Y'know, it’s supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.


> [!scene] Scene: Fortunata Fashions, Rachel’s new job.] Mr. Kaplan: (entering) How’s that coffee comin,’ dear?

**Rachel:** *(jumping up from reading her magazine)* Yeah, right away Mr. Kaplan. Mr. Kaplan: I’m not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me [[Friends-词汇总表#gassy\|gassy]].

**Rachel:** I know! Mr. Kaplan: I’ll bet your thinking, ‘What’s an [[Friends-词汇总表#intelligent\|intelligent]] girl who wants to be in fashion, doing making coffee?’ Eh?

**Rachel:** Op. Mr. Kaplan: Eh.

**Rachel:** Oh, you got me. Mr. Kaplan: Well, don’t think I haven’t noticed your potential. Well, I’ve got a project for you that’s a lot more related to fashion. How does that sound?

**Rachel:** Oh, that sounds great. Mr. Kaplan: Come on over here, [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]]. *(they walk over to a storage closet)*

**Rachel:** Oh thank you so much Mr. Kaplan, thank you so much. Mr. Kaplan: *(opening the closet door revealing that it’s full of tangled up hangers.)* I need these [[Friends-词汇总表#hanger\|hangers]] separated ASAP. *(she is stunned)* You’re welcome.


> [!scene] Scene: The Moondance Diner, Rachel is talking to Monica about her job.

**Rachel:** Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.

**Monica:** I know honey, I’m sorry.

**Rachel:** Oh, I wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]], but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a [[Friends-词汇总表#demean\|demeaning]] job, just because it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#remotely\|remotely]] related to the field they’re interested in.

**Monica:** *(gives her a look)* Gee, I don’t know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]], a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!

**Rachel:** Oh honey, come on, I’m sorry, I didn’t.... I don’t mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the [[Friends-词汇总表#arthritic\|arthritic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#seamstress\|seamstress]], to the bathroom.

*(A guy at the end of the table starts laughing.)*

**Rachel:** *(to him)* Hi! Is my [[Friends-词汇总表#misery\|misery]] [[Friends-词汇总表#amuse\|amusing]] to you?

**Guy:** I’m sorry, I wa, I wa, I was just ah.... *(starts to laugh again)*

**Rachel:** It’s not funny, this is actually my job.

**Guy:** Oh believe me, I-I-I’ve been there. I had to sort [[Friends-词汇总表#mannequin\|mannequin]] heads at that Mannequins Plus.

**Rachel:** Oh well then, so I’m just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjoying your little [[Friends-词汇总表#hamburger\|hamburger]].

**Guy:** Ah, just one other thing.

**Rachel:** Yes?!

**Guy:** I ah, I work at Bloomingdale’s and I might know of a job [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] if your, if your interested?

**Rachel:** *(looks at Monica)* *(to him)* Do you want my [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickle]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, it’s Joey’s party.

**Gunther:** *(to Monica and Phoebe)* Hey guys.

**Monica:** Hey Gunther. Hi. *(to Phoebe)* I mean you’re going out on a date with the [[Friends-词汇总表#noisy\|noisy]] guy [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]]?

**Phoebe:** Well, he’s very [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charming]].

**Monica:** I know, he’s too [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charming]], but if you two start going out, then it’s just gonna make it so much [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] for me to hate him.

**Phoebe:** Well, you’re just gonna have to try.

**Monica:** Joey, where are the Jell-o shots?

**Joey:** I don’t know, Chandler is supposed to be [[Friends-词汇总表#passin\|passin]]’ ‘em around...

*(Camera cuts to show Chandler giving a Jello shot to the ceramic dog and holding an empty tray of Jello shots.)*

**Joey:** Chandler!

**Chandler:** Hello-dillillio!!

**Ross:** Oh, somebody’s [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] better.

**Monica:** *(to Chandler)* Stick out your [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]].

**Chandler:** *(to Monica)* Take off your shirt!

*(Chandler sticks out is tongue and it’s a horrible shade of green.)*

**Monica:** Oh my!!

**Joey:** Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vodka\|vodka]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, Jell-o just like Mom used to make.

**Rachel:** *(entering, to Ross)* The most [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] thing happened to me today.

**Ross:** Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi! So I’m out having [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] at Monica’s and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale’s and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he’s gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!

**Ross:** Wow!

**Rachel:** I know!

**Ross:** What, so this guy is helping you for no [[Friends-词汇总表#apparent\|apparent]] reason?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh!

**Ross:** And he’s, he’s a total [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]]?

**Rachel:** Yeah! His name is um, Mark something.

**Ross:** Huh. Sounds like Mark Something wants to have some sex.

**Rachel:** What!?

**Ross:** Well, I’m just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, [[Friends-词汇总表#swoop\|swoop]] in out of [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] for no reason.

**Rachel:** To be nice.

**Ross:** Hey, Joey. Are men ever nice to [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] women for no reason?

**Joey:** No, only for sex.

**Ross:** Thank you. *(to Rachel)* So did you ah, did you tell Mark Something about me?

**Rachel:** I didn’t have to, because I was wearing my ‘I heart Ross’ [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] board and ringing my [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]].

**Ross:** Uh-huh. Joey’s Sisters: *(entering)* Joey!!! Happy Birthday!! *(all 7 of them look almost identical)*

**Joey:** Hey!! Hey-hey-hey!

**Chandler:** *(to Monica)* Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing?

**Monica:** How [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammered]] are you? Huh? These, these are Joey’s sisters.

**Chandler:** Hi Joey’s sisters!

**Phoebe:** *(to one of his sisters, Cookie)* Hey!

**Cookie:** Hey. What are we drinkin’ over here.

**Phoebe:** Well, I have ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#vodka\|vodka]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#cranberry\|cranberry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]].

**Cookie:** No kiddin,’ that’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] same drink I made myself right after I [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]].

**Phoebe:** Wow. Okay, I don’t know how to talk to you.

*(Cut to Chandler) Sister 1: (to Chandler) What ‘cha doing?*

**Chandler:** Oh, I’m taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed [[Friends-词汇总表#dialer\|dialer]]. Joey’s Sisters: Oh!!

**Chandler:** No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] so [[Friends-词汇总表#speedily\|speedily]] anyway? Why must we [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] through life? Why can’t we [[Friends-词汇总表#savor\|savor]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]] moments? *(to one of Joey’s sisters)* Those are some huge breasts you have.

*(Cut to Ross and Monica)*

**Ross:** Hi.

**Monica:** Hi.

**Ross:** Yeah. So um, I-I heard about this ah, Mark guy that ah, Rachel met today.

**Monica:** Isn’t that great?

**Ross:** Oh yeah! So ah, kinda pretty, pretty good. He sounds like a nice, good guy.

**Monica:** Oh, he is. And he is so [[Friends-词汇总表#dreamy\|dreamy]]. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]], ‘Hummina-hummina-hummina.’ *(walks away)*

**Ross:** That’s excellent.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel are eating breakfast.

**Ross:** *(to Rachel)* So, he’s just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn’t want anything in exchange for helping him?

**Rachel:** Well, I [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] I’ll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that’s true of any job.

*(Chandler enters hungover and groaning)*

**Monica:** How ya feelin’?

**Chandler:** Well, my apartment isn’t there anymore, because I drank it.

**Phoebe:** Where’d you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.

**All:** Woooo hoooo!!!

**Chandler:** Ow, no ‘woo-hooing,’ no ‘woo-hooing.’

**Phoebe:** Why, what happened?

**Chandler:** Ah, I [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fooled]] around with Joey’s sister. *(Phoebe gasps)* Well, that’s not the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] part.

**Monica:** What is the worse part?

**Chandler:** I can’t remember which sister.

**Ross:** *(to Rachel)* You see what men do! Don’t tell me men are not nice!

*(points to Chandler) This is men!!*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.

**Monica:** Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he’s actually going to kill you dead.

**Chandler:** Okay! You don’t think I thought of that?

**Phoebe:** How can you not know which one?

**Rachel:** I mean that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]].

**Monica:** I mean, was it Gina?

**Ross:** Which one is Gina?

**Rachel:** Dark, big hair, with the [[Friends-词汇总表#airplane\|airplane]] [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]].

**Monica:** No, no, no, that’s Dina.

**Chandler:** *(to Monica)* You see you can’t tell which one is which either, dwha!!

**Phoebe:** We didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] around with any of them. Dwha! Dwha!

**Chandler:** Veronica. Look, it’s got to be Veronica, the girl in the red [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]]. I definitely stuck my [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] down her [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]].

**Monica:** That was me.

**Chandler:** Look, when I’ve been drinking, sometimes I [[Friends-词汇总表#tend\|tend]] to get [[Friends-词汇总表#overly\|overly]] friendly, and I’m sorry.

**Monica:** That’s okay.

**Rachel:** That’s all right.

**Ross:** That’s okay.

**Joey:** *(angrily entering, to Chandler)* Can I talk to you for a second?!

**Ross:** Hey, Joey.

**Rachel:** Hey. *(they all walk away from Chandler)*

**Joey:** Come on!! *(motions for Chandler to come with him)*

**Chandler:** Why can’t we talk in here? With, with, [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witnesses]].

**Joey:** I just got off the phone with my sister.

**Ross:** Ah, which, which one?

**Joey:** Mary-Angela.

**Ross:** Mary-Angela.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Y'know which one was she again?

**Joey:** Why don’t you ask Chandler, ‘cause he’s the one that [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fooled]] around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]]’ over Janice by [[Friends-词汇总表#grope\|groping]] my sister.

**Chandler:** It’s gotta be the first one.

**Joey:** Really? That’s great! You and my sister, sittin’ in a tree.

**Chandler:** Yep, I’m in a tree.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is writing letters as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Did he call? Did Mark call?

**Monica:** No honey, I’m sorry, but the weekend’s not over yet.

**Rachel:** Oh. *(we hear laughing from the upstairs apartment)* Oh my God, is that Phoebe?

**Monica:** I guess they’re back from their date.

*(He starts to play music.)*

**Rachel:** Music. Very nice.

*(We hear them start making out upstairs.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God!

**Rachel:** So, how are you?

**Monica:** I am good. I finished my book.

*(Things start to get really hot upstairs.)*

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, what’s it about?

**Monica:** I don’t remember. Do you wanna take a walk?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I do. *(they both run out)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross is reading a letter that Chandler wrote.

**Ross:** Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How’s it going. This is the [[Friends-词汇总表#hardest\|hardest]] letter I’ve ever had to write. *(to Chandler)* What the hell’s a matter with you? How do you think Joey’s going to [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]] when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?

**Chandler:** Well, that’s the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I’ll be in Cuba.

**Ross:** All right, look, look, you’ve got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.

**Chandler:** What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?

**Ross:** Where in Cuba?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey’s sister’s house, Chandler hits himself on the head three times and knocks on the door three times. Joey answers it.

**Chandler:** *(shocked)* Joey, what-wh-wh-[[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]]-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?

**Joey:** Waiting for my Grandma to finish my [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]]. What about you?

**Chandler:** I’m here to see Mary-Angela.

**Joey:** You are so the man! *(motions him to come in, and he does)* Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know about you two yet, and you do not want to [[Friends-词汇总表#tick\|tick]] her off. She was like the [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] person to [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.

**Chandler:** Where’s Mary-Angela?

**Joey:** She’s right in there. *(motions to the living room)*

*(Chandler walks into the living room, and sees all of Joey’s sisters, all wearing red.) Joey’s Sisters: Hey, Chandler!*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Ross, and Rachel are there.

**Rachel:** I can’t believe Mark didn’t call. It’s Sunday night, and he didn’t call.

**Ross:** Bummer.

**Rachel:** *(to Ross)* Yeah, right. Look at you, you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#practically\|practically]] [[Friends-词汇总表#giddy\|giddy]].

**Ross:** No, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#genuinely\|genuinely]] sorry the Mark thing didn’t work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.

**Monica:** Wait a minute, why don’t you just call Mark. *(they both look up in shock)* I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you’ve got to make stuff happen.

**Ross:** But, you, you don’t want to seem too [[Friends-词汇总表#pushy\|pushy]].

**Monica:** *(to Ross)* Honey, it’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#pushy\|pushy]], he gave her his home number.

**Ross:** *(to Rachel, as she gets his number)* What, he gave you his home number? As in like, to, to his home?

**Rachel:** Yeah, and you don’t mind if I call, because you only want good things for me.

**Ross:** That’s right good things, that-that is what I said. *(glances at Monica)*

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* Hello, Mark? Hi, it’s Rachel Green. *(listens)* Oh no, don’t you [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]]. *(listens)* Yeah, I’ll hold. *(to Monica and Ross)* He left my number at work, but he was helping his [[Friends-词汇总表#niece\|niece]] with her report on the [[Friends-词汇总表#pioneer\|pioneers]].

**Ross:** That is so made up!

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it’s perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye! *(hangs up phone)* I got the interview!

**Monica:** Yay!

**Ross:** There you go.

**Rachel:** He even offered to meet me for [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] tomorrow to [[Friends-词汇总表#prep\|prep]] me for it.

**Monica:** Oh, that is amazing!

**Ross:** Yeah well, if I know Mark, and I think I do, I’d expect nothing less.

**Rachel:** I got to figure out what I’m going to wear.

**Ross:** High [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#baggy\|baggy]] pants say I’m a pro.

**Rachel:** Yeah! Right! Okay, I’ll see you guys later. *(starts to leave)* Woo hoo!

**Ross:** You go get ‘em. *(to Monica)* What did I do to you? Did I hurt you in some way?

**Monica:** What?

**Ross:** ‘Why don’t you call him?!’ Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to [[Friends-词汇总表#prep\|prep]] her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you [[Friends-词汇总表#surgically\|surgically]] remove the boyfriend!

**Monica:** Are you crazy?!

**Ross:** Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This [[Friends-词汇总表#dreamy\|dreamy]] guy is taking my girlfriend out for a [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]].

**Monica:** What?! Ross y'know this isn’t even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you’re right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?

**Ross:** No.

**Monica:** I mean don’t you trust her?

**Ross:** Well, yeah!

**Monica:** Then get over yourself! Grow up!

**Ross:** *(shyly)* You grow up.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey’s sister’s house, they’re finishing up dinner.

**Chandler:** This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it Mary-Angela? Joey’s Grandmother: No! I did!

**Chandler:** Well, it’s, it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]]. So Mary-Angela do you like it? Joey’s Grandmother: Of course! It’s her favorite.

**Chandler:** So um, Mary-Angela, what’s your second favorite? Joey’s Grandmother: More of Grandma’s teramisu.

**Chandler:** Would you just please....give me the [[Friends-词汇总表#receipt\|receipt]] ‘cause this is great. It’s top [[Friends-词汇总表#notch\|notch]]. Joey’s Grandmother: That dies with me.

**Chandler:** So will I. Joey’s Sister: Excuse yourself, and go to the bathroom.

**Chandler:** Oh no-no-no I was just [[Friends-词汇总表#squint\|squinting]]. That doesn’t mean anything. Joey’s Sister: *(whispering in his ear)* Just do it.

**Chandler:** Will you excuse me I have to um..... *(walks to the hall)*


> [!scene] Cut to the hall, Joey’s sister runs up and grabs Chandler’s butt.

**Chandler:** *(startled)* Hey! Joey’s Sister: Finally, I thought we’d never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party. *(kisses him)*

**Chandler:** Look, I may have jumped the [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] here. *(she tries to kiss him, but he ducks it and moves away)* Um, I just got out of a relationship and I’m not really in a, in a [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] kind of place. Joey’s Sister: So! Me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]]! God, Mary-Angela was right you do have the [[Friends-词汇总表#softest\|softest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]].

**Chandler:** Ahhhh, you’re not Mary-Angela. Joey’s Sister: No, I’m Mary-Theresa.

**Chandler:** This is so bad. If-if you’re not Mary-Angela, then-then who is? Mary-Angela: *(standing behind Chandler)* I am!

**Chandler:** Oh, this is soo bad. *(doesn’t see Mary-Angela)* Mary-Angela: Joey!!!

**Chandler:** No Joey! No Joey! Don’t Joey! Joey!

**Joey:** What’s goin’ on?

**Chandler:** *(pats him on the shoulder)* You’re it! Now run and [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]]! Mary-Theresa: It’s no big deal. Chandler was just [[Friends-词汇总表#kissin\|kissin]]’ me because he thought I was Mary-Angela.

**Joey:** What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?

**Chandler:** I wasn’t sure which one Mary-Angela was. *(all of Joey’s sisters gasp)* Look, I’m sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar. Joey’s Sister: I say, [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] him Joey.

**All:** Yeah! Punch him!!

**Chandler:** Y'know what, we should all [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down because your brother’s not going to [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] me. *(to Joey)* Are ya?

**Joey:** Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you’d be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!

**Chandler:** Joey if you wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] me, go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]], I [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] it. But I just want you to know that I would never [[Friends-词汇总表#soberly\|soberly]] hurt you or your family, you’re my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.

**Cookie:** So what. I say, [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] him.

**All:** Yeah! Punch him! Punch him!

**Joey:** No! No! No! No, I’m not going to [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] Chandler.

**Cookie:** I’ll do it.

**Joey:** No you won’t. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he’s sorry. But, *(to Chandler)* you’ve got one more [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]] to make, all right, you’ve got to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] to Mary-Angela.

**Chandler:** Okay, absolutely!

**Joey:** All right.

**Chandler:** You’ve got it. *(he starts to look at his sister’s, but he still doesn’t know which one is Mary-Angela.)*

**Joey:** Cookie, now you can [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] him!

**Chandler:** What?! *(Cookie punches him)*


> [!scene] Scene: A lobby, Ross is waiting for Rachel, after her interview.

**Rachel:** *(getting of the elevator and noticing Ross)* Hey!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Rachel:** What are you doing here?

**Ross:** Ah y'know, this building is on my paper [[Friends-词汇总表#route\|route]] so I... *(gives her a flower)*

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Ross:** Hi. *(kisses her)*

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Ross:** How’d did it go?

**Rachel:** Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]], but y'know thank God Mark [[Friends-词汇总表#coach\|coached]] me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up.

**Ross:** I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of you.

**Rachel:** Me too!

**Ross:** Listen, I’m ah, I’m sorry I’ve been so crazy and [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] and, it’s just that I like you a lot, so...

**Rachel:** I know.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Mark:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yeah. *(turns around)* Hi Mark!

**Mark:** Hi. I just talked to Joanna, and she loves you. You got it, you got the job.

**Rachel:** Oh, I did!

**Mark:** Yes.

**Rachel:** *(to Ross)* Oh my God!! *(she turns around and hugs Mark, not Ross)*

**Ross:** Congratu!! *(sees her hug Mark)* -lations-lations.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, The entire gang is there.

**Monica:** So ah, Phoebe, how was your date?

**Phoebe:** Oh well y'know. *(laughs)*

**Monica:** Yeah, I do know.

**Phoebe:** Ick, you were [[Friends-词汇总表#eavesdrop\|eavesdropping]].

**Rachel:** Eavesdropping. Pheebs, the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceiling\|ceiling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tile\|tiles]] were falling down.

**Phoebe:** Oh, I’m sorry. But I really like this guy. And I think he really happens to like me.

*(We hear the sound of a bed creaking through the ceiling, and him moaning.)*

**Ross:** Maybe he’s just jumping on a pogo-stick and really likes it?

*(We hear a women start moaning.)*

**Ross:** Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?

**Joey:** All right, that’s it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. *(gets up)* This guy is going to get the [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] kicking of a [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]]! *(stops and turns around and asks Rachel)* But, is he a big guy?

**Ross:** Ah, we’ll all go. *(motions to Chandler)* Come on. *(the guys leave)*

**Phoebe:** Thanks you guys! Thank you.

**Chandler:** Don’t worry.

**Phoebe:** God, I hope they kick his ass!

**Rachel:** Honey, I’m sorry.

**Monica:** Y'know if it’s any [[Friends-词汇总表#consolation\|consolation]], he really did sound like he was having more fun with you. *(Rachel nods in agreement)*

*(We the guys knock on the door upstairs, and the guy answering it.)*

**Guy:** *(muffled)* May I help you?

*(We hear the guys start to attack him, but the guy manages to calm them down and gets them to agree to what he did. Monica throws up her hands in disgust.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（40）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 12 | 181 | 87 | *Ah, I fooled around with Joey’s sister.  Well, that’s not the worst part.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 5 | 182 | 101 | *Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 3 | 224 | 126 | *Sorry, I just, any excuse to tell that story y'know....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it’s supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Yeah, right away Mr. Kaplan. Mr. Kaplan: I’m not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me gassy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 2 | 112 | 87 | *Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 2 | 133 | 83 | *Oh honey, come on, I’m sorry, I didn’t.... I don’t mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Are you insane? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he’s actually going to kill you dead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *You go get ‘em.  What did I do to you? Did I hurt you in some way?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Are you crazy?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 2 | 73 | 63 | *Then get over yourself! Grow up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Good luck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Oh, y'know what, I’m gonna be okay, you don’t have to throw a party for me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it’s supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I know! Mr. Kaplan: I’ll bet your thinking, ‘What’s an intelligent girl who wants to be in fashion, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Yeah, Jell-o just like Mom used to make.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *I didn’t have to, because I was wearing my ‘I heart Ross’ sandwich board and ringing my bell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Well, I assume I’ll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that’s true of any job.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Well, my apartment isn’t there anymore, because I drank it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Well, my apartment isn’t there anymore, because I drank it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *What is the worse part?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Veronica. Look, it’s got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue dow* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *I guess they’re back from their date.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *I am good. I finished my book.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How’s it going. This is the hardest letter I’ve ever had to write.  What the h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How’s it going. This is the hardest letter I’ve ever had to write.  What the h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *You are so the man!  Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know ab* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Wait a minute, why don’t you just call Mark.  I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it’s perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye!  I got th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Oh, that is amazing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *High collar and baggy pants say I’m a pro.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *‘Why don’t you call him?!’ Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Oh, I’m taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer. Joey’s Sisters: Oh!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *What?! Ross y'know this isn’t even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *What?! Ross y'know this isn’t even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful ha* |

### 常用词（64）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] | /pʌntʃ/ | n. 打洞器, 钻孔机, 冲压机, 冲床, 潘趣酒 | n. (boxing) a blow with the fist | 10 | 27 | 17 | *Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it’s supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 4 | 68 | 39 | *This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it Mary-Angela? Joey’s Grandmother: No! I did!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charm]] | /tʃɑ:m/ | n. 吸引力, 魔力, 符咒 | n. something believed to bring good luck | 3 | 19 | 14 | *I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 3 | 29 | 21 | *Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 2 | 28 | 21 | *Noo, that’s our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 2 | 68 | 42 | *Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 2 | 152 | 44 | *It’s Joey’s birthday.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 2 | 21 | 18 | *Stick out your tongue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 2 | 56 | 47 | *The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 2 | 92 | 47 | *Hi! So I’m out having lunch at Monica’s and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 2 | 31 | 22 | *Ah, I fooled around with Joey’s sister.  Well, that’s not the worst part.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 2 | 40 | 29 | *Hello, Mark? Hi, it’s Rachel Green.  Oh no, don’t you apologize.  Yeah, I’ll hold.  He left my numbe* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 2 | 42 | 29 | *Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it’s perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye!  I got th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorize]] | /'memәraiz/ | vt. 记住, 熟记, 背熟 | v. commit to memory; learn by heart | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Okay, pick a card, any card.  All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo, that’s our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *Noo, that’s our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]] | /'neibә/ | n. 邻居 | n. a person who lives (or is located) near another | 1 | 19 | 12 | *Noo, that’s our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *Ooh, that is silly.  I’ll go up there, I’ll tell him to keep it down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I’ll show* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] | /hwip/ | n. 鞭子, 抽打, 车夫, 搅拌器 | n. an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it’s supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Oh, that sounds great. Mr. Kaplan: Come on over here, sweetheart.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] | /su:p/ | n. 汤, 马力 | n. liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pi | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Gee, I don’t know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] | /.pɒsә'biliti/ | n. 可能性, 可能的事 | n. a future prospect or potential | 1 | 10 | 10 | *I ah, I work at Bloomingdale’s and I might know of a job possibility if your, if your interested?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickle]] | /'pikl/ | n. 盐卤, 腌汁, 泡菜, 困境, 讨厌鬼 | n. vegetables (especially cucumbers) preserved in brine or vinegar | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Do you want my pickle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *I know, he’s too charming, but if you two start going out, then it’s just gonna make it so much hard* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] | /'streindʒә/ | n. 陌生人, 门外汉 | n. anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found | 1 | 17 | 16 | *And he’s, he’s a total stranger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] | /'nәuhwєә/ | adv. 无处, 到处都无 | n. an insignificant place | 1 | 15 | 15 | *Well, I’m just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] | /streindʒ/ | a. 奇怪的, 陌生的, 生疏的, 不熟悉的, 不可思议的, 外行的, 外地的, 异乡的 | a. being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a b | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Hey, Joey. Are men ever nice to strange women for no reason?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *I didn’t have to, because I was wearing my ‘I heart Ross’ sandwich board and ringing my bell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *I didn’t have to, because I was wearing my ‘I heart Ross’ sandwich board and ringing my bell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] | /'hæmә/ | n. 锤, 铁锤, 钉锤 | n. the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pul | 1 | 14 | 12 | *How hammered are you? Huh? These, these are Joey’s sisters.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 1 | 44 | 22 | *Well, I have ah, vodka and cranberry juice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] | /ig'zækt/ | a. 精确的, 准确的, 精密的 | a. marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact | 1 | 21 | 19 | *No kiddin,’ that’s the exact same drink I made myself right after I shot my husband.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 1 | 21 | 14 | *No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]] | /'preʃәs/ | a. 宝贵的, 珍贵的, 过于精致的, 珍爱的 | s. of high worth or cost | 1 | 15 | 11 | *No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Well, I assume I’ll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that’s true of any job.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *Ah, I fooled around with Joey’s sister.  Well, that’s not the worst part.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *Are you insane? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he’s actually going to kill you dead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]] | /skә:t/ | n. 裙子, 下摆, 边缘, 郊区 | n. cloth covering that forms the part of a garment below the waist | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Veronica. Look, it’s got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue dow* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] | /θrәut/ | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音 | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Veronica. Look, it’s got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue dow* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Why don’t you ask Chandler, ‘cause he’s the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How’s it going. This is the hardest letter I’ve ever had to write.  What the h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardest\|hardest]] |  | a. 极难 | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How’s it going. This is the hardest letter I’ve ever had to write.  What the h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]] | /ri'ækt/ | vi. 起反应, 起作用, 反攻 | v. show a response or a reaction to something | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How’s it going. This is the hardest letter I’ve ever had to write.  What the h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] | /'lɒ:ndri/ | n. 洗衣店, 洗好的衣服, 洗涤 | n. garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering | 1 | 32 | 12 | *Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] | /siksθ/ | num. 第六, 六分之一 | n. position six in a countable series of things | 1 | 15 | 12 | *You are so the man!  Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know ab* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] | /spit/ | n. 唾液, 唾吐, 小雨, 炙叉, 一铲的深度 | n. a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea | 1 | 26 | 22 | *You are so the man!  Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know ab* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!* |
| woo | /wu:/ | vt. 追求, 向...求爱, 恳求 | v. seek someone's favor | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Ow, no ‘woo-hooing,’ no ‘woo-hooing.’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] | /gʌn/ | n. 枪 | n. a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal  | 1 | 22 | 16 | *Look, I may have jumped the gun here.  Um, I just got out of a relationship and I’m not really in a,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Look, I may have jumped the gun here.  Um, I just got out of a relationship and I’m not really in a,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Look, I may have jumped the gun here.  Um, I just got out of a relationship and I’m not really in a,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *Look, I may have jumped the gun here.  Um, I just got out of a relationship and I’m not really in a,* |
| ahhhh |  | 啊（非正式） |  | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Ahhhh, you’re not Mary-Angela. Joey’s Sister: No, I’m Mary-Theresa.* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 1 | 56 | 32 | *What’s goin’ on?* |

### 低频词（79）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kaplan\|kaplan]] |  | n. 卡普兰（男子名） |  | 8 | 9 | 2 | *Yeah, right away Mr. Kaplan. Mr. Kaplan: I’m not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me gassy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prep\|prep]] | /prep/ | n. (英)(非正式)准备功课, 预备学校, 预料 | n preparatory school work done outside school (especially at home) | 3 | 4 | 2 | *He even offered to meet me for lunch tomorrow to prep me for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceiling\|ceiling]] | /'si:liŋ/ | n. 天花板 | n. the overhead upper surface of a covered space | 2 | 10 | 7 | *Ah, somebody’s at the door on the ceiling.* |
| bloomingdale |  | n. 布卢明代尔百货公司 |  | 2 | 12 | 9 | *I ah, I work at Bloomingdale’s and I might know of a job possibility if your, if your interested?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vodka\|vodka]] | /'vɒdkә/ | n. 伏特加酒 | n. unaged colorless liquor originating in Russia | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dreamy\|dreamy]] | /'dri:mi/ | a. 空幻的, 梦想的 | s. dreamy in mood or nature | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, ‘Hummi* |
| gina | /'dʒi:nә/ | n. 吉娜（男子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I mean, was it Gina?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#veronica\|veronica]] | /vә'rɔnikә/ | [计] Veronica查找程序 | n. any plant of the genus Veronica | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Veronica. Look, it’s got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue dow* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cuba\|cuba]] | /'kju:bә/ | n. 古巴 | n. a communist state in the Caribbean on the island of Cuba | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well, that’s the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I’ll be in Cuba.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pushy\|pushy]] | /'puʃi/ | a. 粗鲁的, 固执己见的, 好胜而爱出风头的 | s marked by aggressive ambition and energy and initiative | 2 | 2 | 1 | *But, you, you don’t want to seem too pushy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eavesdrop\|eavesdrop]] | /'i:vzdrɒp/ | v. 偷听 | v listen without the speaker's knowledge | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Ick, you were eavesdropping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exist\|exist]] | /ig'zist/ | vi. 存在, 生存, 发生 | v. have an existence, be extant | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Real magic does exist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievably\|unbelievably]] | /ˌʌnbɪˈli:vəblɪ/ | adv. 难以置信地, 不可信地 | r. in an unbelievable manner | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Noo, that’s our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carpet\|carpet]] | /'kɑ:pit/ | n. 地毯, 地毯状物 | n. a natural object that resembles or suggests a carpet | 1 | 8 | 7 | *He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lightly\|lightly]] | /'laitli/ | adv. 轻轻地, 少许, 不费力地 | r. without good reason | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Why don’t you go up there and ask him to ‘step lightly, please?’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] | /in'vizәbl/ | a. 看不见的, 无形的 | a. impossible or nearly impossible to see; imperceptible by the eye | 1 | 10 | 9 | *All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I’ll show* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rope\|rope]] | /rәup/ | n. 绳, 索, 粗绳, 绞索, 决窍 | n. a strong line | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nouse\|nouse]] | /nəu ju:z/ | na. 没(有)用(处) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rockefeller\|rockefeller]] | /'rɔkifelә/ | 洛克菲勒(姓氏) | n. United States industrialist who made a fortune in the oil business and gave h | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skate\|skate]] | /skeit/ | n. 溜冰, 冰鞋 | n. sports equipment that is worn on the feet to enable the wearer to glide along | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretzel\|pretzel]] | /'pretsәl/ | n. 椒盐卷饼, (美)(非正式)法国号 | n. glazed and salted cracker typically in the shape of a loose knot | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad* |
| katherine |  | n. 凯瑟琳（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donna\|donna]] | /'dɔnә/ | n. （意）女士（置于女士名字前的尊称, 相当于Madam）；堂娜（女子名） | n. an Italian woman of rank | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking wi* |
| sush |  | abbr. Set up Sheet 配置图 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gassy\|gassy]] | /'gæsi/ | a. 气体的, 气状的, 含气的 | s. resembling gas | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, right away Mr. Kaplan. Mr. Kaplan: I’m not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me gassy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intelligent\|intelligent]] | /in'telidʒәnt/ | a. 聪明的, 智能的, 了解的 | a. having the capacity for thought and reason especially to a high degree | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I know! Mr. Kaplan: I’ll bet your thinking, ‘What’s an intelligent girl who wants to be in fashion, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hanger\|hanger]] | /'hæŋә/ | n. 挂钩, 吊架, 衣架, 挂衣钩 | n. a worker who hangs something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh thank you so much Mr. Kaplan, thank you so much. Mr. Kaplan:  I need these hangers separated ASAP* |
| asap |  | abbr. 尽快（As Soon As Possible） | r. as soon as possible | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh thank you so much Mr. Kaplan, thank you so much. Mr. Kaplan:  I need these hangers separated ASAP* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#demean\|demean]] | /di'mi:n/ | vt. 贬低身分, 贬损 | v reduce in worth or character, usually verbally | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remotely\|remotely]] |  | adv. 极小地, 极细微地 | r. in a remote manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bean\|bean]] | /bi:n/ | n. 豆子 | n. any of various edible seeds of plants of the family Leguminosae used for food | 1 | 13 | 8 | *Gee, I don’t know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#howdy\|howdy]] | /'haudi/ | int. 您好(招呼用语) | n an expression of greeting | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Gee, I don’t know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dowdy\|dowdy]] | /'daudi/ | a. 过时的, 懒散的 | n. deep-dish apple dessert covered with a rich crust | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Gee, I don’t know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!* |
| mira | /'mirә/ | n. [天]（鲸鱼星座中的）薴藁增二 | n. A remarkable variable star in the constellation Cetus (/ | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Oh honey, come on, I’m sorry, I didn’t.... I don’t mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arthritic\|arthritic]] | /ɑ:'θritik/ | a. 关节炎的 | n. a person afflicted with arthritis | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh honey, come on, I’m sorry, I didn’t.... I don’t mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seamstress\|seamstress]] | /'si:mstris/ | n. 女裁缝, 做针线活的妇女 | n someone who makes or mends dresses | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh honey, come on, I’m sorry, I didn’t.... I don’t mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misery\|misery]] | /'mizәri/ | n. 痛苦, 悲惨, 不幸, 穷困 | n. a state of ill-being due to affliction or misfortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amuse\|amuse]] | /ә'mju:z/ | vt. 消遣, 娱乐, 使发笑 | v. occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mannequin\|mannequin]] | /'mænikin/ | n. 服装模特儿, 人体模型 | n. a woman who wears clothes to display fashions | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh believe me, I-I-I’ve been there. I had to sort mannequin heads at that Mannequins Plus.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hamburger\|hamburger]] | /'hæmbә:gә/ | n. 汉堡(德国港口), 肉饼, 汉堡包, 纯精牛肉, 汉堡牛排 | n. a sandwich consisting of a fried cake of minced beef served on a bun, often w | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh well then, so I’m just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noisy\|noisy]] | /'nɒizi/ | a. 嘈杂的, 喧闹的 | a. full of or characterized by loud and nonmusical sounds | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey Gunther. Hi.  I mean you’re going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passin\|passin]] |  | [人名] 帕辛 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don’t know, Chandler is supposed to be passin’ ‘em around...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] | /pjuә/ | a. 纯的, 纯净的, 纯洁的, 清白的, 完美的, 无瑕的, 抽象的 | a. free of extraneous elements of any kind | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparent\|apparent]] | /ә'pærәnt/ | a. 清晰可见的, 显然的, 表面上的 | s. clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What, so this guy is helping you for no apparent reason?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swoop\|swoop]] | /swu:p/ | n. 俯冲, 攫取 | n. (music) rapid sliding up or down the musical scale | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Well, I’m just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.* |
| drinkin |  | abbr. drinking 喝 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey. What are we drinkin’ over here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cranberry\|cranberry]] | /'krænbәri/ | n. 越橘 | n. any of numerous shrubs of genus Vaccinium bearing cranberries | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Well, I have ah, vodka and cranberry juice.* |
| kiddin |  | [网络] 七彩汤圆 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *No kiddin,’ that’s the exact same drink I made myself right after I shot my husband.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dialer\|dialer]] | /'daiәlә/ | [计] 拨号装置 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I’m taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer. Joey’s Sisters: Oh!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speedily\|speedily]] | /'spi:dili/ | adv. 赶紧, 快快地 | r with rapid movements | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#savor\|savor]] | /'seivә/ | n. 滋味, 气味, 食欲 | v. taste appreciatively | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no-no-no, no, it’s a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]] | /freiz/ | n. 惯用语, 词组, 成语, 措词, 乐句 | n. an expression consisting of one or more words forming a grammatical constitue | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, ‘Hummi* |
| feelin |  | [网络] 分类 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *How ya feelin’?* |
| woooo |  | [网络] 脱发河童；绝对空虚 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Woooo hoooo!!!* |
| hoooo |  | [网络] 呼；蚊子 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Woooo hoooo!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#airplane\|airplane]] | /'єәplein/ | n. 飞机 | n. an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered by propellers or jets | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Dark, big hair, with the airplane earrings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earring]] | /'iәriŋ/ | n. 耳环, 耳饰 | n. jewelry to ornament the ear; usually clipped to the earlobe or fastened throu | 1 | 20 | 9 | *Dark, big hair, with the airplane earrings.* |
| dina | /'dainә/ | [电] 第纳干扰器 |  | 1 | 12 | 2 | *No, no, no, that’s Dina.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tend\|tend]] | /tend/ | vi. 走向, 有某种的倾向, 易于, 照顾, 注意 | v. have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Look, when I’ve been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I’m sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overly\|overly]] | /'әuvәli/ | adv. 过度地, 极度地 | r to a degree exceeding normal or proper limits | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look, when I’ve been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I’m sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witness]] | /'witnis/ | n. 证人, 目击者, 证据, 证词 | n. someone who sees an event and reports what happened | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Why can’t we talk in here? With, with, witnesses.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grope\|grope]] | /grәup/ | v. 摸索 | n. the act of groping; and instance of groping | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Why don’t you ask Chandler, ‘cause he’s the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tick\|tick]] | /tik/ | n. 滴答声, 一瞬间, 壁虱, 褥套, 信用, 赊欠 | n. a metallic tapping sound | 1 | 7 | 4 | *You are so the man!  Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know ab* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mussolini\|mussolini]] | /,musә'li:ni(:)/ | 墨索里尼(①姓氏 ②enito, 1883-1945, 意大利法西斯党首领及独裁者, 掌权期间 1922-1945) | n. Italian fascist dictator (1883-1945) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You are so the man!  Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, ‘cause my Grandma doesn’t know ab* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bummer\|bummer]] | /'bʌmә/ | n. 无赖, 游民, 游荡者 | n. an experience that is irritating or frustrating or disappointing | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Bummer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practically\|practically]] | /'præktikli/ | adv. 几乎, 差不多, 事实上 | r. almost; nearly | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Yeah, right. Look at you, you’re practically giddy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giddy\|giddy]] | /'gidi/ | a. 眼花的, 头晕的 | s having or causing a whirling sensation; liable to falling | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, right. Look at you, you’re practically giddy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genuinely\|genuinely]] |  | adv. 真诚地；诚实地 | r in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, I’m genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn’t work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#niece\|niece]] | /ni:s/ | n. 侄女, 甥女 | n. a daughter of your brother or sister | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Hello, Mark? Hi, it’s Rachel Green.  Oh no, don’t you apologize.  Yeah, I’ll hold.  He left my numbe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pioneer\|pioneer]] | /.paiә'niә/ | n. 先锋, 拓荒者, 创始人 | n. someone who helps to open up a new line of research or technology or art | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hello, Mark? Hi, it’s Rachel Green.  Oh no, don’t you apologize.  Yeah, I’ll hold.  He left my numbe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] | /'kɒlә/ | n. 衣领, 颈圈 | n. a band that fits around the neck and is usually folded over | 1 | 7 | 6 | *High collar and baggy pants say I’m a pro.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baggy\|baggy]] | /'bægi/ | a. 袋状的, 松垂的 | s. not fitting closely; hanging loosely | 1 | 1 | 1 | *High collar and baggy pants say I’m a pro.* |
| hoo | /hu:/ | int. 呼！（表示高兴, 轻蔑, 赞同, 激动等） | interj. See Ho. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah! Right! Okay, I’ll see you guys later.  Woo hoo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surgically\|surgically]] |  | adv. 如外科手术般地 | r. in a surgical manner; by means of surgery | 1 | 2 | 2 | *‘Why don’t you call him?!’ Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]] | /'jʌmi/ | a. 美味的, 可口的, 赏心悦目的, 愉快的 | s extremely pleasing to the sense of taste | 1 | 13 | 9 | *Well, it’s, it’s yummy. So Mary-Angela do you like it? Joey’s Grandmother: Of course! It’s her favor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#receipt\|receipt]] | /ri'si:t/ | n. 收据, 收入, 收到 | n. an acknowledgment (usually tangible) that payment has been made | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Would you just please....give me the receipt ‘cause this is great. It’s top notch. Joey’s Grandmothe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#notch\|notch]] | /nɒtʃ/ | n. 刻痕, 等级, 峡谷 | n. a V-shaped indentation | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Would you just please....give me the receipt ‘cause this is great. It’s top notch. Joey’s Grandmothe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squint\|squint]] | /skwint/ | n. 斜视眼, 斜着 | n. the act of squinting; looking with the eyes partly closed | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh no-no-no I was just squinting. That doesn’t mean anything. Joey’s Sister:  Just do it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#softest\|softest]] |  | 柔软的 | a yielding readily to pressure or weight | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Look, I may have jumped the gun here.  Um, I just got out of a relationship and I’m not really in a,* |
