---
season: 3
episode: "05"
title: "The One With Frank Jr."
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E05 — The One With Frank Jr.

*Written by: Scott Silveri & Shana Goldnerg-Meehan.*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey’s, there is lumber all over the apartment

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest [[Friends-词汇总表#tick\|tick]] you off?

**Joey:** No. Y'know how we’re always saying we need a place for the mail.

**Chandler:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Well, I started building one. But then I [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to take it to the next step.

**Chandler:** You’re building a post office?

**Joey:** No, an entertainment unit, with a mail [[Friends-词汇总表#cubby\|cubby]] built right in. It’s a one day job, max.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(notices that Joey is wearing some really tight jeans)* My word! Those are [[Friends-词汇总表#snug\|snug]].

**Joey:** Oh yeah. These are my old work pants, Sergio Valente’s.

*(Chandler goes to his bedroom and opens the door. However, only the top half opens, and he trips into his bedroom over the bottom half.)*

**Joey:** Power saw kinda got away from me there.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Central Perk, Phoebe is pacing back and forth waiting for someone.

**Rachel:** *(joining Phoebe outside)* Hey Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Any sign of your brother?

**Phoebe:** No, but he’s always late.

**Rachel:** I thought you only met him once?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I did. I think it sounds y'know big sistery, y'know, ‘Frank’s always late.’

**Rachel:** Well relax, he’ll be here.

**Phoebe:** No, I know, I’m just [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]. Y'know it’s just y'know Mom’s dead, don’t talk to my sister, Grandma’s been sleeping a lot [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]]. It’s like the last [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]] chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You’re so sweet to wait with me.

**Rachel:** Well, actually Gunther sent me. You’re not allowed to have cups out here, it’s a thing. *(takes her cup and goes back inside)*


> [!scene] Scene: inside Central Perk

**Chandler:** Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?

**Monica:** No, but he told me, he thinks your a [[Friends-词汇总表#fox\|fox]].

**Chandler:** All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her [[Friends-词汇总表#freebie\|freebie]] list.

**Joey:** Her what?

**Chandler:** Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrities]] that we can sleep with, and the other one can’t get mad.

**Ross:** Ah, the heart of every [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrities]].

**Monica:** So, Chandler, who’s on your list?

**Chandler:** Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.

**Rachel:** Now, you do realize that she’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]], and way out of your league?

**Chandler:** I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.

**Joey:** Hey, Monica, who would yours be?

**Monica:** First, I need a boyfriend, then I can have a list.

**Joey:** It’s just a game Mon. *(makes a ‘Can-you-believe-her’ face to the rest of the gang.)* Rach, how about you?

**Rachel:** Oh, I don’t know, I guess, Chris O’Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker Stevenson.

**Ross:** Spiderman?

**Rachel:** Hardy Boy.

**Chandler:** Peter Parker.

**Ross:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** What about you honey, who would be on your list?

**Ross:** Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#divide\|divide]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#perspective\|perspective]] canidates into catergories....

**Chandler:** *(coughing)* What a [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]]!

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Everbody this is Frank! This is my half-brother Frank.

**All:** Oh, hi.

**Phoebe:** This is everybody. This is Ross.

**Frank:** How are you?

**Ross:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Chandler.

**Chandler:** Hi.

**Frank:** Hi.

**Phoebe:** Joey.

**Joey:** Hey-hey!

**Frank:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** This is Monica.

**Frank:** Whoa!

**Phoebe:** And this is Rachel.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Frank:** Whoa!!

**Phoebe:** I’m gonna get coffee.

**Frank:** Hey, how do you guys get anything done?

**Chandler:** We don’t, really.

**Rachel:** Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we’re gonna connect, y'know [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]], and everything.

**Frank:** Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some [[Friends-词汇总表#ninja\|ninja]] stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]].

**Chandler:** You know, we don’t really take advantage of living in the city.

**Joey:** I know.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey’s, Joey is drilling a hole in the wall and the drill comes out the other side really close to Chandler’s head. Chandler then rushes out to talk to Joey.

**Joey:** Oh, I’m sorry. Did I get ‘ya?

**Chandler:** No, you didn’t get me!! It’s an electric [[Friends-词汇总表#drill\|drill]], you get me, you kill me!!

**Joey:** Calm down, do you want this unit or not?

**Chandler:** I do NOT want this unit!!

**Joey:** Well, you should’ve told me that before, I’m not a mind reader. Hey, we’re out of [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]. I’m going to Monica’s.

**Chandler:** Fine! *(goes into his room and slams the door, then he slams the bottom half of the door.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel’s, Joey is entering

**Monica:** Hey! Where ‘ya [[Friends-词汇总表#headin\|headin]]’ in those pants? 1982?

**Joey:** Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those [[Friends-词汇总表#designer\|designer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tile\|tiles]] on sale. If you ever want to [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redo]] the bathroom floor.

**Monica:** Why, what’s wrong with my bathroom floor?

**Joey:** Nothing. It’s just old and [[Friends-词汇总表#dingy\|dingy]], that’s all.

**Monica:** I highly [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] that. *(they both go to the bathroom)*

**Joey:** Oh yeah. If you ah, move your [[Friends-词汇总表#hamper\|hamper]], you see what color the [[Friends-词汇总表#tile\|tile]] used to be. *(Monica gasps)* Yeah.

**Monica:** I can’t live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?

**Joey:** Relax. Here hold this *(hands her his beer)*. This old stuff just comes right off. *(he bends down to try and lift some tile right in the middle of the floor, in his tight pants.)*

**Monica:** That’s a little more than I wanted to see.

**Joey:** *(manages to pry off only a small piece)* Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glued]] down. It’d take [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#pry\|pry]] this up. You should ah, you should just leave it. *(starts to walk away, but Monica grabs him)*

**Monica:** I can’t leave it! You [[Friends-词汇总表#gouge\|gouged]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] in my [[Friends-词汇总表#dingy\|dingy]] floor.

*(Joey places the toliet brush and holder over the hole, which is in the middle of the floor.)*

**Joey:** Eh! There you go.

**Monica:** You know that’s nice, y'know we could put it back there after the [[Friends-词汇总表#surgeon\|surgeons]] remove it from your [[Friends-词汇总表#colon\|colon]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s, Frank and her, are sitting on the counh, watching TV

**Phoebe:** *(sits up)* Oh, ew!

**Frank:** What?

**Phoebe:** Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]]? Because I can, and my Mom couldn’t, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.

**Frank:** What, wait, you mean like this? *(does it)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah, yeah. You can do it to. *(tries to do it, but can’t)*

**Frank:** Your not doing it.

**Phoebe:** Oh right, yeah okay, my Mom could, and I can’t. We don’t have that....

**Frank:** When’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]?

**Phoebe:** Feburary 16th.

**Frank:** I know a guy who’s the 18th.

**Phoebe:** Wow, that’s close. When’s yours?

**Frank:** October 25th.

**Phoebe:** That’s the same month as Halloween. So, um, what kinda things do you like to do at home?

**Frank:** Melt stuff.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is working on his list

**Ross:** Okay, I’ve got three of my five.

**Rachel:** Three of your five, what?

**Ross:** Celebrities I’m allowed to sleep with.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! You are giving this a lot of thought.

**Ross:** Yeah, it’s hard okay, I only have two [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spots]] left.

**Chandler:** All right, so who do you got it [[Friends-词汇总表#narrow\|narrowed]] down to?

**Ross:** Okay, Elizabeth Hurely....

**Chandler:** Oooh-hoo, very [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]], [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgiving]].

**Ross:** Susan Sarandon.

**Chandler:** Eh, y'know what, she’s to political, she probably wouldn’t let you do it, unless you [[Friends-词汇总表#donate\|donated]] four cans of food first.

**Ross:** And!! Isabella Rosselini.

**Chandler:** Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she’s too international, y'know she’s never gonna be around.

**Rachel:** So?

**Chandler:** So, you gotta play the [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]], pick somebody who’s gonna be in the country like all the time.

**Rachel:** Yeah, ‘cause that’s why you won’t get Isabella Rosselini, [[Friends-词汇总表#geography\|geography]].


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s, Frank is melting a plastic spoon.

**Phoebe:** Okay so, by [[Friends-词汇总表#melt\|melting]], you meant melting.

**Frank:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** So is it like art?

**Frank:** Yeah, you can [[Friends-词汇总表#melt\|melt]] art. Hey, can I use your phone?

**Phoebe:** Um, yeah sure. Why you wanna call your Mom?

**Frank:** No, I wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#melt\|melt]] it.

**Phoebe:** Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I’m just gonna go to bed, I think the [[Friends-词汇总表#fume\|fumes]] are giving me a [[Friends-词汇总表#headache\|headache]].

**Frank:** *(starts laughing)* Yeah!

**Phoebe:** G’night, bro.

**Frank:** G’night.

**Phoebe:** Here. *(gives him a fire extinguisher)* Y'know, just in case.

**Frank:** Oh, excellent. *(starts to melt the fire extinguisher’s hose.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel’s, Phoebe is eating breakfast with Monica while Frank is playing with num-chucks on the balcony

**Monica:** What kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#karate\|karate]] is that?

**Phoebe:** No kind. He just makes it up.

**Monica:** So how’s it going with you guys?

**Phoebe:** So far, it kinda blows. I don’t know, I just thought y'know that he’d feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....

**Monica:** Oh honey, we’re close now but you-you wouldn’t believe the years of-of nugies, and [[Friends-词汇总表#wedgie\|wedgies]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] wedgies, and [[Friends-词汇总表#atomic\|atomic]] wedgies, and....*(Phoebe shakes her head like she doesn’t understand)* That’s where the [[Friends-词汇总表#waistband\|waistband]] actually goes over your head.

**Phoebe:** Ah!!

**Monica:** Oh, we used to drive each other crazy playing the [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] game.

**Phoebe:** Oh, how do you play the [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] game?

**Monica:** Oh, how do you play the [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] game?

**Phoebe:** I just asked you.

**Monica:** I just asked you.

**Phoebe:** I don’t have time for this.

**Monica:** No, that is what the game is.

**Phoebe:** Which you just gave up really quickly.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Have you seen Joey?

**Monica:** What’s the matter?

**Chandler:** Oh, just this! *(turns around and has a paint lid stuck to the back of his pants.)* Y’know what it’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] really, because the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] is usually where we keep the [[Friends-词汇总表#varnish\|varnish]].

**Joey:** *(yelling from bathroom)* Hey, does somebody wanna hand me one of those [[Friends-词汇总表#tile\|tiles]].

**Chandler:** What’s going on?

**Monica:** He’s [[Friends-词汇总表#retiling\|retiling]] my floor. *(they both run to the bathroom)*

**Chandler:** Yo!! Spackel boy! Get up!

**Monica:** Ah-ah-ah, now you started this, you will finish it.

**Chandler:** He started mine first!

**Phoebe:** Build the unit Cinderelly, [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#tile\|tile]] Cinderelly.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s, Phoebe and Frank are watching TV.

**Frank:** Whoa! Big [[Friends-词汇总表#octopus\|octopus]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah. *(phone rings and Phoebe answers it)* ‘Hello. *(listens)* Oh my God, I totally forgot! *(listens)* Well can’t someone else do it. *(listens)* But, I have company. *(listens)* Yeah, no look, that’s all right I’ll come in.’ *(hangs up phone)* Um, Frank, I’m really sorry but I have to go to work. It’s-it’s one of my regulars and he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insisting]] that I do ‘um.

**Frank:** Hey, what kind of work do you do?

**Phoebe:** Oh! I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#masseuse\|masseuse]]. I give people [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]] and stuff.

**Frank:** You-you work at one of those [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] [[Friends-词汇总表#parlor\|parlors]]?

**Phoebe:** Well, y'know we don’t call it that, but yeah!

**Frank:** *(starts laughing)* Wow! That’s wild! No, I had no idea.

**Phoebe:** All [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]]. I’ll be back in-in a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]. Unless you wanna come with me?

**Frank:** You mean like watch?

**Phoebe:** No, no, you can get one yourself. It’ll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?

**Frank:** Well, I don’t think this, y'know.

**Phoebe:** No, no, no, I wouldn’t do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I’ll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?

**Frank:** Yeah! Hey, do Monica and Rachel work there?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel’s bathroom, Joey and Monica are admiring the new floor.

**Monica:** It’s beautiful! It’s like the first bathroom floor there ever was. *(Chandler tries to go to the bathroom)* Whoa! Are you going in there for?

**Chandler:** What, like a number?

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Chandler:** Hi! Bye! *(runs to the bathroom)*

**Ross:** Okay, I’m done with my choices, these are final. *(holds up a little card)*

**Rachel:** Well, it’s about time.

**Joey:** Ooh, very official.

**Ross:** Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.

**Monica:** And who [[Friends-词汇总表#laminate\|laminated]] it?

**Ross:** That would be me.

**Rachel:** All right let me see. *(grabs the card)* Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?

**Ross:** Hey, it’s my list.

**Rachel:** Okay honey, you do realize she only [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spins]] like that on ice.


> [!scene] Scene: Healing Hands Inc. (Phoebe’s work), Frank is being ushered in, by the arm, to the room Phoebe is in by another girl.

**Frank:** Ow!-Ow!-Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Y'know, ow!

**Phoebe:** Hey!-Hey! What’s going on?

**Frank:** She broke my [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]].

**Girl:** He touched my [[Friends-词汇总表#fanny\|fanny]].

**Frank:** No, she touched mine first!

**Girl:** That’s my job!

**Frank:** So wait, what’s the deal here, I can have sex with you, but I can’t touch you? Phoebe and Girl: Ewww!!!

**Phoebe:** You can’t have sex with her!

**Girl:** What’d you think I was, a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]]?

**Frank:** No, your a [[Friends-词汇总表#masseuse\|masseuse]], it’s cool, I’m not a [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]].

**Phoebe:** Okay, Jasmine, can you, can you ask Mr. Whiffler if he can wait for like five minutes.

**Jasmine:** Fine. *(starts to leave, and points at Frank)* I don’t like you!!

*(leaves)*

**Phoebe:** *(turns around and hits Frank)* So that’s what you thought I did!! God! That’s not what I do!

**Frank:** Wait that’s-that’s, what that’s not what you do?

**Phoebe:** Nooo! Why would you think that?

**Frank:** I don’t know, I mean, y'know, this is the city y'know, I just, I mean, I don’t know.

**Phoebe:** Whatever, it’s the perfect end to the perfect weekend [[Friends-词汇总表#anyways\|anyways]].

**Frank:** Oh, wait, no your right, no it was perfect and I can’t believe that I [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]] it up so bad.

**Phoebe:** You really thought it was perfect?

**Frank:** Well, no, maybe-maybe it wasn’t perfect, but y'know it was pretty cool, y'know, ‘cause we had all those great talks y'know.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, um, which ones in particular were great for you?

**Frank:** Well y'know about the [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] thing, y'know, and how I told you about my likes and my [[Friends-词汇总表#dislike\|dislikes]]...

**Phoebe:** I don’t....

**Frank:** How-how I like to [[Friends-词汇总表#melt\|melt]] stuff, and how I [[Friends-词汇总表#dislike\|dislike]] stuff that doesn’t melt.

**Phoebe:** Right, okay, um-mm.

**Frank:** Yeah, y'know I feel like I can really talk to you ‘cause y'know you’re my sister, y'know.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I guess I do, yeah.

**Frank:** Then I go feel your friend up and make you mad at me.

**Phoebe:** Well, I-I wasn’t hopping mad, y'know.

**Frank:** You hopped a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]. Yeah, I really sorry.

**Phoebe:** Okay. All right, this is my [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] part of the weekend, right now, this.

**Frank:** This?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh.

**Frank:** Oh come on we went, we went to Time Square, we found [[Friends-词汇总表#ninja\|ninja]] stars, I almost got [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] broken by a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]]...

**Phoebe:** She wasn’t a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]].

**Frank:** Well, when I tell my friends about her she will be.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey’s, everyone is there, helping to lift the entertainment center into place

**Chandler:** Okay, on three. One....Two....

**Joey:** Why don’t we just go on two.

**Chandler:** Why two?

**Joey:** Because it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, I [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] counted to three like four times without all this ‘two’ talk.

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Joey:** All right, but in the future...

**Ross:** Okay!! Okay!!

**Rachel:** Come on!

**Ross:** Heavy thing, not getting [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]]!

**Chandler:** Okay, one...two...

**Joey:** So we are going on two?

**All:** All right!! *(they lift it into place, however there is one small problem, the unit is so long that it blocks some of both of their bedroom doors.)*

**Chandler:** Oh, good job Joe.

**Joey:** Wow, it’s big!

**Chandler:** Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]]!

**Joey:** Maybe, my [[Friends-词汇总表#ruler\|ruler]]’s wrong.

**Phoebe:** Maybe all the [[Friends-词汇总表#ruler\|rulers]] are wrong.

**Joey:** Look it’s not that bad. So what, it blocks a little of your door, a little of my door.

**Chandler:** Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours? *(throws his shoulder into the center to try and move it, but it doesn’t move.)*

**Joey:** Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is serving some guy coffee.

**Rachel:** Okay [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]], um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]], easy [[Friends-词汇总表#hazel\|hazel]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]], non-fat, no [[Friends-词汇总表#foam\|foam]], with [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]], extra hot [[Friends-词汇总表#latte\|latte]], right? *(the guy nods)* Okay, great. *(she starts to walk away and under her breath)* You freak.

*(Isabella Rosselini enters)*

**Ross:** *(to Gunther)* Thank you.

**Isabella:** *(to Gunther)* Um, coffee to go, please.

*(Ross recognises her and goes over to the couch, mouthing ‘Oh my God’*

**Ross:** Isabella Rosselini. *(points to her)*

**Monica:** Are you serious? *(they all look)* Oh my God.

**Ross:** Damn! I can’t believe I took her off my list.

**Monica:** Why? ‘Cause otherwise you’d go for it?

**Ross:** Yeah, maybe.

**Rachel:** Oh-oh, you lie.

**Ross:** What you don’t think I’d go up to her?

**Rachel:** Ross, it took you ten years to finally [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] you liked me.

**Ross:** Yeah, well [[Friends-词汇总表#missy\|missy]], you better be glad that list is [[Friends-词汇总表#laminate\|laminated]].

**Rachel:** You know what honey, you go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]], we’ll call her an [[Friends-词汇总表#alternate\|alternate]].

**Ross:** Okay, hold my [[Friends-词汇总表#crawler\|crawler]].

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Monica:** Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?

**Rachel:** Honey, he’s about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I’m just sorry we don’t got [[Friends-词汇总表#popcorn\|popcorn]].

**Ross:** *(to Isabella)* Hi! Hi, I’m Ross, you don’t know me, but I’m a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee? *(Gunther hands her change)* Or maybe [[Friends-词汇总表#reimburse\|reimburse]] you for that one?

**Isabella:** Aren’t you with that girl over there? *(points at Rachel, who waves back)*

**Ross:** Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that’s okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] people, *(gets his out)* so I’m allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#flattery\|flattery]].

**Isabella:** I’m sorry. *(starts to leave)*

**Ross:** Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don’t, don’t just [[Friends-词汇总表#dismiss\|dismiss]] this so fast. I mean this is a once in a [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] opportunity...

**Isabella:** Yeah, for you. Is that the list?

**Ross:** Um, yeah.

**Isabella:** May I see it?

**Ross:** Um, no.

**Isabella:** Come on! *(grabs the list)*

**Ross:** But, okay.

**Isabella:** *(reading it)* I’m not on the list!

**Ross:** Um, see, but that’s not the final draft.

**Isabella:** It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#laminate\|laminated]]!

**Ross:** Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler

*(Chandler waves) brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.*

**Isabella:** Y'know it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]]...

**Ross:** What?

**Isabella:** ...because I have a list of five [[Friends-词汇总表#goofy\|goofy]] coffee house guys and yesterday I [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bumped]] you for that guy over there. *(points at a guy and leaves)*

**Ross:** *(to the rest of the gang)* We’re just gonna be friends.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey’s, they are admiring the entertainment center

**Joey:** Y'know what?

**Chandler:** Umm?

**Joey:** I bet ‘ya ya I could fit in there. *(points to a hole in the center)*

**Chandler:** I’ve got five [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] says you can’t.

**Joey:** Get out your [[Friends-词汇总表#checkbook\|checkbook]], [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]].

**Chandler:** Oh, I think I have the cash.

*(Joey successfully enters the entertainment center, and Chandler closes the door on Joey.)*

**Joey:** You are dogged man! I totally fit!

**Chandler:** Yeah, you got me. *(picks up a 2x4 and puts it through the handles so that the doors won’t open)* I’m out five big ones! *(puts the money in the crack between the door and frame)* Here you go.

**Joey:** Thank you. Cha-ching! *(Chandler starts to leave)* Oh, well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy. *(Chandler leaves and closes the door)* And the drinks are on me!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（33）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 4 | 308 | 105 | *No, I know, I’m just nervous. Y'know it’s just y'know Mom’s dead, don’t talk to my sister, Grandma’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 4 | 95 | 64 | *Hey, Monica, who would yours be?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 3 | 217 | 129 | *Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the oth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 3 | 130 | 71 | *Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the oth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 3 | 133 | 83 | *Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 3 | 180 | 101 | *He started mine first!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 2 | 132 | 68 | *Oh yeah. These are my old work pants, Sergio Valente’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 2 | 92 | 67 | *Well relax, he’ll be here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 2 | 181 | 87 | *No, I know, I’m just nervous. Y'know it’s just y'know Mom’s dead, don’t talk to my sister, Grandma’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 2 | 88 | 74 | *Now, you do realize that she’s a cartoon, and way out of your league?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Oh, I don’t know, I guess, Chris O’Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Yeah.  ‘Hello.  Oh my God, I totally forgot!  Well can’t someone else do it.  But, I have company.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *First, I need a boyfriend, then I can have a list.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *No, you didn’t get me!! It’s an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *So far, it kinda blows. I don’t know, I just thought y'know that he’d feel more like a brother y'kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Oh, we used to drive each other crazy playing the shadow game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Ah-ah-ah, now you started this, you will finish it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Yeah.  ‘Hello.  Oh my God, I totally forgot!  Well can’t someone else do it.  But, I have company.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *No, no, no, I wouldn’t do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I’ll get one of the othe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *No, no, no, I wouldn’t do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I’ll get one of the othe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Hi! Bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Whatever, it’s the perfect end to the perfect weekend anyways.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Well, I-I wasn’t hopping mad, y'know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Damn! I can’t believe I took her off my list.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Oh-oh, you lie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Yeah, well missy, you better be glad that list is laminated.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I bet ‘ya ya I could fit in there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Thank you. Cha-ching!  Oh, well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy.  And the drinks are * |

### 常用词（47）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 2 | 21 | 18 | *Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 2 | 48 | 35 | *She broke my arm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *No, I know, I’m just nervous. Y'know it’s just y'know Mom’s dead, don’t talk to my sister, Grandma’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 29 | 21 | *No, I know, I’m just nervous. Y'know it’s just y'know Mom’s dead, don’t talk to my sister, Grandma’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *No, I know, I’m just nervous. Y'know it’s just y'know Mom’s dead, don’t talk to my sister, Grandma’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Ah, the heart of every healthy relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with celebrities.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]] | /kɑ:'tu:n/ | n. 卡通画, 漫画 | n. a humorous or satirical drawing published in a newspaper or magazine | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Now, you do realize that she’s a cartoon, and way out of your league?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we’re gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Calm down, do you want this unit or not?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Well, you should’ve told me that before, I’m not a mind reader. Hey, we’re out of beer. I’m going to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] | /daut/ | n. 怀疑, 疑惑 | n. the state of being unsure of something | 1 | 17 | 14 | *I highly doubt that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]] | /glu:/ | n. 胶, 粘性物 | n. cement consisting of a sticky substance that is used as an adhesive | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It’d take forever to pry this up. You shou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It’d take forever to pry this up. You shou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *I can’t leave it! You gouged a hole in my dingy floor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1 | 152 | 44 | *When’s your birthday?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halloween\|halloween]] | /.hælәu'i:n/ | n. (基督教)万圣节前夕 | n. the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young p | 1 | 15 | 10 | *That’s the same month as Halloween. So, um, what kinda things do you like to do at home?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Yeah, it’s hard okay, I only have two spots left.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] | /fә'giv/ | vt. 原谅, 宽恕, 免除 | v. stop blaming or grant forgiveness | 1 | 33 | 22 | *Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *Oh honey, we’re close now but you-you wouldn’t believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flyi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *Oh, just this!  Y’know what it’s my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the var* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Oh, just this!  Y’know what it’s my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the var* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Build the unit Cinderelly, lay the tile Cinderelly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] | /in'sist/ | v. 坚持, 坚决主张, 强调 | v. be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Yeah.  ‘Hello.  Oh my God, I totally forgot!  Well can’t someone else do it.  But, I have company.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *Oh! I’m a masseuse. I give people massages and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spin]] | /spin/ | n. 旋转, 自旋, 疾驰, 情绪低落 | n. a swift whirling motion (usually of a missile) | 1 | 19 | 11 | *Okay honey, you do realize she only spins like that on ice.* |
| ewww |  | [网络] 杀死敌人；图片；恶恶恶 |  | 1 | 13 | 10 | *So wait, what’s the deal here, I can have sex with you, but I can’t touch you? Phoebe and Girl: Ewww* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] | /kɒp/ | n. 警官 | n uncomplimentary terms for a policeman | 1 | 20 | 13 | *No, your a masseuse, it’s cool, I’m not a cop.* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 1 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo! Why would you think that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Oh, wait, no your right, no it was perfect and I can’t believe that I screwed it up so bad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 1 | 21 | 16 | *Okay. All right, this is my favourite part of the weekend, right now, this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]] |  | [计] 加快 | a acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Because it’s faster.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]] |  | a. 较小, 更小的 | s. small or little relative to something else | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] | /wet/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天 | v. cause to become wet | 1 | 26 | 25 | *Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]] | /tɒ:l/ | a. 高的, 长的, 夸大的 | n. a garment size for a tall person | 1 | 23 | 18 | *Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] | /hwip/ | n. 鞭子, 抽打, 车夫, 搅拌器 | n. an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Ross, it took you ten years to finally admit you liked me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *You know what honey, you go ahead, we’ll call her an alternate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *Aren’t you with that girl over there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] | /'feimәs/ | a. 出名的, 极好的 | s widely known and esteemed | 1 | 25 | 15 | *Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that’s okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] | /'laiftaim/ | n. 一生, 终生 | n the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death) | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don’t, don’t just dismiss this so fast. I mean this is a once i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy ove* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *I’ve got five bucks says you can’t.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Get out your checkbook, mister.* |

### 低频词（101）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#melt\|melt]] | /melt/ | n. 熔化, 熔化物, 溶解 | v. reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heat | 5 | 7 | 3 | *Melt stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#isabella\|isabella]] | /,izә'belә/ | n. 伊莎贝拉（女子名） | n. the queen of Castile whose marriage to Ferdinand of Aragon in 1469 marked the | 5 | 7 | 2 | *And!! Isabella Rosselini.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]] | /'hukә/ | n. 用钩子的人, 渔船 | n. United States general in the Union Army who was defeated at Chancellorsville  | 4 | 22 | 8 | *Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrity]] | /si'lebrti/ | n. 名声, 名人 | n. a widely known person | 3 | 8 | 4 | *Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the oth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wedgie\|wedgie]] | /'wedʒi/ | n. 楔形后跟的女鞋 | n. a shoe with a wedge heel | 3 | 7 | 5 | *Oh honey, we’re close now but you-you wouldn’t believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flyi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] | /'ʃædәu/ | n. 阴影, 荫, 影子, 影像, 阴暗, 幽灵, 少许, 隐蔽处, 庇护 | n. shade within clear boundaries | 3 | 6 | 4 | *Oh, we used to drive each other crazy playing the shadow game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laminate\|laminate]] | /'læmineit/ | vt. 制成薄板, 制成箔 | n. a sheet of material made by bonding two or more sheets or layers | 3 | 3 | 1 | *And who laminated it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ninja\|ninja]] | /'nindʒә/ | n. （受过偷窃技术专门训练被雇作间谍或刺客的）日本武士 | n. a member of the ninja who were trained in martial arts and hired for espionag | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tile\|tile]] | /tail/ | n. 砖瓦, 瓷砖, 瓦片 | n. a flat thin rectangular slab (as of fired clay or rubber or linoleum) used to | 2 | 8 | 7 | *Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dingy\|dingy]] | /'diŋdʒi/ | a. 暗淡的, 昏暗的, 邋遢的 | s thickly covered with ingrained dirt or soot | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Nothing. It’s just old and dingy, that’s all.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#masseuse\|masseuse]] | /mæ'sә:z/ | n. 女按摩师 | n. a female massager | 2 | 9 | 7 | *Oh! I’m a masseuse. I give people massages and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tick\|tick]] | /tik/ | n. 滴答声, 一瞬间, 壁虱, 褥套, 信用, 赊欠 | n. a metallic tapping sound | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cubby\|cubby]] | /'kʌbi/ | n. 小房间 | n. a small secluded room | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, an entertainment unit, with a mail cubby built right in. It’s a one day job, max.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snug\|snug]] | /snʌg/ | a. 舒适的, 温暖的, 整洁的, 紧身的, 隐藏的 | s. offering safety; well protected or concealed | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay.  My word! Those are snug.* |
| sergio |  | n. 塞尔吉奥（NBA球员） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah. These are my old work pants, Sergio Valente’s.* |
| valente |  | n. (Valente)人名；(法)瓦朗特；(英、德、葡、意)瓦伦特；(西)巴伦特 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah. These are my old work pants, Sergio Valente’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]] | /'despәrәt/ | a. 不顾一切的, 危急的, 令人绝望的, 极渴望的 | n. a person who is frightened and in need of help | 1 | 10 | 9 | *No, I know, I’m just nervous. Y'know it’s just y'know Mom’s dead, don’t talk to my sister, Grandma’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#copperfield\|copperfield]] | /'kɔpәfi:ld/ | n. 科波菲尔（姓氏） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fox\|fox]] | /fɒks/ | n. 狐狸, 狡猾的人 | n. alert carnivorous mammal with pointed muzzle and ears and a bushy tail; most  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, but he told me, he thinks your a fox.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freebie\|freebie]] | /'fri:bi:/ | n. 免费的东西；免费赠品（尤指戏院赠券） | n. something that is free (usually provided as part of a promotional scheme) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honesty\|honesty]] | /'ɒnisti/ | n. 诚实, 公正, 正直 | n. the quality of being honest | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ah, the heart of every healthy relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with celebrities.* |
| kim |  | n. 金姆（人名） |  | 1 | 9 | 4 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basinger\|basinger]] |  | n. (Basinger)人名；(英)贝辛杰 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| cindy | /'sindi/ | n. 辛迪（女子名, Cynthia的昵称） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crawford\|crawford]] |  | n. 克劳福德（美国西部小镇） | n. United States neoclassical sculptor (1814-1857) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halle\|halle]] |  | n. 哈雷（德国城市） | n. a city in the Saxony region of Germany on the Saale River; a member of the Ha | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#berry\|berry]] | /'beri/ | n. 浆果 | n. any of numerous small and pulpy edible fruits; used as desserts or in making  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yasmine\|yasmine]] |  | n. 亚斯明（女子名） |  | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| bleeth |  | [网络] 出现 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| jessica | /'dʒesikә/ | n. 杰西卡（女子名） |  | 1 | 15 | 5 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]] | /'ræbit/ | n. 兔子 | n. any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and | 1 | 13 | 8 | *Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.* |
| donnel |  | [网络] 冬奈尔；多尼尔 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I don’t know, I guess, Chris O’Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kennedy\|kennedy]] | /'kenidi/ | n. 肯尼迪（姓氏, 美国第35任总统） | n. 35th President of the United States; established the Peace Corps; assassinate | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, I don’t know, I guess, Chris O’Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daniel\|daniel]] | /'dænjәl/ | n. 丹尼尔（男子名） | n. (Old Testament) a youth who was taken into the court of Nebuchadnezzar and gi | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, I don’t know, I guess, Chris O’Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lewis\|lewis]] | /'lu:is/ | n. 吊楔 | n. United States rock star singer and pianist (born in 1935) | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Oh, I don’t know, I guess, Chris O’Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|sting]] | /stiŋ/ | n. 叮, 刺痛, 刺激, 讽刺 | n. a kind of pain; something as sudden and painful as being stung | 1 | 17 | 7 | *Oh, I don’t know, I guess, Chris O’Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stevenson\|stevenson]] | /'sti:vnsn/ | n. 史蒂文森（姓氏） | n. Scottish author (1850-1894) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I don’t know, I guess, Chris O’Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spiderman\|spiderman]] | /'spaidәmæn/ | n. <主英>高空作业的建筑工人 |  | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Spiderman?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardy\|hardy]] | /'hɑ:di/ | a. 难的, 艰苦的, 坚硬的, 勇敢的 | n. United States slapstick comedian who played the pompous and overbearing membe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hardy Boy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divide\|divide]] | /di'vaid/ | vi. 分开, 分配, 分裂 | n. a serious disagreement between two groups of people (typically producing tens | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I’ll divide my perspective cani* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perspective\|perspective]] | /pә'spektiv/ | n. 远景, 透视感, (观察问题的)视角, 透视法, 看法, 透视图 | n. the appearance of things relative to one another as determined by their dista | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I’ll divide my perspective cani* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]] | /gi:k/ | n. 做低级滑稽表演的人 | n. a carnival performer who does disgusting acts | 1 | 11 | 8 | *What a geek!* |
| everbody |  | [网络] 人人都 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Everbody this is Frank! This is my half-brother Frank.* |
| larry | /'læri/ | n. 拉里（男子名） | n. Same as Lorry, or Lorrie. | 1 | 12 | 4 | *Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drill\|drill]] | /dril/ | n. 钻孔机, 钻子, 播种机, 粗斜纹布 | n. a tool with a sharp point and cutting edges for making holes in hard material | 1 | 4 | 3 | *No, you didn’t get me!! It’s an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headin\|headin]] |  | un. 顶球入门 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey! Where ‘ya headin’ in those pants? 1982?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#designer\|designer]] | /di'zainә/ | n. 设计者, 谋划者, 制图者 | n. a person who devises plots or intrigues | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redo]] | /.ri:'du:/ | vt. 再做, 重做, 改装 | v make new | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hamper\|hamper]] | /'hæpә/ | n. 食篮, 阻碍物, 食盒 | n. a basket usually with a cover | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be.  Yeah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pry\|pry]] | /prai/ | n. 杠杆, 窥探, 好奇者 | v. to move or force, especially in an effort to get something open | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It’d take forever to pry this up. You shou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gouge\|gouge]] | /gaudʒ/ | n. 圆凿, 用圆凿凿成的槽, 挖, 掘 | n. and edge tool with a blade like a trough for cutting channels or grooves | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I can’t leave it! You gouged a hole in my dingy floor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surgeon\|surgeon]] | /'sә:dʒәn/ | n. 外科医生, 军医, 船医 | n. a physician who specializes in surgery | 1 | 3 | 2 | *You know that’s nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colon\|colon]] | /'kәulәn/ | n. 冒号, 结肠 | n. the part of the large intestine between the cecum and the rectum; it extracts | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know that’s nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#narrow\|narrow]] | /'nærәu/ | n. 狭窄部分, 隘路 | n. a narrow strait connecting two bodies of water | 1 | 7 | 7 | *All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to?* |
| sarandon |  | [网络] 萨兰登 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Susan Sarandon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donate\|donate]] | /'dәuneit/ | v. 捐赠 | v. give to a charity or good cause | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Eh, y'know what, she’s to political, she probably wouldn’t let you do it, unless you donated four ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]] | /ɒdz/ | n. 可能性, 几率, 机会, 胜算, 不平等 | n. the likelihood of a thing occurring rather than not occurring | 1 | 14 | 9 | *So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who’s gonna be in the country like all the time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geography\|geography]] | /dʒi'ɒgrәfi/ | n. 地理学, 地理 | n. study of the earth's surface; includes people's responses to topography and c | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, ‘cause that’s why you won’t get Isabella Rosselini, geography.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fume\|fume]] | /fju:m/ | n. 臭气, 烟, 激怒 | v. be mad, angry, or furious | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I’m just gonna go to bed, I think the fumes are giving me a heada* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headache\|headache]] | /'hedeik/ | n. 头痛, 令人头痛之事 | n. pain in the head caused by dilation of cerebral arteries or muscle contractio | 1 | 8 | 3 | *Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I’m just gonna go to bed, I think the fumes are giving me a heada* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#karate\|karate]] | /kә'rɑ:ti/ | n. 空手道 | n. a traditional Japanese system of unarmed combat; sharp blows and kicks are gi | 1 | 3 | 2 | *What kind of karate is that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#atomic\|atomic]] | /ә'tɒmik/ | a. 原子的, 原子能的 | a. of or relating to or comprising atoms | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh honey, we’re close now but you-you wouldn’t believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flyi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waistband\|waistband]] | /'weistbænd/ | n. 腰带, 束腰带 | n a band of material around the waist that strengthens a skirt or trousers | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh honey, we’re close now but you-you wouldn’t believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flyi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#varnish\|varnish]] | /'vɑ:niʃ/ | n. 清漆, 虚饰, 光泽的表面 | n. a coating that provides a hard, lustrous, transparent finish to a surface | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, just this!  Y’know what it’s my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the var* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#retiling\|retiling]] |  | (retile 的现在分词) vt. 重新用瓦盖；重新铺瓦（瓷砖） | -ing form of retile | 1 | 1 | 1 | *He’s retiling my floor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#octopus\|octopus]] | /'ɒktәpәs/ | n. 章鱼 | n. tentacles of octopus prepared as food | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Whoa! Big octopus.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#parlor\|parlor]] | /'pɑ:lә/ | n. 客厅, 会客室, 小店 | n. reception room in an inn or club where visitors can be received | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You-you work at one of those massage parlors?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]] | /'raiti/ | n. 右派, 保守派 |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All righty. I’ll be back in-in a little bit. Unless you wanna come with me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uma\|uma]] | /'ju:mә/ | 上端内存区 | n. a benevolent aspect of Devi; `splendor' | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy H* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thurman\|thurman]] | /'θə:mən/ | 男子名）；瑟曼（姓氏 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy H* |
| winona | /wi'nəunə/ | n. 威诺娜（女子名, 等于Wenona, Wenonah） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy H* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ryder\|ryder]] |  | n. 瑞得（男子名） | n. A clause added to a document; a rider. See Rider. | 1 | 3 | 2 | *All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy H* |
| michelle | /mɪ'ʃɛl/ | n. 米歇尔（女子名） |  | 1 | 19 | 8 | *All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy H* |
| pfieffer |  | [网络] 普菲费尔 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy H* |
| dorothy | /'dɔrәθi/ | n. 桃乐茜（女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy H* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammel\|hammel]] |  | [人名] [英格兰人姓氏] 哈梅尔 Hamill的变体 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy H* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fanny\|fanny]] | /'fæni/ | n. Frances 的爱称；[口]屁股；女子救护队队员 | n the fleshy part of the human body that you sit on | 1 | 2 | 2 | *He touched my fanny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jasmine\|jasmine]] | /'dʒæsmin/ | n. 茉莉, 淡黄色 | n. any of several shrubs and vines of the genus Jasminum chiefly native to Asia | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Okay, Jasmine, can you, can you ask Mr. Whiffler if he can wait for like five minutes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whiffler\|whiffler]] | /'(h)wiflә/ | n. 经常改变主意的人, 无定见者, 使用遁辞的人, 诡辩者 | n. One who whiffles, or frequently changes his opinion or | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, Jasmine, can you, can you ask Mr. Whiffler if he can wait for like five minutes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyways\|anyways]] | /'eniweiz/ | adv. 不管怎样, 无论如何 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Whatever, it’s the perfect end to the perfect weekend anyways.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dislike\|dislike]] | /dis'laik/ | n. 嫌恶 | n. a feeling of aversion or antipathy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well y'know about the tongue thing, y'know, and how I told you about my likes and my dislikes...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] | /'kjdә/ | <口> = could have |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this ‘two’ talk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]] | /'laitә/ | n. 点火者, 点灯工人, 打火机, 驳船 | n. a device for lighting or igniting fuel or charges or fires | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Heavy thing, not getting lighter!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruler\|ruler]] | /'ru:lә/ | n. 统治者, 管理者, 尺, 直尺 | n. a person who rules or commands | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Maybe, my ruler’s wrong.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] | /baut/ | n. 一回, 回合, 较量 | n. a period of illness | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how ‘bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hazel\|hazel]] | /'heizl/ | n. 榛子, 榛树, 淡褐色 | n. Australian tree grown especially for ornament and its fine-grained wood and b | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foam\|foam]] | /fәum/ | n. 泡沫, 水沫, 泡沫材料 | n. a mass of small bubbles formed in or on a liquid | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#latte\|latte]] | /ˈlɑ:teɪ/ | n. 拿铁咖啡 | n strong espresso coffee with a topping of frothed steamed milk | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#missy\|missy]] | /'misi/ | n. 少女, 姑娘, 小姐 | n a young woman | 1 | 14 | 8 | *Yeah, well missy, you better be glad that list is laminated.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alternate\|alternate]] | /'ɒ:ltәnәt/ | a. 交替的, 轮流的, 间隔的 | v. go back and forth; swing back and forth between two states or conditions | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know what honey, you go ahead, we’ll call her an alternate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crawler\|crawler]] | /'krɔ:lә/ | n. 爬行者, 蠕动的东西, 虱, (澳)马屁精, 奴颜婢膝的人, 婴儿的罩衣 | n. a person who crawls or creeps along the ground | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, hold my crawler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#popcorn\|popcorn]] | /'pɒpkɒ:n/ | n. 爆米花 | n. corn having small ears and kernels that burst when exposed to dry heat | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Honey, he’s about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I’m just sorry we don’t got popcorn.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#velvet\|velvet]] | /'velvit/ | n. 天鹅绒 | n. a silky densely piled fabric with a plain back | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hi! Hi, I’m Ross, you don’t know me, but I’m a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo ho* |
| hoo | /hu:/ | int. 呼！（表示高兴, 轻蔑, 赞同, 激动等） | interj. See Ho. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reimburse\|reimburse]] | /.ri:im'bә:s/ | vt. 付还, 偿还, 赔偿 | v. pay back for some expense incurred | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi! Hi, I’m Ross, you don’t know me, but I’m a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo ho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flattery\|flattery]] | /'flætәri/ | n. 谄媚, 阿谀, 巴结 | n. excessive or insincere praise | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that’s okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dismiss\|dismiss]] | /dis'mis/ | vt. 解散, 开除, 解职 | v. bar from attention or consideration | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don’t, don’t just dismiss this so fast. I mean this is a once i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]] | /aiә'rɔnik/ | a. 冷嘲的, 挖苦的, 反话的, 讽刺的, 令人啼笑皆非的, 出乎意料的 | s. characterized by often poignant difference or incongruity between what is exp | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Y'know it’s ironic...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goofy\|goofy]] | /'gu:fi/ | a. 愚笨的, 傻瓜的 | n. a cartoon character created by Walt Disney | 1 | 3 | 3 | *...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy ove* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#checkbook\|checkbook]] | /'tʃekbuk/ | n. 支票簿 | n. a book issued to holders of checking accounts | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Get out your checkbook, mister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lincoln\|lincoln]] | /'liŋkәn/ | n. 林肯 | n. 16th President of the United States; saved the Union during the American Civi | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Thank you. Cha-ching!  Oh, well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy.  And the drinks are * |
