---
season: 3
episode: "06"
title: "The One With The Flashback"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E06 — The One With The Flashback

*Written by: Marta Kauffman & David Crane {Transcriber's Note: Rachel has two friends that are not named, so I referred to them as Friend No. 1 and Friend No. 2.}*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the whole gang is there including Janice.

**Janice:** Janice has a question. Who of the six of you has sleep with the six of you?

**Phoebe:** Wow, it’s like a [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] problem.

**Ross:** I’m sorry the answer there would be...none of us.

**Janice:** Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.

**Joey:** Well, that’s really a different question.

**Janice:** I’m sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bumped]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ugli\|uglies]].

**Joey:** Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together. Monica and Rachel: What?!!

**Rachel:** Excuse me, there was no time!

**Joey:** Okay, but let’s say there was. How might that go?

**Janice:** Okay, okay, well then answer me this. Has any of you ever.... almost?

**Rachel:** Does anybody need more coffee?

**Ross:** Yeah, I’ll take some.

**Joey:** Hey, there’s a dog out there!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe’s, three years earlier, Phoebe, Monica, and Ross are there

**Phoebe:** Oh, that is so [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunate\|unfortunate]].

**Ross:** What?

**Phoebe:** Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.

**Monica:** *(entering from bedroom)* Okay, I’ll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I’m sorry that I left [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] marks on the phone.

**Phoebe:** You didn’t leave [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] marks on the phone.

**Monica:** Oh, then it must’ve been you. Bye. *(leaves)*

**Phoebe:** *(angrily)* Bye-bye! *(to Ross)* That’s why I moved out.

**Ross:** Hey, y'know while we’re on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don’t live here anymore.

**Phoebe:** I think on some levels she already knows.

**Ross:** Phoebe, she doesn’t know that you [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] out every night, she doesn’t know that you sneak back every morning, and she doesn’t know that you’ve been living with your Grandmother’s for a week now.

**Phoebe:** Okay, well maybe not on those levels.

**Chandler:** *(entering, with a goatee)* Hey.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Chandler:** I’m never gonna find a [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]], ever.

**Phoebe:** Why, nobody good?

**Chandler:** Well let’s see, there was the guy with the [[Friends-词汇总表#ferret\|ferrets]], that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#plural\|plural]]. The [[Friends-词汇总表#spitter\|spitter]]. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!

**Ross:** So how many more do you have tomorrow?

**Chandler:** Two. This [[Friends-词汇总表#photographer\|photographer]], who seemed really [[Friends-词汇总表#dull\|dull]]. And this actor guy, who I’m not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone ‘Chandler Bing,’ he said ‘Whoa-whoa, short message.’

**Monica:** *(entering)* Ross *(who has his foot on the coffee table)*, foot on the floor or come over no more!

**Ross:** *(to Phoebe)* Sure, your [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]] is missing but this she notices.

**Monica:** What?

**Ross:** I have to go. Yeah, Carol should be home by now, soo...

**Chandler:** Umm, how’s it going with you guys?

**Ross:** Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, really?

**Ross:** Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn’t really have any close friends that are just [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]], but last week she meet this woman at the [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]], Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it’s gonna make a difference


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s, Chandler is interviewing a potential roommate.

**Chandler:** Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?

**Eric:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] fashion, so there may be models here from time to time, I hope that’s cool.

**Chandler:** Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.

**Eric:** Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister’s beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she’s a porn star. *(Chandler breaks his pencil in half)*

**Chandler:** Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you’re chances are pretty good. *(Eric offers to shake hands)* All right. *(Chandler hugs him.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s, Chandler is interviewing Joey.

**Chandler:** *(running around the apartment pointing out things)* Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, *(opens door)* Bye-bye.

**Joey:** Don’t you ah, don’t you wanna ask me any questions?

**Chandler:** Sure. Ummm. What’s up?

**Joey:** Well, ah, I’m an actor. I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#fairly\|fairly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]]. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don’t worry I’m totally okay with the gay thing.

**Chandler:** What gay thing?

**Joey:** Ah, y'know just in general people being gay, thing. I’m totally cool with that.


> [!scene] Scene: the hallway, Monica is coming up the stairs.

**Chandler:** Well okay Jerry, thanks for stopping by.

*(Joey is leaving and notices Monica, as Monica notices him)*

**Monica:** Hi.

**Joey:** Hey!

*(Joey leaves and Monica mouths to Chandler ‘Oh my God!’)*


> [!scene] Scene: A bar, Chandler is entering.

**Chandler:** Hey, Mon.

**Monica:** Hey-hey-hey. You wanna hear something that sucks.

**Chandler:** Do I ever.

**Monica:** Chris says they’re closing down the bar.

**Chandler:** No way!

**Monica:** Yeah, apparently they’re turning it into some kinda coffee place.

**Chandler:** Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?

**Monica:** Got me.

**Chandler:** *(to bartender)* Can I get a [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]].

**Monica:** Hey, did you pick a [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]?

**Chandler:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#betcha\|betcha]]!

**Monica:** Is it the Italian guy?

**Chandler:** Um-mm, yeah right!

**Monica:** He’s so cute.

**Chandler:** Oh yes, and that’s what I want a [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] that I can walk around with and be [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|referred]] to as the funny one.

**Monica:** Oh look, the pool table’s free. Rack ‘em up. I’ll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]].

**Chandler:** Okay, but after that, we’re shootin’ some pool.

**Rachel:** *(sitting at a table with some of her friends)* *(to waitress)* Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an [[Friends-词汇总表#onion\|onion]], not an [[Friends-词汇总表#olive\|olive]], and uh I ordered a [[Friends-词汇总表#rum\|rum]] and Diet Coke, which I don’t think this is.

**Waitress:** I am so sorry.

**Rachel:** That’s all right. *(to her friends)* I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh? Friend No. 1: Well, I would like to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] to the woman, who in one year from today, become Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber DDS

**Rachel:** Ummm, I think it’s time to see the ring again. *(holds her hand out and they all scream)* Friend No. 2: Oh, isn’t it exciting, I mean it’s like having a boyfriend for life.

**Rachel:** Yeah, I know. Friend No. 1: What?

**Rachel:** Oh, I don’t know. Well maybe it’s just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don’t know I think I feel like I need to have one last [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]], y'know, just to [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] get it out of my system. *(Chandler is listening in very intensely)* Friend No. 1: Rachel stop! Friend No. 2: You’re so bad!

**Rachel:** I’m serious, I really, I think I need just to have some...[[Friends-词汇总表#meaningless\|meaningless]], sex y'know, with the next guy that I see.

*(Chandler throws the cue ball under there table.)*

**Chandler:** Excuse, I seem to have dropped my ball.

**Rachel:** Yeah, so?

**Chandler:** *(picks it up)* And now I’ve picked it up again. *(walks over to Monica.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God, I went to high school with her. *(to Rachel)* Rachel! Hi!

**Rachel:** Monica! Look! Hi! What do ya think? *(shows her, her ring)*

**Monica:** Oh my God, you can’t even see where the Titanic hit it.

**Rachel:** Yes, his name is Barry, he’s a doctor, thank you very much.

**Monica:** Awww, just like you always wanted. Congratulations

**Rachel:** Thank you. So how-how ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] you, are-are you seeing anybody?

**Monica:** Aww, not right now.

**Rachel:** Oh, but that’s okay.

**Monica:** I know.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

*(An awkward silence)*

**Monica:** So, I’ll get-get back to my friend.

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure. *(points at Chandler, who holds up the cue ball as a ‘Remember me?’ thing)* Listen, can we please have [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] the next time I’m in the city?

**Monica:** Oh, that’d be great.

**Rachel:** Okay!

**Monica:** Thanks.

**Rachel:** Bye!

**Monica:** Bye! *(to Chandler)* Ten [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] says, I never see that woman again in my life.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe’s, Ross is on the phone, as Phoebe is walking by carrying a lamp.

**Ross:** No real-, honey, really it’s fine, just g-go with Susan. Really, I, no, I think girls night out is a great idea. Okay, okay, bye

**Phoebe:** So what are they doing?

**Ross:** I don’t know, something [[Friends-词汇总表#girlie\|girlie]].

**Phoebe:** *(to Monica, who’s entering)* Hey, you’re early.

**Monica:** What are you doing with the [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]?

**Phoebe:** I’m just taking it to be re-[[Friends-词汇总表#wire\|wired]].

**Monica:** Oh, well don’t take it to the same place you took the [[Friends-词汇总表#stereo\|stereo]], ‘cause they’ve had that thing for over a week.

*(There is a knock on the door, Phoebe answers it, its Mr. Heckles)*

**Phoebe:** No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] up here. Mr. Heckles: You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#disturb\|disturbing]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#oboe\|oboe]] practice.

**Phoebe:** You don’t play the [[Friends-词汇总表#oboe\|oboe]]! Mr. Heckles: I could play the oboe!

**Phoebe:** Then I’m gonna have to ask you to keep it down. *(slams the door in his face.)*

*(in the hallway, Eric is moving in) Mr. Heckles: (to Eric) Who are you?*

**Eric:** Hi, I’m Eric, I’m gonna be Chandler’s new [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]. Mr. Heckles: I’m Chandler’s new roommate.

**Eric:** I-I-I don’t think so. Mr. Heckles: I could be Chandler’s new [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]].

**Eric:** But, he told me over the phone. Mr. Heckles: He told me in person.

**Eric:** That’s weird. Mr. Heckles: Well, I’m going to go into my new apartment now. *(goes over to the door and opens it)* Ehh! *(Eric leaves)*

*(inside Chandler’s apartment, Chandler is coming in from his bedroom, sees Mr. Heckles, and screams.)*


> [!scene] Scene: the hallway, Joey is moving in, Monica is leaving.

**Monica:** Hi, again.

**Joey:** Hey! *(goes into the apartment)*

**Chandler:** *(leaving to go to work)* Hey!

**Monica:** Thank you soo, much.

**Chandler:** Oh, don’t thank me, thank the [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.

*(Joey comes back into the hallway and starts to pick up a heavy box)*

**Monica:** You want some help with that?

**Joey:** Oh, no thanks, I got it. *(picks it up)* No I don’t!

**Monica:** Whoa! Are you okay?

**Joey:** Whew! Stood up to fast, got a little head [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]].

**Monica:** It’s the heat. *(has her hand on his chest, and then pulls it away)* And-and the [[Friends-词汇总表#humidity\|humidity]].

**Joey:** That’s a uh, that’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] [[Friends-词汇总表#combination\|combination]].

**Monica:** Do you wanna come in for some [[Friends-词汇总表#lemonade\|lemonade]]?

**Joey:** Like you wouldn’t believe. *(they go into the apartment)* Wow! This is a great place.

**Monica:** Thank you. Just make yourself [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]].

**Joey:** Gotcha.

**Monica:** This place is really my Grandmother’s. *(Joey starts to take off all of his clothes, while Monica gets the glasses and pours the lemonade.)* I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] a place like this. So if the [[Friends-词汇总表#landlord\|landlord]] ever asks, I’m 87 year old woman, who’s afraid of her VCR. So are you [[Friends-词汇总表#thirsty\|thirsty]]?

**Joey:** Oh, you bet I am!

**Monica:** *(turning around)* Okay, here’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]]!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: continued from earlier.

**Monica:** Oh my God!!! What are you doing?!!

**Joey:** You said, you wanna come in for some [[Friends-词汇总表#lemonade\|lemonade]]?

**Monica:** So?!

**Joey:** Whoa, ah!! We’re you just gonna give me some [[Friends-词汇总表#lemonade\|lemonade]]?

**Monica:** Yeah huh!! Cover yourself up!

**Joey:** Oh right, right.

**Monica:** I don’t believe this! When someone asks you in for [[Friends-词汇总表#lemonade\|lemonade]], and to you that means they wanna have sex?

**Joey:** Well usually...yeah! Well, not just [[Friends-词汇总表#lemonade\|lemonade]], iced [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]], sometimes [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]]. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I’m such a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]].

**Monica:** It’s okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe’s, Monica is vacuuming.

**Monica:** Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Huh?

**Monica:** Where’s your bed?

**Phoebe:** It’s not in the apartment? *(Monica gives a ‘Come on’ look)* Oh no. I can’t believe this is happening again.

**Monica:** What?

**Phoebe:** Okay, enough with the third degree! I-I’ve, I don’t live here anymore.

**Monica:** What are you talking about?

**Phoebe:** I’m sorry, I-I-I-I don’t live here anymore. I-I didn’t know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!

**Monica:** Everybody knows!

**Phoebe:** That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn’t sleep for like a month because I got like a [[Friends-词汇总表#dot\|dot]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#ink\|ink]] on one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sofa\|sofa]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushions]].

**Monica:** Well, you-you [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] just turned the [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushion]] over.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I would’ve except I had a big [[Friends-词汇总表#spaghetti\|spaghetti]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]] on the other side.

**Monica:** What?!?!

**Phoebe:** Okay, this is what I’m talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]].

**Monica:** You can [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]]. In the [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]].

**Phoebe:** Aw, honey it’s not your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]], y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don’t see that happening.

**Monica:** I love you, too.

**Phoebe:** Aww, good. *(they hug)* What?

**Monica:** What? I’m just said.

**Phoebe:** No you’re not, you’re wondering which [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushion]] it is.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, (now) Joey is watching Baywatch, as Chandler enters from his bedroom.

**Chandler:** So ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#whatcha\|whatcha]] watching?

**Joey:** Baywatch.

**Chandler:** What’s it about?

**Joey:** Lifeguards.

**Chandler:** Well, it sounds kinda stupid... *(looks at the TV)* Who’s she?

**Joey:** Nicole Eggert. You'll like her.

*(Baywatch goes into one of those running scenes.)*

**Chandler:** Wow! Look at them run.

**Joey:** They do that a lot. Hey, you want a [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I’ll go get one.

**Joey:** No, no, no, don’t get up, I got a [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] right here.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s, Monica is coming out of the bathroom wearing nothing but a towel, as Chandler is entering.

**Chandler:** Well, hello!

**Monica:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Do you have any [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]]? We’re out of beers.

**Monica:** *(all depressed)* Help yourself.

**Chandler:** You okay?

**Monica:** Phoebe moved out.

**Chandler:** Right.

**Monica:** I don’t understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don’t have a boyfriend?

**Chandler:** Noo!! You don’t have a boyfriend because....I don’t, I don’t know why you don’t have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.

**Monica:** Well, I think so.

**Chandler:** Oh-ho, come here. *(goes and hugs her)* Listen, you are one of my [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] people and the most beautiful woman I’ve ever known in real life.


> [!scene] Scene: the bar, Ross is entering, Phoebe is at the bar, they are the only two in the place.

**Ross:** *(all depressed)* Hi. Where is everybody?

**Phoebe:** Oh, it’s already closed, Chris gave me the keys to [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] up-what is wrong?

**Ross:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]], I think my marriage is um, is kinda over.

**Phoebe:** Oh no! Why?

**Ross:** ‘Cause Carol’s a lesbian. *(Phoebe is shocked)* And, and I’m not one. And apparently it’s not a mix and match situation.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! I don’t believe it! Oh, you poor [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]].

**Ross:** *(sets out a bunch of shot glasses and starts to poor himself a drink, many drinks)* I’m an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]. I mean [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulda\|shoulda]] seen it, I mean Carol and I’d be out and she’d, she’d see some beautiful woman, and, and she’d be Ross y'know look at her, and I’d think, God, my wife is cool!

**Phoebe:** Aw! Hey, do you think that Susan person is her [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]]?

**Ross:** Well, now I do!!

**Phoebe:** I’m sorry.

**Ross:** Seven years. I mean we’ve been together seven years, she’s the only woman who’s ever loved me, and the only woman I’ve-I’ve ever....

**Phoebe:** Aw, God Ross. Oh.*(goes over and hugs him)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s, Chandler and Monica are still hugging each other.

**Chandler:** Umm, this is nice.

**Monica:** I know, it is isn’t it?

**Chandler:** No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent [[Friends-词汇总表#cotton\|cotton]]?

**Monica:** Yeah! And I got it on sale, too.

**Chandler:** Anyway, I should go, one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#lifeguard\|lifeguards]] was just about to [[Friends-词汇总表#dismantle\|dismantle]] a nuclear device.

**Monica:** Well, if you wanna get a drink later we can.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, that sounds great. *(starts to leave)* Oh, and listen, it’s, it’s gonna be....

**Monica:** I know. Thanks. *(Chandler leaves)*


> [!scene] Scene: the bar, Phoebe is still hugging Ross.

**Ross:** Maybe this would’ve happened if I’d been more [[Friends-词汇总表#nurture\|nurturing]], or I’d paid more attention, or I... had a [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]]. I can’t believe this!

**Phoebe:** I know no, no, y'know you don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] this, you don’t Ross. You’re, you’re really, you’re so good. *(kisses him on the cheek)*

**Ross:** Thanks.

**Phoebe:** And you’re so sweet. *(kisses him on the other cheek)* And you’re kind *(kisses him on the lips)*

**Ross:** Thanks. *(kisses her on the lips)*

*(They pause, and they the start kissing passionately, and taking off each others clothes, and they start to lie down on the pool table.)*

**Ross:** Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

**Phoebe:** Huh?

*(Ross tries to clear off the pool table by knocking the balls to the other end of the table, but they all bounce back, and he frantically starts to throw them into the pockets.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, it’s okay.

*(Phoebe jumps on to the table and lays down, Ross follows her and hits his head on the light hanging over the pool table.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh. *(they start kissing again)*

**Ross:** Wait, wait, wait.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Ross:** My foot is stuck in the pocket.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Ross:** No, I can’t get it out.

**Phoebe:** Well, that’s not something a girl wants to hear.

**Ross:** No, come on don’t start. *(they start kissing again)* Ouch!

**Phoebe:** What?

**Ross:** Stupid balls are in the way. *(holds up two balls)*

*(They both look at each other and start laughing (Lisa almost lost it there), and sit up. Ross hits his head on the lamp again.)*

**Ross:** Oh well. It probably would’ve been the most [[Friends-词汇总表#constructive\|constructive]] solution.

**Phoebe:** You have [[Friends-词汇总表#chalk\|chalk]] on your face.

**Ross:** Huh? *(the rest of the gang enters)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, Ross you’re right, I don’t know why I always thought this was real [[Friends-词汇总表#grass\|grass]].

**Monica:** Hey, are you okay?

**Ross:** My wife’s a lesbian.

**Joey:** Cool!!

**Chandler:** Ross-Joey, Joey-Ross. *(they shake hands)*

**Ross:** Hi.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: the bar, Chandler is playing pool, as Rachel enters.

**Chandler:** I can’t believe you came back.

**Rachel:** Don’t say anything. I don’t wanna speak, I don’t wanna think. I just want you to take me and kiss me and make love to me right here, right now.

*(She hits the jukebox Fonzy style, and It’s That Time of Season starts to play, as they start to kiss.) Friend No. 2: Rachel! Rachel! (stirs Rachel from her dream, she’s in her car driving back from the city)*

**Rachel:** What? Friend No. 2: You missed the [[Friends-词汇总表#exit\|exit]]!

**Rachel:** Oh, sorry. Friend No. 1: My God, what were you thinking about?

**Rachel:** Um, *(shyly)* Barry.

**Her Friends:** Awwww!!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（32）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 5 | 155 | 54 | *Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 5 | 116 | 71 | *Ummm, I think it’s time to see the ring again.  Friend No. 2: Oh, isn’t it exciting, I mean it’s lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 4 | 281 | 110 | *Oh, then it must’ve been you. Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 3 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, there was no time!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 3 | 181 | 87 | *Hey, y'know while we’re on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don’t live here anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 3 | 197 | 118 | *Hey, y'know while we’re on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don’t live here anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 3 | 254 | 104 | *Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Janice has a question. Who of the six of you has sleep with the six of you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 2 | 88 | 57 | *Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I’m not sure about, because * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Well, ah, I’m an actor. I’m fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don’t worry I’m totally okay* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 2 | 66 | 56 | *Yeah, apparently they’re turning it into some kinda coffee place.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *It’s not in the apartment?  Oh no. I can’t believe this is happening again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *I’m sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by,  Bye-bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Well, ah, I’m an actor. I’m fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don’t worry I’m totally okay* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Hey-hey-hey. You wanna hear something that sucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Ummm, I think it’s time to see the ring again.  Friend No. 2: Oh, isn’t it exciting, I mean it’s lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *That’s weird. Mr. Heckles: Well, I’m going to go into my new apartment now.  Ehh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *This place is really my Grandmother’s.  I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Oh, you bet I am!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *It’s okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *No you’re not, you’re wondering which cushion it is.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *My foot is stuck in the pocket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Don’t say anything. I don’t wanna speak, I don’t wanna think. I just want you to take me and kiss me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Don’t say anything. I don’t wanna speak, I don’t wanna think. I just want you to take me and kiss me* |

### 常用词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 6 | 79 | 44 | *I’m never gonna find a roommate, ever.* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 3 | 42 | 29 | *I have to go. Yeah, Carol should be home by now, soo...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] | /sni:k/ | vi. 鬼鬼祟祟做事 | n. a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible | 2 | 15 | 14 | *Phoebe, she doesn’t know that you sneak out every night, she doesn’t know that you sneak back every * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 2 | 68 | 39 | *Phoebe, she doesn’t know that you sneak out every night, she doesn’t know that you sneak back every * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 2 | 40 | 26 | *Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 2 | 59 | 37 | *Can I get a beer.* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 2 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, not right now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 2 | 31 | 26 | *Oh, don’t thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 2 | 93 | 40 | *My marriage, I think my marriage is um, is kinda over.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 1 | 38 | 28 | *Wow, it’s like a dirty math problem.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] | /mæθ/ | n. 数学 | n a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity an | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Wow, it’s like a dirty math problem.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *I’m sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble la* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble la* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]] | /hә:z/ | pron. 她的 | pron. See the Note under Her, pron. | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn’t really have any close friends that are just hers,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] | /dʒim/ | n. +体育馆, 体育训练, 体育课, 体操 | n athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training | 1 | 33 | 23 | *Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn’t really have any close friends that are just hers,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] | /'mәustli/ | adv. 大概, 大部分, 主要 | r in large part; mainly or chiefly | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Oh, mostly fashion, so there may be models here from time to time, I hope that’s cool.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by,  Bye-bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] | /ni:t/ | a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的 | s. clean or organized | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Well, ah, I’m an actor. I’m fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don’t worry I’m totally okay* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|refer]] | /ri'fә:/ | vt. 提交, 归诸于, 把...提交, 使求助于 | v. be relevant to | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh yes, and that’s what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] | /hwip/ | n. 鞭子, 抽打, 车夫, 搅拌器 | n. an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Oh look, the pool table’s free. Rack ‘em up. I’ll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *Oh look, the pool table’s free. Rack ‘em up. I’ll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] | /prә'pәuz/ | vt. 计划, 打算, 建议, 提议, 求(婚) | v. make a proposal, declare a plan for something | 1 | 33 | 17 | *That’s all right.  I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh? Friend No. 1: Well, I would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 1 | 40 | 18 | *That’s all right.  I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh? Friend No. 1: Well, I would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] | /'sɔ:tә/ | adv. 有几分地 |  | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Oh, I don’t know. Well maybe it’s just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don’t know I thi* |
| awww |  | n. 啊啊… |  | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Awww, just like you always wanted. Congratulations* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Awww, just like you always wanted. Congratulations* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Oh, yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure.  Listen, can we please have lunch the next time I’m in the city?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *Bye!  Ten bucks says, I never see that woman again in my life.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 1 | 23 | 13 | *What are you doing with the lamp?* |
| ehh |  | abbr. 食管裂孔疝（esophageal hiatal hernia）；高压对光栅行幅（场幅）的影响 |  | 1 | 13 | 13 | *That’s weird. Mr. Heckles: Well, I’m going to go into my new apartment now.  Ehh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Whew! Stood up to fast, got a little head rush.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Whew! Stood up to fast, got a little head rush.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *That’s a uh, that’s a tough combination.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *Thank you. Just make yourself comfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Gotcha.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] | /ә'fɒ:d/ | vt. 买得起, 足以, 给予 | v. be able to spare or give up | 1 | 16 | 15 | *This place is really my Grandmother’s.  I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] | /'pi:nis/ | n. 阳物, 阴茎 | n. the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism) | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Okay, here’s your penis!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 1 | 44 | 22 | *Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *You can spill. In the sink.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *Aw, honey it’s not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be frien* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo!! You don’t have a boyfriend because....I don’t, I don’t know why you don’t have a boyfriend. Yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 1 | 21 | 16 | *Oh-ho, come here.  Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I’ve ever* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Oh, it’s already closed, Chris gave me the keys to lock up-what is wrong?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] | /'bʌni/ | n. 兔子 | n. a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a | 1 | 32 | 17 | *Oh my God! I don’t believe it! Oh, you poor bunny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *I’m an idiot. I mean shoulda seen it, I mean Carol and I’d be out and she’d, she’d see some beautifu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *Aw! Hey, do you think that Susan person is her lover?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]] | /'ju:tәrәs/ | n. 子宫 | n. a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the develop | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Maybe this would’ve happened if I’d been more nurturing, or I’d paid more attention, or I... had a u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *I know no, no, y'know you don’t deserve this, you don’t Ross. You’re, you’re really, you’re so good.* |

### 低频词（60）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heckle\|heckle]] | /'hekl/ | vt. 诘问, 以麻梳梳理, 激烈质问 | v. comb with a heckle | 7 | 44 | 5 | *No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here. Mr. Heckles: You’re disturbing my oboe pract* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lemonade\|lemonade]] | /.lemә'neid/ | n. 柠檬水 | n. sweetened beverage of diluted lemon juice | 5 | 9 | 3 | *Do you wanna come in for some lemonade?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oboe\|oboe]] | /'әubәu/ | n. 双簧管 | n. a slender double-reed instrument; a woodwind with a conical bore and a double | 3 | 3 | 1 | *No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here. Mr. Heckles: You’re disturbing my oboe pract* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] | /'lipstik/ | n. 口红, 唇膏 | n. makeup that is used to color the lips | 2 | 12 | 9 | *Okay, I’ll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I’m sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.* |
| eric | /'erik/ | abbr. 科教资源信息中心（Educational Resources Information Center）；电子遥 | n. A recompense formerly given by a murderer to the relatives of | 2 | 14 | 7 | *Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?* |
| ummm |  | 嗯（非正式） |  | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Sure. Ummm. What’s up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushion]] | /'kuʃәn/ | n. 垫子, 橡皮软垫 | n. the layer of air that supports a hovercraft or similar vehicle | 2 | 9 | 5 | *Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]] | /spil/ | n. 溢出, 溅出, 摔下, 溢出量, 木片, 小塞子 | n. liquid that is spilled | 2 | 10 | 9 | *Okay, this is what I’m talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifeguard\|lifeguard]] | /'laifgɑ:d/ | n. 卫兵, 禁卫军, 救生员 | n. an attendant employed at a beach or pool to protect swimmers from accidents | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Lifeguards.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugli\|ugli]] | /'ʌɡli/ | n. 牙买加丑橘（商标名称） | n. large sweet juicy hybrid between tangerine and grapefruit having a thick wrin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunate\|unfortunate]] | /.ʌn'fɒ:tʃәnit/ | a. 不幸的, 不合适的, 不吉利的 | n. a person who suffers misfortune | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, that is so unfortunate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ferret\|ferret]] | /'ferit/ | n. 白鼬, 雪貂, 侦探 | n. domesticated albino variety of the European polecat bred for hunting rats and | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plural\|plural]] | /'pluәrәl/ | n. 复数 | n. the form of a word that is used to denote more than one | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spitter\|spitter]] | /'spitә/ | n. 用灸叉拷肉的人, 吐唾沫的人 | n. a person who spits (ejects saliva or phlegm from the mouth) | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#photographer\|photographer]] | /fә'tɔ^rәfә/ | n. 摄影师, 摄影者 | n. someone who takes photographs professionally | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I’m not sure about, because * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dull\|dull]] | /dʌl/ | a. 钝的, 无趣的, 呆滞的, 阴暗的 | v. make dull in appearance | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I’m not sure about, because * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]] | /'dresә/ | n. 化妆台, (剧团)服装师, 碗柜 | n. a person who dresses in a particular way | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Sure, your dresser is missing but this she notices.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fairly\|fairly]] | /'fєәli/ | adv. 美观地, 公平地, 相当地, 清楚地 | r. without favoring one party, in a fair evenhanded manner | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, ah, I’m an actor. I’m fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don’t worry I’m totally okay* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerry\|jerry]] | /'dʒeri/ | a. 草率的, 偷工减料的 | n offensive term for a person of German descent | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Well okay Jerry, thanks for stopping by.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#betcha\|betcha]] | /'betʃә/ | <口> = bet you |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You betcha!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rack\|rack]] | /ræk/ | n. 架, 行李架, 饲草架, 搁物架, 痛苦, 折磨, 齿条, 行云团 | n. framework for holding objects | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh look, the pool table’s free. Rack ‘em up. I’ll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip* |
| shootin | /'ʃu:tɪn/ | abbr. shooting 发射，射击 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, but after that, we’re shootin’ some pool.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#onion\|onion]] | /'ʌnjәn/ | n. 洋葱 | n. the bulb of an onion plant | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I orde* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#olive\|olive]] | /'ɒliv/ | n. 橄榄, 橄榄树, 橄榄色, 橄榄枝 | n. small ovoid fruit of the European olive tree; important food and source of oi | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I orde* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rum\|rum]] | /rʌm/ | n. 朗姆酒 | n. liquor distilled from fermented molasses | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I orde* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coke\|coke]] | /kәuk/ | n. 可口可乐, 焦炭 | n. carbon fuel produced by distillation of coal | 1 | 13 | 8 | *Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I orde* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#farber\|farber]] |  | n. (Farber)人名；(英)法伯；(德、罗、法、捷)法贝尔；(西)法韦尔 |  | 1 | 7 | 4 | *That’s all right.  I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh? Friend No. 1: Well, I would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dd\|dd]] |  | 神学博士 | n a doctor's degree in religion | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s all right.  I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh? Friend No. 1: Well, I would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]] | /fliŋ/ | n. 投掷, 急冲, 嘲弄 | n. the act of flinging | 1 | 13 | 7 | *Oh, I don’t know. Well maybe it’s just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don’t know I thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningless\|meaningless]] | /'mi:niŋlis/ | a. 无意义的 | a. having no meaning or direction or purpose | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I’m serious, I really, I think I need just to have some...meaningless, sex y'know, with the next guy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#titanic\|titanic]] | /tai'tænik/ | a. 四价钛的 | s. of great force or power | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh my God, you can’t even see where the Titanic hit it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] | /baut/ | n. 一回, 回合, 较量 | n. a period of illness | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Thank you. So how-how ‘bout you, are-are you seeing anybody?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlie\|girlie]] | /'gә:li/ | n. 少女 |  | 1 | 7 | 4 | *I don’t know, something girlie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stereo\|stereo]] | /'stiәriәu/ | n. 铅版, 立体照片 | n. reproducer in which two microphones feed two or more loudspeakers to give a t | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, well don’t take it to the same place you took the stereo, ‘cause they’ve had that thing for over* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disturb\|disturb]] | /dis'tә:b/ | vt. 扰乱, 妨碍, 使不安 | v. move deeply | 1 | 4 | 3 | *No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here. Mr. Heckles: You’re disturbing my oboe pract* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humidity\|humidity]] | /hju:'miditi/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 湿度 | n. wetness in the atmosphere | 1 | 4 | 2 | *It’s the heat.  And-and the humidity.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#combination\|combination]] | /.kɒmbi'neiʃәn/ | n. 组合, 合并, 联合 | n. a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate par | 1 | 7 | 7 | *That’s a uh, that’s a tough combination.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#landlord\|landlord]] | /'lændlɒ:d/ | n. 房东, 地主 | n. a landowner who leases to others | 1 | 5 | 3 | *This place is really my Grandmother’s.  I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vcr\|vcr]] |  | [化] 长春新碱 | n a magnetic tape recorder for recording (and playing back) TV programs | 1 | 8 | 7 | *This place is really my Grandmother’s.  I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thirsty\|thirsty]] | /'θә:sti/ | a. 口渴的, 渴望的, 干燥的 | s. needing moisture | 1 | 4 | 3 | *This place is really my Grandmother’s.  I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dot\|dot]] | /dɒt/ | n. 点, 圆点, 小数点, 小东西, 嫁妆 | n. the shorter of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code | 1 | 5 | 5 | *That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ink\|ink]] | /iŋk/ | n. 墨水, 墨汁 | n. a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing | 1 | 7 | 6 | *That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sofa\|sofa]] | /'sәufә/ | n. 沙发 | n. an upholstered seat for more than one person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] | /'kjdә/ | <口> = could have |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spaghetti\|spaghetti]] | /spә'geti/ | n. 意大利面条 | n. spaghetti served with a tomato sauce | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, I would’ve except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]] | /stein/ | n. 污染, 污点, 着色剂 | n. a soiled or discolored appearance | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Yeah, I would’ve except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatcha\|whatcha]] | /'hwɔttʃə; 'hwʌ-/ | = what do you；=what have you |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *So ah, whatcha watching?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baywatch\|baywatch]] |  | 海滩游侠（电视剧名） |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Baywatch.* |
| nicole | /ni'kәjl/ | n. 尼科尔（女子名, 等于Nichole） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Nicole Eggert. You'll like her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eggert\|eggert]] |  | [人名] 埃格特 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nicole Eggert. You'll like her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] | /'ku:lә/ | n. 冷却器 | n. a refrigerator for cooling liquids | 1 | 12 | 9 | *No, no, no, don’t get up, I got a cooler right here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulda\|shoulda]] | /'ʃudә/ | <美俚>= should have |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I’m an idiot. I mean shoulda seen it, I mean Carol and I’d be out and she’d, she’d see some beautifu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cotton\|cotton]] | /'kɒtn/ | n. 棉花 | n. soft silky fibers from cotton plants in their raw state | 1 | 6 | 6 | *No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dismantle\|dismantle]] | /dis'mæntl/ | vt. 拆除...的设备, 分解, 去除覆盖物 | v tear down so as to make flat with the ground | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nurture\|nurture]] | /'nә:tʃә/ | n. 养育, 营养物, 培育 | n the properties acquired as a consequence of the way you were treated as a chil | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Maybe this would’ve happened if I’d been more nurturing, or I’d paid more attention, or I... had a u* |
| ouch | /autʃ/ | interj. 哎唷(表剧痛) | n. A socket or bezel holding a precious stone; hence, a jewel or | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, come on don’t start.  Ouch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constructive\|constructive]] | /kәn'strʌktiv/ | a. 建设性的, 构造上的 | a. constructing or tending to construct or improve or promote development | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh well. It probably would’ve been the most constructive solution.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chalk\|chalk]] | /tʃɒ:k/ | n. 粉笔, 白垩 | n. a soft whitish calcite | 1 | 5 | 4 | *You have chalk on your face.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grass\|grass]] | /græs/ | n. 草, 草原, 牧场 | n. narrow-leaved green herbage: grown as lawns; used as pasture for grazing anim | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, Ross you’re right, I don’t know why I always thought this was real grass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exit\|exit]] | /'eksit/ | n. 出口, 退场, 离去, 去世 | n. an opening that permits escape or release | 1 | 5 | 5 | *What? Friend No. 2: You missed the exit!* |
