---
season: 3
episode: "24"
title: "The One With The Ultimate Fighting Champion"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E24 — The One With The Ultimate Fighting Champion

*Story by: Mark J. Kunerth & Pang-ni Landrum*

*Teleplay by: Scott Silveri & Shana Goldberg-Meehan*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the whole gang minus Monica is there.

**Chandler:** Do you think that there’s a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you’re driving into town there’s-there’s like a sign, and it says “You’re in Sample.” *(He says it like urine sample.)*

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey.

**All:** Hey!

**Rachel:** How’d it go with Pete?!

**Joey:** Tell us!

**Monica:** You’re not gonna believe this. Okay, so I go over...


> [!scene] Two guys walk over and interrupt her. They’re both names you’ve already heard. One’s Billy Crystal. Yes, that Billy Crystal from City Slickers. The other one is Robin Williams. Yes, that Robin Williams from Mrs. Doubtfire.

**Billy Crystal:** I’m sorry. Ex-excuse us. I’m sorry, it’s a little crowded. Do you mind if we... *(motions to the couch)*

**Robin Williams:** Yeah, could you scooch?

**Billy:** Yeah, move over just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]].

*(Rachel, Chandler, Phoebe, and Joey all scooch over to let them sit down.)*

**Robin:** Keep on scooching.


> [!scene] cut to Monica telling the gang about what happened at Pete’s

**Monica:** So guys, listen, I go over there, and umm...

*(Robin interrupts her again by complaining loudly to Billy as the camera cuts to them.)*

**Robin:** Why? Why?! What’s wrong with me?!

**Billy:** What’s the matter?

**Robin:** I have a feelin’... I, my wife is sleeping with her [[Friends-词汇总表#gynaecologist\|gynaecologist]].

*(The gang is now eaves dropping in on the conversation, and is shocked.)*

**Billy:** How do you know?

**Robin:** Well y'know, he’s got access.

**Billy:** Yeah.

**Robin:** Y'know it’s that [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] you get, y'know?

**Billy:** Like when you go [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowling]] and you know you’re in somebody else’s [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]?

**Robin:** That’s the one.


> [!scene] cut back to the gang.

**Phoebe:** All right, so, so you went to Pete’s...

**Ross:** What happened?

**Monica:** *(Robin is speaking loudly again)* I...


> [!scene] cut to Billy and Robin

**Robin:** Why is this happening to me?! I don’t know, maybe it’s my wound.


> [!scene] cut to the gang

**Monica:** Forget it. *(they all turn and listen to Billy and Robin)*

**Billy:** So it’s-it’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#heel\|heeled]] yet?

**Robin:** No-no, it’s ooozing, [[Friends-词汇总表#ooze\|oozing]]. *(to Rachel)* Could you pass me the [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]]? Is there any—Oh, there’s the cream.

**Billy:** Thomas, this is gonna be hard, but I wanted it to come from me, and nobody else.

**Robin:** What is it, Tim?

**Billy:** It’s me, I’ve been sleeping with your wife.

**Joey:** *(to Billy)* So you’re the [[Friends-词汇总表#gynaecologist\|gynaecologist]]?

**Billy:** *(to Joey)* Hey, I’m trying to have a private [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]]! Is that okay?!

**Robin:** *(starting to cry)* Ooh, *(to Rachel)* Can I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]], please? Could you please hand me a napkin? *(Rachel tries to grab one, but is to slow for his tastes.)* Would you--Give me this thing *(grabs the napkin holder from her.)* all right!! Enough! *(to Billy)* And you are no longer my friend! We are finished! *(gets up to leave)* Nada!! No more! You are a [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] for doing this!! *(Billy follows him)* Get away from me!!

**Billy:** Thomas, come back here! *(they both leave)*


> [!scene] cut to the gang, they’re all stunned

**Phoebe:** So Monica, what were you gonna tell us?

**Monica:** *(pause)* I have no idea.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.

**Rachel:** So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?

**Phoebe:** No-no-no oh, keep your name, don’t take his name.

**Monica:** He didn’t ask me to marry him.

**All:** Ohh.

**Phoebe:** Well then definately don’t take his name.

**Monica:** He wanted to tell me he’s gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#compete\|compete]] is some [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimate\|ultimate]] fighting competition [[Friends-词汇总表#thingy\|thingy]].

**The Guys:** Pete?!

**Rachel:** Why?! What is it?

**Monica:** I don’t know exactly. It’s-it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] like [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestling]].

**Phoebe:** *(intrigued)* Oh?!

**Monica:** Yeah, but without the [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costumes]].

**Phoebe:** *(disappointed)* Oh.

**Joey:** And it’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]], it’s totally [[Friends-词汇总表#brutal\|brutal]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, it’s two guys in a ring, and the rules are: “They’re are no rules.”

**Monica:** So you can like, [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]], and pull people’s hair and stuff?

**Ross:** Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye [[Friends-词汇总表#gouge\|gouging]] and fish [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooking]].

**Monica:** What’s fish [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooking]]?

**Ross:** Huh, what’s fish [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooking]]... *(Joey sticks his finger in Ross’s mouth and pulls on his cheek, y'know like when you hook a fish.)* *(to Joey, sarcastic)* Thanks man, that would have been really hard to [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]]. What is that [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]]?

**Joey:** What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]].


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s office, he is just finishing a meeting with his boss.

**Doug:** So thanks for the [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] welcome. It’s good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play. I hope you do too. Now, let’s go out there and get ‘em! Huh? And remember, there is no ‘I’ in team.

**Chandler:** Yes, but there’s two in [[Friends-词汇总表#martini\|martini]], soo everybody back to my office.

**Doug:** *(to Chandler)* You! Chuckles! What’s your name?

**Chandler:** Oh it’s Bing, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]. I’m sorry , I was just ah...

**Doug:** No-no, I heard what you said, funny. I like funny. *(Chandler starts to leave)* This team is about hard work, but it’s also about having fun. Good to have you [[Friends-词汇总表#aboard\|aboard]] Bing! *(smacks him on the butt, and Chandler leaves shocked.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is making reservations.

**Ross:** *(on phone)* That’s right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six. *(listens)* Thank you. *(hangs up)* *(to the gang)* Yeah, we have the [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservations]].

**Rachel:** Yes!!

**Chandler:** All right buddy, way to go! *(smacks him on the butt)*

**Ross:** *(stunned)* Dude, what are you doing?

**Chandler:** Thank you! Today, my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] keep [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slapping]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] and he was acting like it was no big deal.

**Phoebe:** Yeesh, what’d you do about it?

**Chandler:** Well, I didn’t do anything. I didn’t want to be the guy who has a problem with his [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slapping]] his bottom.

**Monica:** I gotta tell ya, I think it’s okay to be that guy.

**Joey:** Yeah, maybe it’s like y'know, that [[Friends-词汇总表#jock\|jock]] thing. Y'know how football players [[Friends-词汇总表#pat\|pat]] each other after [[Friends-词汇总表#touchdown\|touchdowns]]. *(pats Ross on the butt)*

*(Ross throws his hands out in a “What are you doing?” gesture)*

**Rachel:** Y'know I don’t, I don’t understand guys, I mean I-I would never [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulate\|congratulate]] Monica on a great [[Friends-词汇总表#stew\|stew]] by y'know, grabbin’ her [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, I know, for a really great [[Friends-词汇总表#stew\|stew]] you just y'know, stick your head in between ‘em.

**Monica:** Okay, can we please go eat?

**Joey:** Yeah. What are we getting?

**Monica:** *(to Chandler)* Anything but [[Friends-词汇总表#stew\|stew]].

**Ross:** All right so, Chandler, from now on, don’t give your [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don’t turn your back to him.

**Joey:** Yeah, or you can [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] him a [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]]. Y'know? What you could do is you could [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] something that really smells on your [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]], all right? Then, when he goes to [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] ya, his hand will smell. *(thinking aloud)* Now what could you [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] that would smell bad?

**Chandler:** *(to Ross and Monica)* What if Joey were president?

*(Monica, Ross, Chandler, and Joey exit.)*

**Phoebe:** Umm, hey Rach, can I ask you something?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date?

**Rachel:** Oh, ah with who?

**Phoebe:** Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you’re not cool with it...

**Rachel:** Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?

**Phoebe:** You remember her from my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] party two years ago. She’s yeah, like, average [[Friends-词汇总表#height\|height]], medium build, [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]]...

**Rachel:** Oh! *(laughs)* That’s fine.

**Phoebe:** Great! Okay, good for you! *(as they leave she slaps Rachel on the butt)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Gym, Pete is training for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, with his trainer, Hoshi.

**Hoshi:** You are iron. You are steel! Let me ask you something, how come when I call your computer support line, I have to wait an hour and a half?

**Pete:** I told you, we’re adding new [[Friends-词汇总表#operator\|operators]] all the time. Could we [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|training]]?

**Hoshi:** It’s just hard when I know I have e-mail I can’t get!

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Pete:** Monica! *(runs over and kisses her)* Hi honey.

**Hoshi:** All right, on the table. *(Pete gets on the table for his rubdown)*

**Monica:** Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimate\|ultimate]] fighting thing and it, well it sounds really [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerous\|dangerous]]. I-I don’t want you to get hurt, ‘cause I kinda like you.

**Pete:** Oh, believe me, I don’t want to get hurt either. I’m being smart about this. See these guys? They’re the best [[Friends-词汇总表#trainer\|trainers]] in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid [[Friends-词汇总表#assassin\|assassin]]. *(Hoshi yells at him in Chinese)* A house [[Friends-词汇总表#painter\|painter]]! He used to be a house painter.

**Monica:** Promise me you’ll be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]].

**Pete:** I promise.

**Monica:** Hey, are we still on for tonight?

**Pete:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Okay, good, ‘cause umm, well maybe we could have a little [[Friends-词汇总表#workout\|workout]] of our own...

**Hoshi:** No! No [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]]-boom before big fight!

**Monica:** How ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] just a [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there with Bonnie, as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** *(to Phoebe)* Well that was [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressing]], I think I just bought a soft [[Friends-词汇总表#pretzel\|pretzel]] from one of the kids from Fame. Ready to go to the movies?

**Phoebe:** Um-hmm. Oh wait! This is Bonnie. *(who has hair by the way)*

**Bonnie:** Hi!

**Rachel:** This is Bonnie? *(to Phoebe)* This is Bonnie? *(to Bonnie)* You’re Bonnie?

**Bonnie:** I can show you an ID if you want?

**Rachel:** Oh no, I’m sorry, you look a lot different from the last time I-I saw you.

**Bonnie:** Oh yeah, well I just started wearing [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bras]] again.

**Rachel:** Oh, that must be it.

**Phoebe:** *(to Bonnie)* Well I hope you have fun tonight.

**Bonnie:** Thanks! You too.

*(Phoebe starts to leave, Rachel slowly follows, shocked about how good Bonnie looks now.)*


> [!scene] cut to outside of Central Perk

**Rachel:** *(to Phoebe)* You said she was [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah, she was [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]], she’s not now.

**Rachel:** How could you not tell me that she has hair?

**Phoebe:** I don’t know, I [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] ever say that about people.

**Rachel:** *(looks in the window)* Ohh, well, this is just perfect!

**Phoebe:** Well I’m sorry, I thought you said it was okay.

**Rachel:** Yeah, I said what was okay when I thought she was some weird [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]]. I mean, y'know, that girl has hair got all over head!

**Phoebe:** Well, maybe it won’t work out. Maybe Ross won’t like her [[Friends-词汇总表#personality\|personality]].

**Rachel:** Why, does she have a bad [[Friends-词汇总表#personality\|personality]]?

**Phoebe:** Oh no, Bonnie’s the best!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s office, Chandler is bent over getting some water as his boss approaches.

**Doug:** Bing! *(Chandler stands bolt upright and turns around to face him.)* Read your Computech [[Friends-词汇总表#proposal\|proposal]], a real [[Friends-词汇总表#homerun\|homerun]]. *(He goes to slap his butt, but Chandler slides over making him miss.)* Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. Come on. *(Chandler goes over)* Wham! *(slaps him on the butt)* Good one. That was a good one. *(to a couple of Chandler’s co-workers)* Keep at it team. *(goes into his office)*

**Chandler:** *(to his co-workers)* What is with him?

**Phil:** With him? You’re is [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]], you’re his guy!

**Stevens:** We never get [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smacked]].

**Chandler:** Well, that’s not true, he-he [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smacked]] you once.

**Phil:** Not on purpose, he [[Friends-词汇总表#ricochet\|ricocheted]] of you and got me.

**Stevens:** I’m telling you, I need some [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smacks]]. I got a kid starting Dartmouth in the fall.

**Doug:** *(coming out of his office)* Dartmouth? Who went to Dartmouth? Dartmouth sucks. Did you go to Dartmouth Bing?

**Chandler:** No [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Doug:** There you go. *(smacks him on the butt)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Ultimate Fighting Championship, Ross and Monica are there watching Pete.

**Ross:** *(walking up with this huge tub-o-popcorn and drink)* Hey!

**Monica:** God Ross, what is that?

**Ross:** Yeah, it’s the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cents]], plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!

**Announcer:** From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship [[Friends-词汇总表#debut\|debut]]! He’s known for his [[Friends-词汇总表#confrontational\|confrontational]] business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introducing]] Pete Beck-errrr!!


> [!scene] Pete enters with his entourage all pumped up, and Ross and Monica are the only ones who stand up and cheer.

**Monica:** I love you, Pete!!!

**Announcer:** And his [[Friends-词汇总表#opponent\|opponent]], from Hunnington Beach, California! He’s a 300 [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] street [[Friends-词汇总表#fighter\|fighter]], Tank Abbottttttt!!!!

*(The crowd goes wild, and Ross is the only one boo-ing him.)*

**Monica:** *(going up to the ring)* Pete! Pete!! That guy’s pretty huge!

**Pete:** Don’t worry, Hoshi [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] me how to use an [[Friends-词汇总表#opponent\|opponent]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] and weight against him.

**Ross:** Well, then that guy is in serious, serious [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]].

*(Pete and Monica kiss, and Monica mouths “I love you.” to him.)*

**Ross:** All right! You go get him! Let’s go!

**Referee:** Here we go [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]], here we go! *(to Tank Abbott)* Are you ready? *(He nods, and takes out his teeth)* *(to Pete)* Are you ready? *(Pete nods, “Yes.”)* Let’s get it on!!

*(They both rush each other. Tank picks Pete up and carries him over and slams him into the fence surrounding the ring.)*

**Pete:** Uh-oh.

*(Tank carries Pete over to the other side of the ring, and we see both Ross and Monica wince in pain.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Arena, after the fight. Monica is walking up to a defeated Pete.

**Monica:** Hey! *(she sits down next to him)* It’s me. Mon-i-ca! Can I just tell you how [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] I am of you.

**Pete:** It would be nice after hearing 20,000 people [[Friends-词汇总表#chant\|chant]] “You suck!”

**Monica:** I mean I-I thought you were [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]] at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at this thing with no [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regrets]].

**Pete:** What, look back?

**Monica:** Well, you’re not gonna get going are you?

**Pete:** Well let me ask you a question. Am I the Ultimate Fighting Champion?

**Monica:** Well, no. But...

**Pete:** Well I’m not gonna stop until I’m the Ultimate Fighting Champion.

**Monica:** That guy stood on your [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] until you passed out!

**Pete:** Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened [[Friends-词汇总表#overnight\|overnight]]? No. There was Moss 1, that [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burnt]] down my Dad’s [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]], there was Moss 2 that would only schedule [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointments]] in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]].

**Monica:** You didn’t know that already?

**Pete:** Look, I’m gonna get better. Okay? I promise you.

**Monica:** Okay, just get a lot better. *(pause)* Fast.

**Pete:** Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being [[Friends-词汇总表#ringside\|ringside]] may have [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affected]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#concentration\|concentration]].

**Monica:** Yeah. That-that was the problem.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's balcony, Ross and Phoebe are grilling some burgers and hot dogs.

**Monica:** *(joining them)* Hey.

**Ross:** Hey! How long until Pete’s fight?

**Monica:** Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his [[Friends-词汇总表#opponent\|opponent]]. Apparently he [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|trains]] by going to Iran and pulling the [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]] off [[Friends-词汇总表#thieve\|thieves]].

**Ross:** Hot dog?

**Monica:** Four, please. *(Ross looks at her)* I’m really [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]. *(Ross gives her the four dogs)* Thank you. *(she grabs four buns, and heads back inside)*

**Phoebe:** So Ross, how umm, how did it go with Bonnie?

**Ross:** What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn’t expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn’t expecting to like anyone right now, but she’s really [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]].

**Phoebe:** Ohh, that’s too bad!

**Ross:** No, I-I’m saying I liked her.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, y'know what, there are other fish in the sea.

**Ross:** Pheebs, I think she’s great. Okay? We’re going out again.

**Phoebe:** Okay, I hear you! Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#capable\|capable]] of talking about any thing else?

**Chandler:** *(joining them)* Hey! Which one’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] [[Friends-词汇总表#burger\|burger]]?

**Ross:** Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry.

**Joey:** *(sticking his head out the window)* Hey, the fight’s starting!

**Ross:** Okay, we’ll be right in. *(to Chandler)* So ah, did your [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] try to [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] you again today?

**Chandler:** Nine times! Okay, I had to put on [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]]! But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#conduct\|conducting]] an [[Friends-词汇总表#experiment\|experiment]], and if all goes as planned, my [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] will be [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] free.

**Joey:** *(sticking his head out the window)* Fight’s over!

*(Chandler, Ross, and Phoebe all stop dead in their tracks at the news.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s office, Chandler is confronting his boss about the butt smacking thing. His boss is writing on a white board.

**Chandler:** Excuse me, Doug? *(no reaction)* Hey there sports fan!!

**Doug:** *(turning around)* Bing! You got those numbers for me?

**Chandler:** No, I ah, I didn’t do them.

**Doug:** Oh, you forgot?

**Chandler:** No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]] so I [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] any [[Friends-词汇总表#praise\|praise]], [[Friends-词汇总表#verbal\|verbal]] or otherwise.

**Doug:** Well, I got [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tanked]] myself last night. Pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#dicey\|dicey]] drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]]. *(laughs)* That’s okay, you’re still my number one guy! *(slaps him on the butt)* Bing!

**Chandler:** Doug!!

**Doug:** Hmm.

**Chandler:** I’m a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] with the that way you express yourself.

**Doug:** Oh, is it the [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swearing]]? I mean is it the [[Friends-词汇总表#constant\|constant]] swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass!

**Chandler:** No, no. It-it’s not about the [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swearing]], it’s more about ah, the way, that you ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#occasionally\|occasionally]], [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]], your [[Friends-词汇总表#enthusiasm\|enthusiasm]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#buttock\|buttock]].

**Doug:** Oh?

**Chandler:** Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#sentiment\|sentiment]]. It’s just that I, I have a rather, [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] [[Friends-词汇总表#posterior\|posterior]], and ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]], it’s making all the other guys [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]].

**Doug:** Well, say no more. Y'know it takes [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|guts]] to bring this up. Bing! You’re okay.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(he starts to leave)*

**Doug:** Ha! *(goes to smack him on the butt, but stops, faking Chandler out)* Ahhhhhhh!

**Chandler:** Ahhhhh! *(walks out, imitating shooting himself in the head)*


> [!scene] Scene: The street outside Central Perk, Rachel and Phoebe are talking and walking.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a [[Friends-词汇总表#sweaty\|sweaty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]], or inside his shower [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]]?

**Rachel:** *(seeing Ross and Bonnie inside Central Perk)* Oh my God! Phoebe look, it’s Ross and that girl.

*(We see Ross and Bonnie laughing and having a good time.)*

**Phoebe:** No! No! Look at that! *(drags her away from the window)* It’s a line of [[Friends-词汇总表#ant\|ants]]! They’re working as a team!

**Rachel:** Phoebe! *(goes back to the window)*

**Phoebe:** *(looking in the window)* Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let’s go.

**Rachel:** Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that’s, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that’s what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his [[Friends-词汇总表#thigh\|thigh]]...

**Phoebe:** Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very [[Friends-词汇总表#sexually\|sexually]] [[Friends-词汇总表#aggressive\|aggressive]].

**Rachel:** Ohh! *(walking away from the window)* Phoebe, this is all your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]! Now he loves her, he’s gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.

**Phoebe:** You said it was okay!

**Rachel:** You said she was [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]]!!

**Phoebe:** What?! What-what-what-what-what?!!

**Rachel:** Phoebe, we can’t, we just can’t just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]] her head! You [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me one [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]] girl!!

**Phoebe:** Okay, first of all, [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]]. Second of all, I don’t get it. Aren’t you the one that [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] that you didn’t want to be with Ross?

**Rachel:** *(quietly)* Yes.

**Phoebe:** Well isn’t he your friend? Don’t you want him to be happy?

**Rachel:** Yes.

**Phoebe:** So?

**Rachel:** I just y'know, I didn’t expect him to be this happy so soon. Ufff. Ooo-ooh! *(sits down on the curb)*

**Phoebe:** *(sits down next to her and hugs her)* Oh no.

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** Oh, we killed them all.

**Rachel:** Oh!

*(They both jump up and wipe off their butts.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A locker room, Pete is in a full upper-body cast. Monica enters, sees him, and gasps. Pete tries to turn around, and winces in pain.

**Pete:** It’s okay, it’s not as bad as it looks, it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#precaution\|precaution]]. Ah, I’m not supposed to move my [[Friends-词汇总表#spine\|spine]].

**Monica:** Please tell me you’re stopping now.

**Pete:** I’m fine! I’d fight tonight, if they’d let me. *(stands up and starts swinging his arms)* See this [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] I’m marking off here? This is my zone of [[Friends-词汇总表#terror\|terror]].

**Monica:** You are [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]! You-you gotta give this up!

**Pete:** I can’t until I’m the [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimate\|ultimate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fighter\|fighter]]. I will do it. I’m telling you, the day will come when children will [[Friends-词汇总表#argue\|argue]] over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I’m not saying I could [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.

**Monica:** Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimate\|ultimate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fighter\|fighter]] ever! Ever!!

**Pete:** Y'know I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|torn]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rotator\|rotator]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cuff\|cuff]], a [[Friends-词汇总表#hairline\|hairline]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fracture\|fracture]] in my right [[Friends-词汇总表#forearm\|forearm]], and a [[Friends-词汇总表#severely\|severely]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bruise\|bruised]] Adam’s Apple, but that really hurt.

**Monica:** Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you’re gonna have to do it without me.

**Pete:** Well if you’re asking me to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]], then you’re asking me to be someone I’m not. I’ve got to do this.

**Monica:** Then I’ve gotta go. Bye. *(kisses him and starts to walk out)*

**Pete:** Mon-Monica?

**Monica:** Yes?

**Pete:** Could you leave a note? ‘Cause I’m on a lot of pain [[Friends-词汇总表#killer\|killers]] now, and I don’t know if I’ll remember this tomorrow. *(She leaves.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s office, he is just finishing up a meeting with his boss and the rest of his team.

**Doug:** So, in [[Friends-词汇总表#conclusion\|conclusion]], the lines all go up *(points to the chart)*, so I’m happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. *(They start to leave)* Phil! Nice job. *(smacks him on the butt)* Stevens! Way to go! *(smacks him on the butt)* Joel-burg, you [[Friends-词汇总表#maniac\|maniac]]! I love ya! *(smacks him on the butt)* *(Chandler walks up)* Bing! Good job, couldn’t have done it without ya. *(he shakes his hand)*

**Chandler:** Thank you, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Stevens:** *(coming back in)* Oh, excuse me. I forgot my [[Friends-词汇总表#briefcase\|briefcase]] y'know, by [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]].

**Doug:** Of course, you did. Forgot something else too ya [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]]! *(smacks him on the butt)* *(to Chandler)* Well, what about you? You’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] left out or anything are ya?

**Chandler:** No. No, not at all, that’s-that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]].

**Doug:** Everybody else got one, and you want one too. Don’t you?

**Chandler:** Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!

**Doug:** Now get on out of here, you! *(smacks him on the butt)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is watching Pete fight on TV. Monica is hiding in the kitchen, not watching.] TV Announcer: Pete Becker is circling the ring now. It looks like, he’s just trying to feel him out. Oh, Bruiser is just...

**Chandler:** Run! Run you crazy, rich freak!

**Rachel:** Oh, I can’t watch this. *(turns her eyes away)*

**Joey:** Check it out, he’s winning! *(to Monica)* Pete’s winning!

**Monica:** Really?!

**Joey:** No-o-o!! TV Announcer: Uh-oh, Bruiser has Becker on the [[Friends-词汇总表#canvas\|canvas]] and is going for his [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] area.

**All:** Oh! Oh! *(they all recoil in horror)*

**Phoebe:** Wait, if that’s his [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] area, why is he being so mean to it?

**Ross:** Well, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]]. Of your last two boyfriends, Richard didn’t want to have kids, and from the looks of it, now Pete can’t.

**All:** Ohh!! *(they all start pointing at the screen)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（28）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 8 | 155 | 54 | *Oh it’s Bing, sir. I’m sorry , I was just ah...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 7 | 102 | 59 | *No! No boom-boom before big fight!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 4 | 130 | 89 | *Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 3 | 279 | 145 | *And it’s not fake, it’s totally brutal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 3 | 115 | 81 | *Promise me you’ll be careful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *Oh, you forgot?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *I have a feelin’... I, my wife is sleeping with her gynaecologist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *What happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *He didn’t ask me to marry him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that reall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, Doug?  Hey there sports fan!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Ooh,  Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin?  Would you--Give me this thing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *I don’t know exactly. It’s-it’s sorta like wrestling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *So you can like, bite, and pull people’s hair and stuff?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between ‘em.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Okay, can we please go eat?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren’t to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Oh yeah, well I just started wearing bras again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Yeah, I said what was okay when I thought she was some weird bald chick. I mean, y'know, that girl h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *I’m telling you, I need some smacks. I got a kid starting Dartmouth in the fall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Dartmouth? Who went to Dartmouth? Dartmouth sucks. Did you go to Dartmouth Bing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He’s known for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Don’t worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent’s strength and weight against him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?* |

### 常用词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]] | /bɒ:ld/ | a. 秃头的, 光秃的, 单调的, 赤裸的 | v. grow bald; lose hair on one's head | 6 | 16 | 11 | *You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She’s yeah, like, average height, medium buil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 4 | 78 | 41 | *Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 4 | 69 | 43 | *Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 3 | 33 | 26 | *Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 3 | 70 | 43 | *Oh it’s Bing, sir. I’m sorry , I was just ah...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 3 | 21 | 16 | *With him? You’re is favourite, you’re his guy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 3 | 62 | 47 | *Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 2 | 32 | 22 | *No-no, it’s ooozing, oozing.  Could you pass me the cream? Is there any—Oh, there’s the cream.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 2 | 27 | 24 | *Ooh,  Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin?  Would you--Give me this thing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] | /slæp/ | n. 掴, 掌击, 侮辱, 拍击声 | n. a blow from a flat object (as an open hand) | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 2 | 26 | 22 | *Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that reall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren’t to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 2 | 25 | 20 | *From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He’s known for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] | /nek/ | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈 | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 2 | 21 | 17 | *That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 2 | 81 | 49 | *Ohh!  Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he’s gonna marry her, and this is all your f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Like when you go bowling and you know you’re in somebody else’s shoes?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Hey, I’m trying to have a private conversation! Is that okay?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] | /'sɔ:tә/ | adv. 有几分地 |  | 1 | 20 | 15 | *I don’t know exactly. It’s-it’s sorta like wrestling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Yeah, but without the costumes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *And it’s not fake, it’s totally brutal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *So you can like, bite, and pull people’s hair and stuff?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Huh, what’s fish hooking...   Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 1 | 63 | 32 | *What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1 | 37 | 22 | *What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *So thanks for the warm welcome. It’s good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play. I hope yo* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 1 | 42 | 29 | *Yes, but there’s two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservation]] | /.rezә'veiʃәn/ | n. 保留, 预定, 保留品, 保留地 | n. a district that is reserved for particular purpose | 1 | 20 | 14 | *That’s right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six.  Thank you.   Yeah, we have the reservations.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 1 | 27 | 18 | *Y'know I don’t, I don’t understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that reall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] | /'lesn/ | n. 课, 课业, 教训 | n. a unit of instruction | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that reall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1 | 152 | 44 | *You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She’s yeah, like, average height, medium buil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerous\|dangerous]] | /'deindʒәrәs/ | a. 危险的 | a. involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Promise me you’ll be careful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depress]] | /di'pres/ | vt. 使沮丧, 压低, 降低, 使萧条 | v. lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from Fame. Ready* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 1 | 46 | 20 | *Oh yeah, well I just started wearing bras again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] | /'hɑ:dli/ | adv. 刚刚, 几乎不, 勉强是 | r. almost not | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I don’t know, I hardly ever say that about people.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 1 | 40 | 22 | *Yeah, I said what was okay when I thought she was some weird bald chick. I mean, y'know, that girl h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Bing!  Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun.  Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] | /'θә:ti/ | num. 三十, 三十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and three | 1 | 34 | 18 | *Yeah, it’s the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cent]] | /sent/ | n. 分 | n. a fractional monetary unit of several countries | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Yeah, it’s the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yeah, it’s the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He’s known for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He’s a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] | /tæŋk/ | n. 槽, 箱, 柜, 罐, 池塘, 储水池, 坦克 | n. an enclosed armored military vehicle; has a cannon and moves on caterpillar t | 1 | 14 | 10 | *And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He’s a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *Hey!  It’s me. Mon-i-ca! Can I just tell you how proud I am of you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] | /ri'gret/ | n. 遗憾, 后悔, 悔恨, 抱歉, 歉意 | v. feel sad about the loss or absence of | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Four, please.  I’m really nervous.  Thank you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] | /tә'rifik/ | a. 非常好的, 极端的, 可怕的 | s. very great or intense | 1 | 20 | 18 | *What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn’t expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn’t expect* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 1 | 51 | 20 | *Hey! Which one’s my turkey burger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 1 | 32 | 24 | *Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m conduc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]] |  | a. 较小, 更小的 | s. small or little relative to something else | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *I’m a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It’s just that I, I have a rather, sensitive* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It’s just that I, I have a rather, sensitive* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It’s just that I, I have a rather, sensitive* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|gut]] | /gʌt/ | n. 剧情, 内容, 内脏, 肚子, 海峡, 勇气 | n. a narrow channel or strait | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well, say no more. Y'know it takes guts to bring this up. Bing! You’re okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] | /'dʒaiәnt/ | n. 巨人, 大力士, 巨大怪物 | n. any creature of exceptional size | 1 | 36 | 27 | *Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?* |

### 低频词（89）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimate\|ultimate]] | /'ʌltimit/ | n. 终极, 根本, 顶点, 基本原则 | n. the finest or most superior quality of its kind | 8 | 13 | 5 | *He wanted to tell me he’s gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bonnie\|bonnie]] | /'bɒni/ | a. 漂亮的 | s very pleasing to the eye | 8 | 18 | 3 | *Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren’t to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dartmouth\|dartmouth]] | /'dɑ:tmәθ/ | n. 达特茅斯（英国港口） | n a college in New Hampshire | 5 | 5 | 1 | *I’m telling you, I need some smacks. I got a kid starting Dartmouth in the fall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stew\|stew]] | /stju:/ | n. 炖, 烦恼, 热浴, 妓院, 鱼塘 | n. food prepared by stewing especially meat or fish with vegetables | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Y'know I don’t, I don’t understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew * |
| hoshi |  | [网络] 星；星星；保志 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Oh, believe me, I don’t want to get hurt either. I’m being smart about this. See these guys? They’re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opponent\|opponent]] | /ә'pәunәnt/ | n. 对手, 敌手, 反对者 | s. characterized by active hostility | 3 | 4 | 2 | *And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He’s a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fighter\|fighter]] | /'faitә/ | n. 斗士, 战士, 好战者, 战斗机 | n. a high-speed military or naval airplane designed to destroy enemy aircraft in | 3 | 4 | 2 | *And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He’s a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moss\|moss]] | /mɒs/ | n. 苔藓, 泥沼 | n. tiny leafy-stemmed flowerless plants | 3 | 7 | 4 | *Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gynaecologist\|gynaecologist]] | /,^aini'kɔlәdʒist,,dʒai-/ | n. 妇科医生 | n a specialist in gynecology | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I have a feelin’... I, my wife is sleeping with her gynaecologist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] | /'næpkin/ | n. 餐巾, 餐巾纸, 尿布 | n. a small piece of table linen that is used to wipe the mouth and to cover the  | 2 | 12 | 9 | *Ooh,  Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin?  Would you--Give me this thing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#becker\|becker]] |  | n. 贝克尔（美国经济学家） | n. A European fish (Pagellus centrodontus); the sea bream or | 2 | 4 | 3 | *So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ryder\|ryder]] |  | n. 瑞得（男子名） | n. A clause added to a document; a rider. See Rider. | 2 | 3 | 2 | *That’s right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six.  Thank you.   Yeah, we have the reservations.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] | /smæk/ | n. 风味, 滋味, 少量, 拍击声, 咂嘴声, 小渔船, 海洛因 | n. a sailing ship (usually rigged like a sloop or cutter) used in fishing and sa | 2 | 8 | 7 | *Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that reall* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]] | /'kɒnsәntreit/ | n. 浓缩, 精选 | n. a concentrated form of a foodstuff; the bulk is reduced by removing water | 2 | 7 | 6 | *I told you, we’re adding new operators all the time. Could we concentrate on my training?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#painter\|painter]] | /'peintә/ | n. 画家, 油漆匠 | n. an artist who paints | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh, believe me, I don’t want to get hurt either. I’m being smart about this. See these guys? They’re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#personality\|personality]] | /.pә:sә'næliti/ | n. 个性, 人格, (团体、地方、国家)特有特性, 名人 | n. the complex of all the attributes--behavioral, temperamental, emotional and m | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Well, maybe it won’t work out. Maybe Ross won’t like her personality.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champion\|champion]] | /'tʃæmpiәn/ | n. 冠军, 拥护者, 战士 | n. someone who has won first place in a competition | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Well let me ask you a question. Am I the Ultimate Fighting Champion?* |
| doug |  | n. 道格 |  | 2 | 10 | 4 | *Excuse me, Doug?  Hey there sports fan!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#superman\|superman]] | /'sju:pәmæn/ | n. 具有超人能力的人, 超人 | n a person with great powers and abilities | 2 | 5 | 3 | *I can’t until I’m the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I’m telling you, the day will come when childr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#missouri\|missouri]] | /mi'zuәri/ | n. 密苏里州 | n. a midwestern state in central United States; a border state during the Americ | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Do you think that there’s a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you’re driving * |
| scooching |  | [网络] 扫帚 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Keep on scooching.* |
| feelin |  | [网络] 分类 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I have a feelin’... I, my wife is sleeping with her gynaecologist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heel\|heel]] | /hi:l/ | n. 脚后跟, 踵, 后部, 倾侧 | n. the bottom of a shoe or boot; the back part of a shoe or boot that touches th | 1 | 6 | 6 | *So it’s-it’s not heeled yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ooze\|ooze]] | /u:z/ | n. 渗流, 分泌物 | n any thick, viscous matter | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no, it’s ooozing, oozing.  Could you pass me the cream? Is there any—Oh, there’s the cream.* |
| tim | /tim/ | n. 蒂姆（男子名） |  | 1 | 11 | 4 | *What is it, Tim?* |
| nada | /'nædә/ | abbr. 美国汽车经销商联合会（the National Automobile Dealers Association | n a quantity of no importance | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh,  Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin?  Would you--Give me this thing* |
| definately |  | [网络] 千万 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well then definately don’t take his name.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compete\|compete]] | /kәm'pi:t/ | vi. 竞争, 对抗 | v. compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others | 1 | 5 | 5 | *He wanted to tell me he’s gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thingy\|thingy]] | /'θiŋi/ | 物(体)的, 物质的, 实际的 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *He wanted to tell me he’s gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestle]] | /'resl/ | n. 摔跤, 角力, 扭斗 | n. the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat | 1 | 7 | 5 | *I don’t know exactly. It’s-it’s sorta like wrestling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brutal\|brutal]] | /'bru:tәl/ | a. 残忍的, 野蛮的, 不讲理的 | s. harsh | 1 | 4 | 4 | *And it’s not fake, it’s totally brutal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gouge\|gouge]] | /gaudʒ/ | n. 圆凿, 用圆凿凿成的槽, 挖, 掘 | n. and edge tool with a blade like a trough for cutting channels or grooves | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] | /di'skraib/ | vt. 描述, 描绘, 画 | v. give a description of | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Huh, what’s fish hooking...   Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#martini\|martini]] | /mɑ:'ti:ni/ | n. 马提尼（一种鸡尾酒, 等于Martini） | n. a cocktail made of gin (or vodka) with dry vermouth | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yes, but there’s two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chuckle\|chuckle]] | /'tʃʌkl/ | n. 咯咯的笑声, 轻笑 | v. laugh quietly or with restraint | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You! Chuckles! What’s your name?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aboard\|aboard]] | /ә'bɒ:d/ | adv. 在船上, 在火车上, 在飞机上 | r. on a ship, train, plane or other vehicle | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No-no, I heard what you said, funny. I like funny.  This team is about hard work, but it’s also abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wynona\|wynona]] |  | [地名] [美国] 怀诺纳 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six.  Thank you.   Yeah, we have the reservations.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jock\|jock]] | /dʒɔk/ | n. 苏格兰高原地方的士兵；[美俚]（大学）运动员；乔克（男子名） | n a person trained to compete in sports | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, maybe it’s like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pat\|pat]] | /pæt/ | n. 轻拍 | n. the sound made by a gentle blow | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Yeah, maybe it’s like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#touchdown\|touchdown]] | /'tʌtʃdaun/ | n. 触地, 触地得分, 着地 | n. a score in American football; being in possession of the ball across the oppo | 1 | 9 | 2 | *Yeah, maybe it’s like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulate\|congratulate]] | /kәn'grætʃәleit/ | vt. 祝贺, 庆贺 | v. express congratulations | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y'know I don’t, I don’t understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew * |
| grabbin |  | [网络] 抓住 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know I don’t, I don’t understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#height\|height]] | /hait/ | n. 高度, 海拔, 高地, 顶点 | n. the vertical dimension of extension; distance from the base of something to t | 1 | 11 | 6 | *You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She’s yeah, like, average height, medium buil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#operator\|operator]] | /'ɒpәreitә/ | n. 操作员, 行家, 经纪人, 算子, 运算符 | n. (mathematics) a symbol or function representing a mathematical operation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I told you, we’re adding new operators all the time. Could we concentrate on my training?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trainer\|trainer]] | /'treinә/ | n. 训练员, 驯马师 | n. one who trains other persons or animals | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, believe me, I don’t want to get hurt either. I’m being smart about this. See these guys? They’re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assassin\|assassin]] | /ә'sæsin/ | n. 暗杀者, 刺客 | n. a murderer (especially one who kills a prominent political figure) who kills  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, believe me, I don’t want to get hurt either. I’m being smart about this. See these guys? They’re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#workout\|workout]] | /'wә:kaut/ | n. 试验, 试用, 锻炼 | n the activity of exerting your muscles in various ways to keep fit | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, good, ‘cause umm, well maybe we could have a little workout of our own...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] | /baut/ | n. 一回, 回合, 较量 | n. a period of illness | 1 | 10 | 9 | *How ‘bout just a boom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]] | /bu:m/ | n. 繁荣, 隆隆声 | n. a deep prolonged loud noise | 1 | 11 | 8 | *No! No boom-boom before big fight!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretzel\|pretzel]] | /'pretsәl/ | n. 椒盐卷饼, (美)(非正式)法国号 | n. glazed and salted cracker typically in the shape of a loose knot | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from Fame. Ready* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fame\|fame]] | /feim/ | n. 名望, 名声, 传说 | n. the state or quality of being widely honored and acclaimed | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from Fame. Ready* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proposal\|proposal]] | /prә'pәuzl/ | n. 提议, 计划, 求婚 | n. something proposed (such as a plan or assumption) | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Bing!  Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun.  Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homerun\|homerun]] |  | 跑吧！孩子 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Bing!  Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun.  Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wham\|wham]] | /hwæm/ | n. 重打声 | v hit hard | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Bing!  Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun.  Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ricochet\|ricochet]] | /.rikә'ʃei/ | n. 跳飞, 跳弹 | n. a glancing rebound | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Not on purpose, he ricocheted of you and got me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#combo\|combo]] | /'kɒmbәu/ | n. 小型爵士乐团 | n a small band of jazz musicians | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, it’s the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#championship\|championship]] | /'tʃæmpiәnʃip/ | n. 冠军身份, 冠军称号, 捍卫 | n. the status of being a champion | 1 | 2 | 2 | *From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He’s known for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#debut\|debut]] | /'deibju:/ | n. 初次登台, 开张 | n. the presentation of a debutante in society | 1 | 1 | 1 | *From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He’s known for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confrontational\|confrontational]] | /ˌkɒnfrʌnˈteɪʃnl/ | a. 挑衅的 | a. of or relating to confrontation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He’s known for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] | /streŋθ/ | n. 力量, 实力, 强度, 浓度, 人数, 抵抗力 | n. the property of being physically or mentally strong | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Don’t worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent’s strength and weight against him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chant\|chant]] | /tʃænt. tʃɑ:nt/ | n. 圣歌, 赞美诗 | n. a repetitive song in which as many syllables as necessary are assigned to a s | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It would be nice after hearing 20,000 people chant “You suck!”* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overnight\|overnight]] | /'әuvәnait/ | n. 前一天晚上, 一夜的逗留 | r. during or for the length of one night | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]] | /gә'rɑ:ʒ. 'gærɑ:ʒ/ | n. 车库, 汽车修理厂, 机库 | n. an outbuilding (or part of a building) for housing automobiles | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ringside\|ringside]] |  | a. 紧靠比赛场的 | n. first row of seating; has an unobstructed view of a boxing or wrestling ring | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] | /ә'fekt/ | vt. 影响, 感动, 假装, 模仿, 爱好, 倾向于 | n. the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concentration\|concentration]] | /.kɒnsәn'treiʃәn/ | n. 集中, 专心 | n. the strength of a solution; number of molecules of a substance in a given vol | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#iran\|iran]] | /i'rɑ:n/ | n. 伊朗 | n. a theocratic Islamic republic in the Middle East in western Asia; Iran was th | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thieve\|thieve]] | /θi:v/ | vt. 偷, 行窃 | v take by theft | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#capable\|capable]] | /'keipәbl/ | a. 有能力的, 能的, 能干的 | a. (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burger\|burger]] | /'bә:ɡә/ | n. 汉堡包（等于hamburger） | n. United States jurist appointed chief justice of the United States Supreme Cou | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Hey! Which one’s my turkey burger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]] | /'lәuʃәn/ | n. 洗液 | n. any of various cosmetic preparations that are applied to the skin | 1 | 12 | 6 | *Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m conduc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conduct\|conduct]] | /'kɔndʌkt, -dәkt/ | n. 行为, 举动, 指导 | v. direct the course of; manage or control | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m conduc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#experiment\|experiment]] | /ik'sperimәnt/ | n. 实验, 试验, 实验仪器 | n. the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m conduc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#praise\|praise]] | /preiz/ | n. 赞美, 称赞, 崇拜 | n. an expression of approval and commendation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#verbal\|verbal]] | /'vә:bl/ | a. 用言辞的, 言语的, 口头的, 逐字的, 动词的 | s. communicated in the form of words | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dicey\|dicey]] | /'daisi/ | a. 不确定的, 危险的, 冒险性的 | s of uncertain outcome; especially fraught with risk | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constant\|constant]] | /'kɒnstәnt/ | n. 常数, 恒量 | n. a quantity that does not vary | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasionally\|occasionally]] | /ә'keiʒәnli/ | adv. 有时候, 偶而 | r. now and then or here and there | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, no. It-it’s not about the swearing, it’s more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, conc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enthusiasm\|enthusiasm]] | /in'θju:ziæzәm/ | n. 巨大的热情, 热心 | n. a feeling of excitement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, no. It-it’s not about the swearing, it’s more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, conc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buttock\|buttock]] | /'bʌtәk/ | n. 半边臀部, 屁股, 船尾突出部 | n. either of the two large fleshy masses of muscular tissue that form the human  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, no. It-it’s not about the swearing, it’s more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, conc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentiment\|sentiment]] | /'sentimәnt/ | n. 感情, 感伤, 情操, 情绪, 感想, 意见 | n. tender, romantic, or nostalgic feeling or emotion | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It’s just that I, I have a rather, sensitive* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] | /'sensitiv/ | a. 敏感的, 易感的, 灵敏的, 感光的 | a. responsive to physical stimuli | 1 | 21 | 9 | *Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It’s just that I, I have a rather, sensitive* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#posterior\|posterior]] | /pɒ'stiәriә/ | a. 在后的, 其次的, 后面的 | a. located at or near or behind a part or near the end of a structure | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It’s just that I, I have a rather, sensitive* |
| ahhhhhhh |  | [网络] 啊啊啊啊啊啊；死亡 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ha!  Ahhhhhhh!* |
| ahhhhh |  | [网络] 啊哈 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ahhhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweaty\|sweaty]] | /'sweti/ | a. 出汗的, 吃力的 | superl. Moist with sweat; as, a sweaty skin; a sweaty garment. | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drain\|drain]] | /drein/ | n. 排水沟, 消耗, 排水 | n. emptying something accomplished by allowing liquid to run out of it | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ant\|ant]] | /ænt/ | n. 蚂蚁 | n. social insect living in organized colonies; characteristically the males and  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No! No! Look at that!  It’s a line of ants! They’re working as a team!* |
| uff |  | abbr. 里约州联邦大学（Universidade Federal Fluminense）；通用文件格式（Univer |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down ea* |
