---
season: 3
episode: "18"
title: "The One With The Hypnosis Tape"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E18 — The One With The Hypnosis Tape

*Written by: Seth Kurland*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, all but Chandler are there, Joey laughs for no apparent reason.

**Monica:** *(to Joey)* What’s so funny?

**Joey:** Oh, nothing, no. It’s an acting exercise, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#practise\|practising]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] laugh.

**Monica:** Oh. *(she laughs)*

**Joey:** What-what’s so funny?

*(Chandler enters with a cigarette.)*

**Gunther:** *(to Chandler)* Oh, no-no, no-no-no, there’s none of that in here.

**Chandler:** Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.

**Gunther:** Okay, but only if you give me a [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]].

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(Chandler hands him the cigarette, and he takes a long drag.)*

**Gunther:** Oh dark mother, once again I [[Friends-词汇总表#suckle\|suckle]] at your [[Friends-词汇总表#smokey\|smokey]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tit\|tit]]. *(hands Chandler back the cigarette.)*

**Chandler:** No-no, why don’t you hang on to that one.

*(He goes and sits down next to Rachel and puts a cigarette in his mouth, which Rachel takes away from him. He puts another cigarette in his mouth, and Rachel takes it away again.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, that’s like the least fun game ever.

**Rachel:** Well, I’m really [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] of your [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]], so I brought something that is going to help you [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]. *(hands him an audio cassette)*

**Chandler:** Oh. *(takes the cassette and puts it on his arm like the stop smoking patch, and it falls off.)* Nope, that patch is no good. *(Joey and Monica both do their fake laughs.)*

**Rachel:** Come on, it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#hypnosis\|hypnosis]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]]. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoked]] since.

**Ross:** Pffhah.

**Rachel:** *(to Ross)* What’s your problem?

**Ross:** Nothing, it’s just that [[Friends-词汇总表#hypnosis\|hypnosis]] is beyond [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]].

**Rachel:** Ross, I watched you get [[Friends-词汇总表#hypnotise\|hypnotised]] in Atlantic City.

**Ross:** Hey, that guy did not [[Friends-词汇总表#hypnotise\|hypnotise]] me! Okay.

**Rachel:** Oh right, ‘cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheeks]].

**Phoebe:** All right, y'know forget [[Friends-词汇总表#hypnosis\|hypnosis]]. The way to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]] is you have to dance naked in a field of [[Friends-词汇总表#heather\|heather]], and then [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] of six [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] young men.

**Chandler:** Or what my Father called Thursday night.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier, Ross is handing Rachel a cup of coffee.

**Ross:** Here you go.

**Rachel:** Oh, y'know what, I didn’t want [[Friends-词汇总表#cinnamon\|cinnamon]] on this.

**Ross:** Sorry. *(To remedy that, Ross scoops the cinnamon off of the top with his hand.)*

**Frank:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!!

**Frank:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** Frank! Hi!

**Frank:** How are you?

**Phoebe:** What are you doing here?

**Frank:** Oh, well y'know, I would’ve called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|locked]] me out of the house so I couldn’t find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the [[Friends-词汇总表#receiver\|receiver]] was cut off. So...

**Phoebe:** What happened?

**Frank:** Ah, oh, the ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#vandalism\|vandalism]].

**Phoebe:** But, also, what happened between you and your Mom?

**Frank:** Well, we got into a fight ‘cause ah, she said I was to [[Friends-词汇总表#immature\|immature]] to get married.

**Phoebe:** Your getting married?!

**Frank:** Oh, yeah!

**All:** Wow!

**Phoebe:** My little brother’s getting married!!

**Frank:** Oh, I knew you’d be so cool about this. All right, ah, hey, do you want to meet her?

**Phoebe:** Do I?

**Frank:** Do you?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I do, yeah.

**Frank:** Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck. *(to Joey)* I’m gonna, I’m gonna get my ah, my [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]] man!

**Chandler:** Y'know, I would’ve bet good money that he’d be the first one of us to get married.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, isn’t it [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]]?

**Monica:** Yeah, ah, but Pheebs don’t you think he’s a little young to get married?

**Phoebe:** What, he’s 18.

**Ross:** Exactly, it’ll be [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]] for him to drink at his own [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party.

**Joey:** Yeah, or-or to get a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]].

**Chandler:** Always [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]] Joe.

**Frank:** *(entering with his fiance Alice, who is obviously much, much older than he is)* Hey! Hey! This is ah, my [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]], Mrs. Knight. *(he points out Phoebe to her)*

**Alice:** Y'know it-it’s funny, um, Frank told me so much about you, but your not how I pictured you at all.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I’m a big surprise.

*(Ross lets them both sit in his chair.)*

**Monica:** So, um, how-how did you guys meet?

**Frank:** Well um, I was in ah Mrs. Knight’s ah, I mean Alice, sorry, Alice, I always do that. I was in her ah, Home Ec class.

**Alice:** And he was my best student.

**Frank:** Yeah, she was my best teacher.

**Alice:** Ohhh. *(They embrace in a very passionate kiss.)*

**Chandler:** If that doesn’t keep kids in school, what will?

**Ross:** And so now you guys are gonna be married?

**Alice:** Yeah. Y'know we-we talked about just living together, but um, we want to have kids right away.

*(Both Chandler and Phoebe have shocked looks on their faces.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my God!! Great!

**Phoebe:** Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you’re ready for that?

**Frank:** I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn’t want babies right? And [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, ‘cause y'know, it’ll be me. Right?

**Alice:** Y'know, I mean, really we do [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] that there’s an age difference between us.

**Phoebe:** Oh good! Okay. ‘Cause you were acting like you didn’t.

**Alice:** Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?

*(They both growl and hiss at each other and then kiss passionately again.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s bedroom, Chandler is listening to the hypnosis tape.

**Hypnosis Tape:** You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don’t need to smoke. Cigarettes don’t control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.


> [!scene] Scene: The Moondance Diner, Monica is working, Rachel is having lunch.

**Monica:** And y'know what, I just [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realised]], in the last year I’ve only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.

**Rachel:** Well, that shouldn’t be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are [[Friends-词汇总表#eligible\|eligible]] straight men.

**Monica:** *(to a customer)* Pete, can I get you something else?

**Pete:** Yeah, a [[Friends-词汇总表#slice\|slice]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#cheesecake\|cheesecake]] and-and a date if you’re given’ ‘em out.

**Monica:** Haven’t you and I covered that topic?

**Pete:** Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you….

**Monica:** Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my [[Friends-词汇总表#blond\|blond]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wig\|wig]], and the big [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]], and the fact that I serve you food.

**Pete:** Well, if that were true, I’d dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just [[Friends-词汇总表#plain\|plain]] [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]]. *(to Rachel)* Come on, you think she should go out with me, don’t you?

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain’t a pretty picture in the morning, y’know what I mean. That [[Friends-词汇总表#wig\|wig]] all in [[Friends-词汇总表#disarray\|disarray]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|flung]] over the night stand, y'know.

**Monica:** I mean really, think about it.

**Pete:** Ho-ho, I will.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Joey are being lectured by Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** No, I know, I know, that this is Frank’s life, *(walks behind them, they turn around in the leather chairs to face her)* y'know. Y'know, I don’t want to be all [[Friends-词汇总表#judgmental\|judgmental]], y'know, but this is [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]], it’s sick and wrong!

**Ross:** Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?

**Phoebe:** No-no, oh, I’m fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] down my little brother’s [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]]!

**Joey:** Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.

**Phoebe:** But, I mean, do you think he’s gonna enjoy it when he’s up to his [[Friends-词汇总表#elbow\|elbows]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diapers]] from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, *(she walks behind them again, and hey again turn to follow her)* and it-it’s not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it’s not good home [[Friends-词汇总表#economics\|economics]].

**Joey:** Well, have-have you told him how you feel?

**Phoebe:** Yes. Not out [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]].

**Ross:** Pheebs, if you don’t tell him, soon he’s gonna be married, and then you’re gonna hate yourself.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he’s gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can’t. *(pause)* But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it. Ross and Joey: No-no-no-no-no. *(They start to turn away, but Phoebe stops them, and turns them back to face her.)*

**Phoebe:** Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?! Ross and Joey: No.

**Phoebe:** Okay, I’m gonna go get Frank. *(exits)*

**Joey:** So, we’re walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, “Hey, let’s go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes,” remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, “Nah, let’s just hang out at your place.” Well, that was a nice move [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] ass.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Monica are entering.

**Rachel:** I think you should definitely go out with this guy.

**Monica:** Nah, he doesn’t do anything for me.

**Rachel:** Monica, last Saturday night, what happened on Walker: Texas Ranger?

**Monica:** Well, umm, Walker was looking for this big bus load of kids….

*(realises) All right, I get your point.*

**Rachel:** All right.

**Chandler:** *(entering, carrying a briefcase)* Hi.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Y'know, I forgot the [[Friends-词汇总表#combination\|combination]] to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick?

**Monica:** Uh, yeah.

**Rachel:** Hey, how are those [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tapes]] working out for ya?

**Chandler:** Y'know what, pretty good.

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Chandler:** Good! I haven’t [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoked]] yet today, I feel great, and-and-and [[Friends-词汇总表#confident\|confident]], that is a [[Friends-词汇总表#stun\|stunning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouse]].

**Rachel:** Thank you.

**Monica:** Here you go.

**Chandler:** Thanks

**Rachel:** Hey Mon, let’s give Pete a chance Come on, he was funny, he seems really nice, and that check thing was [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]].

**Chandler:** What check thing?

**Monica:** As a joke, this customer at work who has a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on me gave me a $20,000 [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]]. His number is on the check, he just did so I’d call him.

**Chandler:** *(reading the check)* Pete Becker. Pete… *(quickly grabs a magazine and opens it up to show her a picture)* *(pointing to the picture)* Is this him?

**Monica:** That’s Bill Clinton.

**Chandler:** Who’s he [[Friends-词汇总表#huggin\|huggin]]’?

**Monica:** Oh my God! That’s Pete! But why is Bill [[Friends-词汇总表#huggin\|huggin]]’ Pete?

**Chandler:** This guy [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invented]] Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program!

**Rachel:** We use it!!

**Chandler:** There you go!!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, Monica’s gonna go out with a [[Friends-词汇总表#millionaire\|millionaire]].

**Monica:** I’m not gonna go out with him.

**Rachel:** Oh my God, I can’t believe this is a real $20,000 check, oh this is just so exciting.

**Monica:** Or [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#offensive\|offensive]].

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, sure, that too.

*(Chandler is putting on the Chap Stick the same way that women put on lipstick, including the bit with the piece of tissue.)*

**Chandler:** *(to the girls who are staring at him)* What?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Joey are talking to Frank.

**Ross:** All we’re saying is don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] into anything.

**Joey:** Yeah, come on, think about it. You’re 18, okay, she’s 44, when you’re 36, she’s gonna be 88.

**Frank:** What, you don’t think I know that?

**Joey:** Look, the point is, there’s a lot of women out there you haven’t even had sex with yet!

**Ross:** Yeah, he-he’s right, he’s right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you’re young, you’re-you’re weird, [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chicks]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] that.

**Frank:** Okay, but isn’t sex better when it’s with one person that you really, really care about.

**Joey:** Yeah, in a [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] maybe.

**Ross:** No the man’s right, that’s what I had with Rachel.

**Frank:** You don’t have it anymore?

**Ross:** No, I ah, I slept with someone else.

**Frank:** Okay, so wait, all right, so how does that make things better?

**Ross:** It didn’t.

**Frank:** Okay, so what you used to have with Rachel, is what I’ve got with Alice.

**Joey:** Now, wh-what, what is that like?

**Frank:** It’s so cool man, it’s so, it’s just ‘cause being with her is so much better than like not being with her.

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah.

**Joey:** *(to Ross)* Why can’t I find that?

**Ross:** Don’t ask me, I had it and I blew it!

**Joey:** Well, I want it!

**Frank:** You can have it!

**Joey:** I don’t know, maybe I can’t. I mean, maybe there’s something wrong with me.

**Ross:** Oh, no! No!

**Frank:** It’s out there man! I’ve seen it! I got it!!

**Joey:** Then you hold on to it!!

**Frank:** All right, man!!

**Joey:** All right, [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulations]] you lucky [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]]! *(hugs him)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, it’s after Ross and Joey’s talk with Frank, and Phoebe’s is finding out what happened.

**Phoebe:** *(to Joey)* You’re Frank’s best man?!

**Joey:** I couldn’t help it, there love is so [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]].

**Phoebe:** Well then, *(to Ross)* what about you?! Huh?!

**Ross:** I’m the ring [[Friends-词汇总表#bearer\|bearer]].

*(As Phoebe stands there in shock and disbelief, Chandler comes out of the bathroom and walks to his bedroom. He’s just got out of the shower and has the towel wrapped around himself high across his chest, and another towel wrapped around his head, like women wear towels. Joey watches Chandler wondering what the hell he’s doing.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s, Phoebe is opening the door.

**Phoebe:** Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I’m so glad you could come, ‘cause I’ve got a real umm, Home Ec emergency. *(Points to the table cloth, which has a huge mustard stain on it.)*

**Alice:** Oh my God, who died on this?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I know. It’s a real [[Friends-词汇总表#mustard\|mustard]]-tastrophe. Can you help me?

**Alice:** Absolutely. Okay, first we’ll start with a little club [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]], and then if that doesn’t work we can go back to…

**Phoebe:** Y'know what, forget it. It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]].

**Alice:** Oh no-no, never say that. If we can’t get it out then we can cut around the [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]], add a little [[Friends-词汇总表#lace\|lace]], you make a [[Friends-词汇总表#stylish\|stylish]] throw.

**Phoebe:** Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.


> [!scene] Scene: Pete’s office, he is participating in a conference call with three other employees, each of whom are on a different TV screen that he controls with a remote.

**Pete:** Okay, that’s great, but can we make it [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]]? Can we make it fit on the head of a [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]]? I love when we make things fit on the head of a pin.

**All:** Got it. Yeah all right. Yeah, okay.

*(The intercom buzzes.)*

**Secretary:** You have a Miss Monica Geller here.

**Pete:** Uh, absolutely, yeah, sEnd her in. *(Monica enters)* Hi.

**Monica:** What the hell is this? *(holding up the check)*

**Pete:** Hang on a second. *(to the employees)* I’ll-I’ll talk to you in the morning. *(turns two of the three off)* I’m sorry what?

**Monica:** Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?

**Pete:** Well, y’know, I never know how much to [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]].

**Monica:** You’re supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what’s-what’s the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?

**Employee:** Umm, I’m still here.

**Pete:** *(turns off the TV)* You’re taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn’t leave you that [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]], you wouldn’t of come down here, we wouldn’t be having this argument, and there wouldn’t be this ah, heat between us.

**Monica:** What?!

**Pete:** Come on, you gotta [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. ‘Cause you used to be like the [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]], and I was the customer, and now we’re like this-this couple that fights.

**Monica:** Okay, umm, you’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#loon\|loon]].

**Pete:** Look, forget the check, okay. *(rips up the check)* I like you. I think you’re great. Come on, what do you say?

**Monica:** I don’t know.

**Pete:** Why not?

**Monica:** ‘Cause I don’t want to [[Friends-词汇总表#encourage\|encourage]] this kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#behaviour\|behaviour]].

**Pete:** One [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]]! That’s all I’m asking for. Please? We go out, we eat, and if you don’t have a good time, I give you ten grand, we call it even.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s, she is coming home. She turns on the lights, and sits down on the couch.

**Frank:** *(hiding under a pile of clothes)* Hi. *(She jumps up screaming.)* Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It’s-it’s me!

**Phoebe:** Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?

**Frank:** Oh well, um, your, your [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] just smelled so good, that I thought I’d [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curl]] up in it. Is that all right?

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?

**Frank:** Oh, well just probably the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] one since I’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]].

**Phoebe:** What umm, what happened?

**Frank:** Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.

**Phoebe:** Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?

**Frank:** Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don’t see how I could all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] be too young, ‘cause I’m older than I was when we first got together.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, yeah, no, I don’t, I don’t know. But, y'know what, maybe it’s just all for the best?

**Frank:** Yeah, if the best is like [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] pain!

**Phoebe:** Oh, sweetie, oh. *(hugs him)*

**Frank:** Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrested]] for stealing those [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]], and then, and then the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#puncture\|punctured]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lung\|lung]] thing! I can, it’s still really hard to take deep [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breaths]] in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it’s, and now it’s gone and I don’t know why!

**Phoebe:** Uh, well I can tell you why. It’s, it’s because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?

**Frank:** What?

**Phoebe:** Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn’t be together, y'know. And you’re gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.

**Frank:** Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?

**Phoebe:** Okay.

**Frank:** Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn’t want us to be together, but the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] thing she ever did was [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] me to the [[Friends-词汇总表#porch\|porch]].

**Phoebe:** Okay, but.

**Frank:** Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you’d understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would [[Friends-词汇总表#storm\|storm]] out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go…


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is getting Monica ready for her date. The guys are also there. The door buzzes.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! The [[Friends-词汇总表#millionaire\|millionaire]]’s here!

**Chandler:** *(in a feminine way)* Oh my God! *(and he jumps all around)*

**Monica:** Guys, please, I’m just gonna have dinner with him. Okay?

**Chandler:** Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] him anything.

**Monica:** I know!!

**Chandler:** Okay, then get the [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]]!

**Monica:** *(opening the door)* *(to Pete)* Hey!

**Pete:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi!!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hi!

*(They’re all staring at him, with big, huge smiles on their faces.)*

**Joey:** Hey, how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?

**Monica:** And that’s why, I’m not inviting you in for a drink. *(starts to leave)* Bye.

**All:** Oh-no-no-no-no….

**Rachel:** Just one drink?!

**Monica:** *(in the hallway)* So, where do you want to go?

**Pete:** Hey, you like [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]?

**Monica:** Oh, that’s sounds great.

**Pete:** I know a great little place.


> [!scene] Cut to a shot of the coliseum in Rome, Italy.


> [!scene] Scene: A restaurant in Rome, Monica is paying for the pizza.

**Pete:** You’re, hey, you’re not paying for the [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]!

**Monica:** Oh come on, it’s only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough [[Friends-词汇总表#lira\|lire]]?

**Pete:** Ahh, I’d throw another [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] on that.

**Monica:** Why, how much is that?

**Pete:** That’s about 60 [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cents]].


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, it’s the middle of the night. Joey is walking into the living room, and runs into the entertainment centre.

**Joey:** Every night!!

*(He starts to walk to the bathroom and hears the hypnosis tape from Chandler’s bedroom.)*

**Hypnosis Tape:** You do not need to smoke. Cigarettes don’t control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. *(Joey walks out smiling to himself.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s, Frank is watching TV, and he’s very depressed as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] thing, but I so didn’t. There’s someone here who can [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] this better than I can.

**Alice:** Hi Frank.

**Frank:** Hi, Mrs. Knight.

**Alice:** Phoebe’s right Frank. I know it’s hard to hear, but it would’ve been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being [[Friends-词汇总表#selfish\|selfish]], even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. *(to Phoebe)* Is that it, is that what it is?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but not just that.

**Alice:** Right, not just that. Umm, even though we love each other as much as we do, none the less…

**Phoebe:** None the less.

**Alice:** None the less. Umm, you’re too young to, to really know what you want. *(They embrace in a passionate kiss.)*

**Phoebe:** That’s right, exactly. *(sees them)* All right, it’s a good bye kiss, that’s good. *(Frank picks Alice up and they move to the couch)* Bye-bye. *(They both lie down on the couch and start to make out.)* Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I’m saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. *(They ignore her)* Okay, I’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] I’m gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]? *(She reaches in and Alice moans)* Okay, all right, good. *(leaves)*.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s bedroom, he’s listening to the hypnosis tape again.

**Hypnosis Tape:** Cigarette’s don’t control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.

**Joey:** *(He’s recorded his voice on the tape)* Joey’s your best friEnd. You want to make him a [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]]. *(he laughs)* And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.

*(Chandler wakes up and stares at the tape.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 7 | 422 | 131 | *Well, we got into a fight ‘cause ah, she said I was to immature to get married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 4 | 177 | 117 | *No-no, why don’t you hang on to that one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 4 | 385 | 206 | *What happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 3 | 308 | 105 | *Oh, well y'know, I would’ve called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 3 | 168 | 121 | *Exactly, it’ll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 3 | 101 | 74 | *Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose every* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 2 | 132 | 68 | *Oh right, ‘cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 2 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly, it’ll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn’t want babies right? An* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 2 | 182 | 101 | *Pheebs, if you don’t tell him, soon he’s gonna be married, and then you’re gonna hate yourself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *So, we’re walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, “Hey, let’s go hang out at Totally Nu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely. Okay, first we’ll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn’t work * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 2 | 156 | 115 | *Oh no-no, never say that. If we can’t get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Guys, please, I’m just gonna have dinner with him. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *And that’s why, I’m not inviting you in for a drink.  Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Oh, nothing, no. It’s an acting exercise, I’m practising my fake laugh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Oh right, ‘cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Well, we got into a fight ‘cause ah, she said I was to immature to get married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Y'know, I would’ve bet good money that he’d be the first one of us to get married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Yeah, I’m a big surprise.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *No-no, oh, I’m fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it’s tongue down my little b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *I think you should definitely go out with this guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Oh my God, I can’t believe this is a real $20,000 check, oh this is just so exciting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Yeah, he-he’s right, he’s right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you’re young, you’re-you’re weird, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *You don’t have it anymore?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *No, I ah, I slept with someone else.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Don’t ask me, I had it and I blew it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *All right, congratulations you lucky bastard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I’m so glad you could come, ‘cause I’ve got a real umm, Home Ec emergency* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *You have a Miss Monica Geller here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell is this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *One meal! That’s all I’m asking for. Please? We go out, we eat, and if you don’t have a good time, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I’d curl up in it. Is that all * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *And that’s why, I’m not inviting you in for a drink.  Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *That’s right, exactly.  All right, it’s a good bye kiss, that’s good.  Bye-bye.  Okay, no, the impor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Joey’s your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday.  And you also want to buy * |

### 常用词（63）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 3 | 86 | 49 | *Well, I’m really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 3 | 33 | 24 | *As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 2 | 69 | 27 | *Well, I’m really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 2 | 80 | 46 | *Well, I’m really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 2 | 27 | 18 | *Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] | /pin/ | n. 大头针, 针, 别针, 栓, 销子, 图钉, 插头, 管脚, 品(液量单位) | n. a piece of jewelry that is pinned onto the wearer's garment | 2 | 19 | 12 | *Okay, that’s great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 2 | 58 | 45 | *Oh, well just probably the worst one since I’ve been alive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 2 | 73 | 42 | *Hey, you like pizza?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Oh, nothing, no. It’s an acting exercise, I’m practising my fake laugh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] | /dræg/ | n. 拖, 拖累 | n. the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Okay, but only if you give me a drag.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 1 | 79 | 28 | *Come on, it’s a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn’t smok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *Nothing, it’s just that hypnosis is beyond crap.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *Oh right, ‘cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] | /tʃi:k/ | n. 颊, 厚颜, 脸蛋 | n. either side of the face below the eyes | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Oh right, ‘cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1 | 37 | 22 | *All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Oh, well y'know, I would’ve called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] | /fæn'tæstik/ | a. 奇妙的, 稀奇的, 空想的 | s. extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 23 | 21 | *Yeah, isn’t it fantastic?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn’t want babies right? An* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 1 | 44 | 29 | *Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there’s an age difference between us.* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 60 | 37 | *Well, if that were true, I’d dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] | /'ɒ:kwәd/ | a. 笨拙的, 棘手的 | s. causing inconvenience | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Well, if that were true, I’d dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 1 | 21 | 18 | *No-no, oh, I’m fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it’s tongue down my little b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] | /θrәut/ | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音 | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 1 | 16 | 14 | *No-no, oh, I’m fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it’s tongue down my little b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] | /'daiәpә/ | n. 尿布 | n. garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened a | 1 | 21 | 14 | *But, I mean, do you think he’s gonna enjoy it when he’s up to his elbows in the diapers from all the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *Yes. Not out loud.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *So, we’re walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, “Hey, let’s go hang out at Totally Nu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] | /'tæp/ | n. 轻打, 水龙头 | n. a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dan | 1 | 20 | 16 | *Hey, how are those tapes working out for ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]] | /ә'dɒ:rәbl/ | a. 可崇拜的, 值得敬慕的, 可爱的 | s. lovable especially in a childlike or naive way | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Hey Mon, let’s give Pete a chance Come on, he was funny, he seems really nice, and that check thing * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invent]] | /in'vent/ | vt. 发明, 创作, 虚构 | v. come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a menta | 1 | 11 | 11 | *This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] | /in'kredәbli/ | adv. 不能相信地 | r. not easy to believe | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Or incredibly offensive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *All we’re saying is don’t rush into anything.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 1 | 40 | 22 | *Yeah, he-he’s right, he’s right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you’re young, you’re-you’re weird, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] | /dig/ | vt. 挖, 翻土, 发掘 | n. the site of an archeological exploration | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Yeah, he-he’s right, he’s right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you’re young, you’re-you’re weird, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *All right, congratulations you lucky bastard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *All right, congratulations you lucky bastard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] | /'sәudә/ | n. 苏打, 碳酸水 | n a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and pape | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Absolutely. Okay, first we’ll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn’t work * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]] | /sɒ:lt/ | n. 盐, 风趣, 刺激 | n. a compound formed by replacing hydrogen in an acid by a metal (or a radical t | 1 | 20 | 11 | *Absolutely. Okay, first we’ll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn’t work * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Y'know what, forget it. It’s ruined.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]] |  | a. 较小, 更小的 | s. small or little relative to something else | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Okay, that’s great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. ‘Cause you used to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 1 | 56 | 27 | *Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. ‘Cause you used to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *One meal! That’s all I’m asking for. Please? We go out, we eat, and if you don’t have a good time, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] | /'lɒ:ndri/ | n. 洗衣店, 洗好的衣服, 洗涤 | n. garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering | 1 | 32 | 12 | *Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I’d curl up in it. Is that all * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Oh, well just probably the worst one since I’ve been alive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don’t see how I could all of the sudden* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] | /breθ/ | n. 呼吸, 气息, 瞬间 | n. the process of taking in and expelling air during breathing | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn’t want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 1 | 34 | 19 | *Ahh, I’d throw another thousand on that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cent]] | /sent/ | n. 分 | n. a fractional monetary unit of several countries | 1 | 12 | 10 | *That’s about 60 cents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn’t. T* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn’t. T* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#selfish\|selfish]] | /'selfiʃ/ | a. 自私的, 利己主义的, 自我中心的 | a. concerned chiefly or only with yourself and your advantage to the exclusion o | 1 | 16 | 10 | *Phoebe’s right Frank. I know it’s hard to hear, but it would’ve been wrong to go through with it. I-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *That’s right, exactly.  All right, it’s a good bye kiss, that’s good.  Bye-bye.  Okay, no, the impor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Joey’s your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday.  And you also want to buy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *Joey’s your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday.  And you also want to buy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Joey’s your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday.  And you also want to buy * |

### 低频词（61）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hypnosis\|hypnosis]] | /hip'nәusis/ | n. 催眠状态, 催眠术 | n. a state that resembles sleep but that is induced by suggestion | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Come on, it’s a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn’t smok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knight\|knight]] | /nait/ | n. 骑士, 爵士 | n. originally a person of noble birth trained to arms and chivalry; today in Gre | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Hey! Hey! This is ah, my fiance, Mrs. Knight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]] | /fi'ɒnsei/ | n. 未婚夫 | n. a man who is engaged to be married | 2 | 7 | 4 | *Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck.  I’m gonna, I’m gonna get my ah, my fiance ma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]] | /i'li:gәl/ | a. 违法的, 不合规定的 | a. prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Exactly, it’ll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wig\|wig]] | /wig/ | n. 假发, 斥责 | n. hairpiece covering the head and made of real or synthetic hair | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#walker\|walker]] | /'wɒ:kә/ | n. 徒步者, 轻便鞋 | n. New Zealand runner who in 1975 became the first person to run a mile in less  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Monica, last Saturday night, what happened on Walker: Texas Ranger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#huggin\|huggin]] |  | 哈金 |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Who’s he huggin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#millionaire\|millionaire]] | /.miljә'nєә/ | n. 百万富翁, 大富豪 | n. a person whose material wealth is valued at more than a million dollars | 2 | 9 | 6 | *Oh my God, Monica’s gonna go out with a millionaire.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practise\|practise]] | /'præktis/ | v. 实践, 实行, 练习, 实习, 从事(职业) | v engage in a rehearsal (of) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, nothing, no. It’s an acting exercise, I’m practising my fake laugh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suckle\|suckle]] | /'sʌkl/ | vt. 哺乳, 养育, 吮吸 | v. suck milk from the mother's breasts | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smokey\|smokey]] | /'smәuki/ | a. 多烟的 |  | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tit\|tit]] | /tit/ | n. 山雀, 打击, 轻佻女人, 奶头, 按钮 | n either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting glandular organs on the chest of a wo | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hypnotise\|hypnotise]] | /'hipnәtaiz/ | vt. 对...施行催眠, 使着迷, 使进入催眠状态 | v induce hypnosis in | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#atlantic\|atlantic]] | /әt'læntik/ | n. 大西洋 | n. the 2nd largest ocean; separates North and South America on the west from Eur | 1 | 14 | 7 | *Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heather\|heather]] | /'heðә/ | n. 石南花 | n. common Old World heath represented by many varieties; low evergreen grown wid | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cinnamon\|cinnamon]] | /'sinәmәn/ | n. 肉桂, 肉桂树皮, 肉桂色 | n. aromatic bark used as a spice | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh, y'know what, I didn’t want cinnamon on this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#receiver\|receiver]] | /ri'si:vә/ | n. 接收器；接受者；收信机；收款员, 接待者 | n. set that receives radio or tv signals | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, well y'know, I would’ve called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vandalism\|vandalism]] | /'vændәlizm/ | n. 故意毁坏文物的行为, 破坏他人财产的行为 | n. willful wanton and malicious destruction of the property of others | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah, oh, the ah, vandalism.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#immature\|immature]] | /.imә'tjuә/ | a. 不成熟的, 未完全发育的, 粗糙的 | a. characteristic of a lack of maturity | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, we got into a fight ‘cause ah, she said I was to immature to get married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] | /'bætʃәlә/ | n. 单身汉, 学士 | n. a man who has never been married | 1 | 22 | 5 | *Exactly, it’ll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]] | /'hukә/ | n. 用钩子的人, 渔船 | n. United States general in the Union Army who was defeated at Chancellorsville  | 1 | 22 | 8 | *Yeah, or-or to get a hooker.* |
| julio |  | n. 胡里奥（男子名） |  | 1 | 9 | 3 | *And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I’ve only gone out with two guys, Richard and Jul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eligible\|eligible]] | /'elidʒәbl/ | a. 有资格当选的, 合格的 | a. qualified for or allowed or worthy of being chosen | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, that shouldn’t be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slice\|slice]] | /slais/ | n. 薄的切片, 一部分, 菜刀 | n. a share of something | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Yeah, a slice of cheesecake and-and a date if you’re given’ ‘em out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheesecake\|cheesecake]] | /'tʃi:zkeik/ | n. 干酪饼, 半裸体的女人照片 | n. made with sweetened cream cheese and eggs and cream baked in a crumb crust | 1 | 17 | 3 | *Yeah, a slice of cheesecake and-and a date if you’re given’ ‘em out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blond\|blond]] | /blɒnd/ | a. 金发的 | n. a person with fair skin and hair | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruth\|ruth]] | /ru:θ/ | n. 怜悯, 悲哀 | n. United States professional baseball player famous for hitting home runs (1895 | 1 | 12 | 3 | *Well, if that were true, I’d dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plain\|plain]] | /plein/ | n. 平原, 草原, 朴实无华的东西, 无格式 | n. extensive tract of level open land | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Well, if that were true, I’d dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disarray\|disarray]] | /.disә'rei/ | vt. 弄乱, 使混乱, 使脱去衣服 | n. untidiness (especially of clothing and appearance) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain’t a pretty picture in the mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]] | /fliŋ/ | n. 投掷, 急冲, 嘲弄 | n. the act of flinging | 1 | 13 | 7 | *Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain’t a pretty picture in the mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judgmental\|judgmental]] | /dʒʌdʒ'mentl/ | a. 审判的 | a. depending on judgment | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, I know, I know, that this is Frank’s life,  y'know. Y'know, I don’t want to be all judgmental, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elbow\|elbow]] | /'elbәu/ | n. 手肘, 弯头, 扶手 | n. hinge joint between the forearm and upper arm and the corresponding joint in  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *But, I mean, do you think he’s gonna enjoy it when he’s up to his elbows in the diapers from all the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#economics\|economics]] | /.i:kә'nɒmiks/ | n. 经济学 | n. the branch of social science that deals with the production and distribution  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *But, I mean, do you think he’s gonna enjoy it when he’s up to his elbows in the diapers from all the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ranger\|ranger]] | /'reinʒә/ | n. 王室守林人, 骑警, 漫游者 | n a member of the Texas state highway patrol; formerly a mounted lawman who main | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Monica, last Saturday night, what happened on Walker: Texas Ranger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#combination\|combination]] | /.kɒmbi'neiʃәn/ | n. 组合, 合并, 联合 | n. a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate par | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chap\|chap]] | /tʃæp/ | n. 小伙子, 颌, 龟裂 | n. a boy or man | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confident\|confident]] | /'kɒnfidәnt/ | a. 有信心的, 有把握的 | a. having or marked by confidence or assurance | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Good! I haven’t smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stun\|stun]] | /stʌn/ | vt. 使昏迷, 使震惊, 打昏 | v. make senseless or dizzy by or as if by a blow | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Good! I haven’t smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouse]] | /blauz/ | n. 宽松的上衣 | n. a top worn by women | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Good! I haven’t smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#becker\|becker]] |  | n. 贝克尔（美国经济学家） | n. A European fish (Pagellus centrodontus); the sea bream or | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Pete Becker. Pete…   Is this him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clinton\|clinton]] | /'klintәn/ | n. 克林顿（男子名） | n. wife of President Clinton and later a woman member of the United States Senat | 1 | 3 | 3 | *That’s Bill Clinton.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moss\|moss]] | /mɒs/ | n. 苔藓, 泥沼 | n. tiny leafy-stemmed flowerless plants | 1 | 7 | 4 | *This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offensive\|offensive]] | /ә'fensiv/ | a. 令人不快的, 侮辱的, 攻击性的 | s. violating or tending to violate or offend against | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Or incredibly offensive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] | /'pәuim/ | n. 诗, 诗般美的事物 | n. a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines | 1 | 17 | 8 | *Yeah, in a poem maybe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] | /pjuә/ | a. 纯的, 纯净的, 纯洁的, 清白的, 完美的, 无瑕的, 抽象的 | a. free of extraneous elements of any kind | 1 | 9 | 8 | *I couldn’t help it, there love is so pure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bearer\|bearer]] | /'bєәrә/ | n. 带信人, 票据持有人, 搬运者 | n. a messenger who bears or presents | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’m the ring bearer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]] | /stein/ | n. 污染, 污点, 着色剂 | n. a soiled or discolored appearance | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Oh no-no, never say that. If we can’t get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lace\|lace]] | /leis/ | n. 饰带, 花边, 缎带, 鞋带 | n. a cord that is drawn through eyelets or around hooks in order to draw togethe | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh no-no, never say that. If we can’t get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stylish\|stylish]] | /'stailiʃ/ | a. 现代风格的, 流行的, 潇洒的 | a. having elegance or taste or refinement in manners or dress | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no-no, never say that. If we can’t get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romania\|romania]] | /rәu'meinjә/ | n. 罗马尼亚 | n. a republic in southeastern Europe with a short coastline on the Black Sea | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You’re supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what’s-what’s the deal? Ar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loon\|loon]] | /lu:n/ | n. 懒人, 潜鸟, 笨蛋 | n. a worthless lazy fellow | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, umm, you’re a loon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#encourage\|encourage]] | /in'kʌridʒ/ | vt. 鼓励, 支持, 激励 | v. inspire with confidence; give hope or courage to | 1 | 1 | 1 | *‘Cause I don’t want to encourage this kind of behaviour.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#behaviour\|behaviour]] | /bi'heivjә/ | n. 行为, 举止 | n the action or reaction of something (as a machine or substance) under specifie | 1 | 3 | 3 | *‘Cause I don’t want to encourage this kind of behaviour.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curl]] | /kә:l/ | n. 拳曲, 鬈发 | n. American chemist who with Richard Smalley and Harold Kroto discovered fullere | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I’d curl up in it. Is that all * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrest]] | /ә'rest/ | n. 逮捕, 监禁 | n. the state of inactivity following an interruption | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puncture\|puncture]] | /'pʌŋktʃә/ | n. 刺痕, 穿刺 | n. loss of air pressure in a tire when a hole is made by some sharp object | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lung\|lung]] | /lʌŋ/ | n. 肺, 肺脏, 空地 | n. either of two saclike respiratory organs in the chest of vertebrates; serves  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#porch\|porch]] | /pɒ:tʃ/ | n. 门廊, 走廊 | n. a structure attached to the exterior of a building often forming a covered en | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn’t want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#storm\|storm]] | /stɒ:m/ | n. 暴风雨, 骚动, 风波, 风暴, 猛攻 | n. a violent weather condition with winds 64-72 knots (11 on the Beaufort scale) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you’d understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]] | /'lɒbstә/ | n. 龙虾 | n. flesh of a lobster | 1 | 18 | 8 | *Okay, then get the lobster!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lira\|lira]] | /'liәrә/ | n. 里拉 | n. the basic unit of money on Malta; equal to 100 cents | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh come on, it’s only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?* |
