---
season: 3
episode: "14"
title: "The One With Phoebe's Ex-Partner"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E14 — The One With Phoebe's Ex-Partner

*Written by: Wil Calhoun*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the gang, except Rachel, is watching a new singer.

**Singer:** *(singing)* ‘Cause every time I see your face, I can’t help but fall from [[Friends-词汇总表#grace\|grace]]. I know.....

**Joey:** Wow! This girl is good.

**Phoebe:** Oh-ho yeah! A song with [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyming]] words. Oo, I never thought of that before.

**Chandler:** I like her.

**Phoebe:** *(to Chandler)* Why? Because she can [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] and play guitar and do both at the same time?

**Chandler:** Well, that’s pretty much all I’m looking for from these people.

**Monica:** *(to Phoebe)* Look at you. All [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]].

**Ross:** Yeah Pheebs, come on, you two have completely different styles. Y'know, she’s more..*(shakes his shoulders, like he’s dancing)* y'know, and you’re more *(sees the look from Phoebe and stops)*

**Singer:** *(singing)* [[Friends-词汇总表#beside\|beside]] meeeee-eeee-ee. *(everyone applauds her)*.

**Phoebe:** Okay, see, see, everyone else is happy she’s done.

**Singer:** Okay, my next song’s called: Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say. I Really Loved When We Were Singing Partners, And I Shouldn’t Have Left You That Way.

*(The gang all looks at Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh no, one of those ‘look for the [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hidden]] meaning’ songs.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, later.

**Singer:** Hey Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Hey Leslie, how’d you know I’d be here?

**Leslie:** I ran into Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish, and he said you played here a lot, so umm....

**Chandler:** *(to Ross)* All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I’d like know whether that’s several big fish or just one big fish.

**Joey:** *(to Leslie)* So ah, Phoebe tells us you write [[Friends-词汇总表#jingle\|jingles]].

**Phoebe:** Actually I said she [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandoned]] me to write [[Friends-词汇总表#jingle\|jingles]].

**Joey:** *(to Leslie)* Ah, anything we might of heard of?

**Leslie:** Ah, yeah, umm. *(singing)* Home is never far away.. Monica, Ross, and Joey: *(joining in)* Home is Home Star [[Friends-词汇总表#stew\|stew]].

**Leslie:** Yeah, but, I don’t do that anymore. I got kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] of it, and then I couldn’t come up with anything good, so they fired me.

**Phoebe:** Hmm, [[Friends-词汇总表#bummer\|bummer]].

**Leslie:** Well, I y'know, I was just, umm, I was just thinking and hoping, that umm, maybe you’d want to get back together?

**Phoebe:** No. But thanks.

**Leslie:** Aw come on Phoebe would you just think about it?

**Phoebe:** Okay. No. But thanks.

**Leslie:** Okay, ah, see ya Pheebs. *(leaves)*

**Joey:** *(to Phoebe)* Wow, that was kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#brutal\|brutal]].

**Phoebe:** Well okay, let this be a [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] to all of you, all right. Once you, once you [[Friends-词汇总表#betray\|betray]] me, I become like the ice woman, y’know. Very cold, hard, [[Friends-词汇总表#unyielding\|unyielding]], y'know nothing, nothing can [[Friends-词汇总表#penetrate\|penetrate]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#icy\|icy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#exterior\|exterior]]. *(to Monica)* Can I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]], please?

**Monica:** Yeah, sure.


> [!scene] Scene: Outside the bathroom, Chandler is pacing back and fourth, waiting is use it.

**Gunther:** *(to Chandler)* Someone in there?

**Chandler:** No. This is just part of a [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] [[Friends-词汇总表#devil\|devil]] game that I play called ‘wait until the last moment before I [[Friends-词汇总表#burst\|burst]] and die.’

*(The door opens.)*

**Chandler:** Jeez, man did you fall..*(sees it’s a beautiful woman coming out of the men’s room)* Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?

**Woman:** Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn’t wait. I left the [[Friends-词汇总表#lid\|lid]] up for ya though.

*(Gunther walks up)*

**Chandler:** *(to Gunther)* Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]], I’m-I’m talking to ah, *(tries to get her to say her name)*. *(to her)* This is the part where you say your name.

**Woman:** Ginger.

**Chandler:** Ginger. I’m talking to Ginger, so....

**Ginger:** Don’t you have to use the bathroom?

**Chandler:** Nope, nope, I’d just ah, I’d rather talk to you. *(pause)* Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom. *(knocks on the door)*

**Gunther:** Someone in here.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the gang’s putting their coats on to leave.

**Phoebe:** Where’s Chandler?

**Joey:** Ah, he can’t make it, he said he had to his... *(sees Ginger)* Whoa-oh!

*(hides behind the coat rack.)*

**Ginger:** Joey? Joey Tribbiani?

*(She walks over behind the coat rack, but Joey picks it up and moves it so that he’s still behind it, and she can’t see him.)*

**Ginger:** Joey I can see you okay? You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hiding]] behind the [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coats]].

*(Joey puts his finger over his mouth to tell Ross to keep quiet. Ginger looks at Monica who looks away and leave.)*

**Joey:** Phew, close one.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s office, Mark is packing his stuff into a box.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi, sweetie!

**Ross:** Hello.

**Mark:** Hi, Ross.

**Ross:** Yeah, huh.

**Rachel:** I’ve got some bad news.

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** I can get a quick [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] to eat, but then I have to come back up here.

**Ross:** Come on sweetie! You’ve had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?

**Mark:** Actually, it’s kinda my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. I-I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] today.

**Ross:** *(to Rachel)* But work comes first! *(to Mark)* Oh hey, but that’s sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?

**Rachel:** Nooo, he’s leaving for a better job.

**Ross:** Oh well that’s great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh? *(picks a pad up off Rachel’s desk and tosses it into his box)* Good bye.

**Mark:** Okay, then.

**Ross:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Well we’re gonna miss you around here.

**Mark:** Yeah, me too.

*(Rachel goes to hug him but Ross is holding one of her hands and doesn’t let go, so she can only put one arm around him.)*

**Mark:** So, see ya on Saturday.

**Rachel:** Yeah, you bet.

*(Ross is shocked, but Rachel drags him out of the office.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Monica are playing with a Ouija board, Phoebe’s beeper goes off and Monica screams.

**Phoebe:** Oh. *(takes her beeper puts in a pot, covers it, and puts the pot in the oven)*

**Monica:** Y'know those are a [[Friends-词汇总表#delicacy\|delicacy]] in India.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#twentieth\|twentieth]] time today! And good luck Leslie!

**Monica:** Wow, she must have hurt you pretty bad, huh?

**Phoebe:** Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the [[Friends-词汇总表#barge\|barge]] together.

**Monica:** Oh, you two must have been so cute running around on a [[Friends-词汇总表#barge\|barge]].

**Phoebe:** You never run on a [[Friends-词汇总表#barge\|barge]]!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey. Phoebe and Monica: Hey.

**Joey:** Is ah, is Chandler around?

**Monica:** No, umm, he met some girl at the coffee house.

**Joey:** Oooh.

**Monica:** Yeah, Ginger something.

**Joey:** Nooo. No, no, ah, are you sure it wasn’t something that sounded like Ginger, like ah, Gingeer?

**Monica:** No, it was Ginger. I remember, because when he told me, I said,

*(singing) ‘the movie star.’*

**Joey:** Aww, man. That’s the girl I was [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hiding]] from. When she finds out he’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]], she’s gonna tell him what I did.

**Monica:** Well, what did you do?

**Joey:** What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can’t, I can’t tell you that, it’s like the most [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]], [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] thing I’ve ever done my whole life.

**Monica:** Y'know what, don’t tell us. We’ll just wait until Chandler gets home, *(to Phoebe)* because it’ll be more fun that way.

**Joey:** All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad’s [[Friends-词汇总表#cabin\|cabin]]. Just me, her, and her [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]] little dog Pepper. Well that night, I [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooked]] this really [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] dinner....

**Monica:** You gave her food [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poisoning]]!?

**Joey:** I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!

**Joey:** I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should’ve told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#artificial\|artificial]] [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]].

*(Phoebe and Monica both stand up and gasp.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God! Joey, what did you do after you threw her [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] on the fire?

**Joey:** I ran!!


> [!scene] Scene: A street, Chandler is kissing Ginger.

**Chandler:** Well, that’s the best kiss I’ve had with anyone I’ve ever met in a men’s room.

**Ginger:** Actually, me too.

**Chandler:** *(sees her foot is in a slush puddle)* Op, foot in a [[Friends-词汇总表#puddle\|puddle]], foot all in a puddle.

**Ginger:** Oh damn, I hate that.

**Chandler:** Yeah, we’re gonna have to get you out of those [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]].

**Ginger:** Oh, don’t worry about it.

**Chandler:** No, really you’re gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freeze]].

**Ginger:** No, I’m not.

**Chandler:** You’re not, what do you, what do you got a [[Friends-词汇总表#bionic\|bionic]] foot?

**Ginger:** Some day, maybe.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s bedroom, Rachel getting into bed while Ross is reading and laughs.

**Rachel:** Funny book?

**Ross:** Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying ‘I’ll see you Saturday.’

**Rachel:** Yeah, at the [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]], I told you that last week, you said you didn’t mind.

**Ross:** Oh, no, no, no, it’s-it’s not the [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] ah, I mind, umm....

**Rachel:** Oh, please tell me it’s not because I’m going with Mark.

**Ross:** Oh, well...

**Rachel:** Oh my God!!! Ross!!

**Ross:** Well, I’m sorry, but ah, look if you’re not working with him anymore, why do you have to still do stuff with him?

**Rachel:** Because, he’s my friend.

**Ross:** Okay, but do you really need another friend? I mean...

**Rachel:** Okay, well if I stop playing with Joey and Chandler, can I play with Mark?

**Ross:** Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?

**Rachel:** I don’t know, you thought ‘See you Saturday’ was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] with me.

**Ross:** Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.

**Rachel:** Really!?

**Ross:** Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion..... [[Friends-词汇总表#monger\|monger]].

**Rachel:** Okay. Honey, I would love for you to go with me. *(Ross has a worried look on his face)* What?

**Ross:** What should I wear, now I’m all [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is looking at her beeper still in the pot. She takes it out, shakes it, and puts it back in.

**Monica:** Y'know they say a watched [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]] never [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beeps]].

**Phoebe:** It’s just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn’t called. Not that I even care, y'know.

**Monica:** Phoebe why don’t you just call her? You obviously want to.

**Phoebe:** You think you know me so well.

**Monica:** Well, don’t ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#cha\|cha]] wanna?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Okay, well I do know you.

**Phoebe:** That’s what I said.

**Monica:** Well so?

**Phoebe:** I can’t. I can’t. She [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was ‘Okay, bye Pheebs’ gone. Y'know what the [[Friends-词汇总表#saddest\|saddest]] part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I’ve ever had in like all my lives.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Leslie is singing.

**Leslie:** *(singing)* My best [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]], so good to me. I wear them [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]]. Down at the [[Friends-词汇总表#heel\|heel]], [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|holes]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toes]]. Don’t care what people say. My feet’s best friends, pals to the end. With them I’m one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....

*(Phoebe runs in and joins her.)*

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* I stepped in something [[Friends-词汇总表#icky\|icky]]. Phoebe and Leslie: *(singing)* Sticky [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]], [[Friends-词汇总表#sticky\|sticky]] shoes, always make me [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]]. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I’ll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The lecture, Rachel is listening closely, Ross is bored out of his mind.

**Lecturer:** We’re beginning to see a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#layer\|layering]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#sheer\|sheer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fabric\|fabrics]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colours]]. For [[Friends-词汇总表#instance\|instance]] a sheer [[Friends-词汇总表#navy\|navy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouse]] over a pink....

**Ross:** *(to Rachel)* I’m really glad we came. *(Rachel smiles and rubs his arm)* You’re so pretty. I love you.

**Rachel:** Oh. *(puts her hand over his mouth)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is teaching Leslie how to sing Smelly Cat.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Smelly cat, [[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it’s not your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]].

**Leslie:** Wow, that’s great.

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah!

**Leslie:** Y'know you could totally sell this. It’d be perfect for like umm, a [[Friends-词汇总表#kitty\|kitty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#litter\|litter]] campaign.

**Phoebe:** I..., a [[Friends-词汇总表#jingle\|jingle]]? No, no-no-no, no.

**Leslie:** What? Why not? You could make a [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] of money.

**Phoebe:** Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I’d be a [[Friends-词汇总表#millionaire\|millionaire]] by now, y'know. You just got to get out of that [[Friends-词汇总表#jingle\|jingle]] head sweetie.

**Leslie:** Aw, you’re right, you’re right. I’m sorry.

**Phoebe:** That’s okay. All right, I’m gonna play song that’s really, really sad. It’s called Magician Box Mix Up. *(she turns her guitar upside down to play it.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The lecture, Ross is passed out against Rachel’s shoulder.

**Lecturer:** ....[[Friends-词汇总表#oversized\|oversized]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelets]], oversized [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]], [[Friends-词汇总表#oversizing\|oversizing]] of accessories in general are very popular now.

*(Ross wakes up with a start and startles Rachel. The guy next to him starts laughing, which starts Ross laughing, Rachel gives him a look and he stops.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is reading the newspaper.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Monica:** Oh, can I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] this? *(points to his milk)* My [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]]’s gone bad.

**Chandler:** Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.

**Monica:** So umm, how was your date with Ginger?

**Chandler:** Great. It was great. She’s ah, she’s great, great looking, great [[Friends-词汇总表#personality\|personality]], she’s [[Friends-词汇总表#greatness\|greatness]].

**Monica:** Sounds like she’s got the ah, whole package.

**Chandler:** Joey told you about the [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]], huh?

**Monica:** Uh-huh.

**Chandler:** Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn’t have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don’t want to stop seeing her, but every so often it’s like ‘Hey, y'know what, where’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]]?’ I mean I’m the [[Friends-词汇总表#smallest\|smallest]] person in the world [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t I? I’m the smallest person in the world.

**Joey:** *(entering from his bedroom)* Morning.

**Chandler:** *(to Monica)* Actually he’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#smallest\|smallest]] person in the world.

**Joey:** *(to Chandler)* Heard about the [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] [[Friends-词汇总表#burnin\|burnin]]’ huh?

**Chandler:** It came up.

**Joey:** Listen, I ah, I know it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#longshot\|longshot]]. But, by any chance did she find that funny?

*(Both Chandler and Monica walk away in disgust.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Rachel are getting back from the lecture.

**Ross:** *(entering)* So I [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nodded]] off a little.

**Rachel:** Nodded off!! Ross you were [[Friends-词汇总表#snore\|snoring]]. My father’s boat didn’t make that much [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] when it hit rocks!

**Ross:** Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about [[Friends-词汇总表#strappy\|strappy]] backed dresses.

**Rachel:** Well okay, how about four hours in a [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freezing]] museum [[Friends-词汇总表#auditorium\|auditorium]] listening to Professor Pitstains and he’s ‘Hey everybody! Remember that thing that’s been dead for a [[Friends-词汇总表#gazillion\|gazillion]] years. Well there’s this little [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]] we didn’t know it had!’

**Ross:** First of all it’s Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]], [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|proved]] that, that particular [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] had [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|wings]], but didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]].

**Rachel:** Okay, see now, what I just heard: blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.

**Ross:** Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would go see a movie called, Jurassic Parka.

**Rachel:** Oh, that is so...

**Ross:** No-no-no, a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of out of control [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jackets]] take over an island. *(Makes an unusual sound, then he realises that he still has his jacket on and quickly tries to shake it off, thinking it’s alive and attacking him.)*

**Rachel:** Y'know if what I do is so [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]], then why did you [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn’t go with Mark?

**Ross:** No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don’t know, I feel like [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]], I feel like you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slipping]] away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you’ve got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]], but I hate that I’m not a part of it.

**Rachel:** It’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]]. But, maybe it’s okay that you’re not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? *(Ross looks confused)* I mean it’s like, I-I-I like that you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]] in that part of my life.

**Ross:** That’s a little [[Friends-词汇总表#clearer\|clearer]].

**Rachel:** Honey see, it doesn’t mean that I don’t love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it’s-it’s for me y'know, I’m out there, on my own, and I’m doing it and it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] but I love it, because it’s mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?

**Ross:** Sure, I-I-I... *(hugs her and mouths No!!)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Ginger are eating dinner.

**Ginger:** Your thinking about my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you?

**Chandler:** No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again?

**Ginger:** It’s okay if it [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothers]] you. Really. I mean the only thing I need to know is: ‘How much it bothers you?’ because I don’t like wasting my time. Am I wasting my time?

**Chandler:** No. No. I don’t think so.

**Ginger:** Okay. It’s just like anything else, you just have to get used to it.

*(They start making out. She opens his shirt and feels inside and stops.)*

**Ginger:** What’s that?

**Chandler:** That’s-that’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#nubbin\|nubbin]].

**Ginger:** What’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#nubbin\|nubbin]]?

**Chandler:** It’s kinda a ah, a third [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipple]] kinda thing.

**Ginger:** You have three [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipples]]?

**Chandler:** Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] [[Friends-词汇总表#qualify\|qualifies]] as...

*(starts to kiss her again, but she gets up.) Ahh, what?*

**Ginger:** Nothing. I, I just remembered I have to leave.

**Chandler:** You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come?

**Ginger:** Ah well, it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#nubbin\|nubbin]]. Nothing! Umm. Y'know what, I’ll see you later. Okay. *(She leaves and in the hall we see her shake her shoulders like when someone runs their fingernails across a blackboard.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is getting ready to sing as Leslie enters.

**Phoebe:** *(to Leslie)* Oh, I thought you weren’t coming. What? Where were you?

**Leslie:** Come here, come here. *(they go to the side of the stage)* Okay, don’t get mad, okay.

**Phoebe:** Okay, don’t give me a reason to get mad, okay

**Leslie:** I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]].

**Phoebe:** No, look, I told you that I didn’t want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would’ve done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can’t trust you then just forget it.

**Leslie:** No, no, I don’t want to forget it.

**Phoebe:** Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the [[Friends-词汇总表#planet\|planet]] to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won’t be partners. So what’s it gonna be?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe, Monica, and Joey are watching TV.

**Commercial:** *(in the background their singing Smelly Cat)* Problem [[Friends-词汇总表#odour\|odour]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#litter\|litter]] box? Don’t change your [[Friends-词汇总表#kitty\|kitty]], change your kitty litter.

*(Monica gets up and shuts off the TV.)*

**Monica:** Sorry, Pheebs.

**Joey:** Yeah. You okay?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life’s gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn your little [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lessons]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#hopefully\|hopefully]] you grow. Wanna hear a new song?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Monica:** We’d love too.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(singing)* ‘Jingle bitch [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]] me over! Go to hell [[Friends-词汇总表#jingle\|jingle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#whore\|whore]]! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hell-hell.’ That’s all I have so far.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the whole gang except Chandler is there.

**Chandler:** *(entering, happily)* Well hello!

**Joey:** Where have you been?

**Chandler:** The doctor.

**Ross:** Is everything okay?

**Chandler:** Oh yes! Just had me a little [[Friends-词汇总表#nubbin\|nubbin]]-ectomy. Yep! Two [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipples]], no waiting.

**Monica:** Wow! It’s like Rachel in High School.

**Rachel:** What?!!

**Monica:** Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] joke!

**Chandler:** That was an [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] joke, and I didn’t think of it. Why didn’t I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] God, what have I done!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 3 | 133 | 83 | *All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Oh well that’s great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh?  Good bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 3 | 156 | 115 | *I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 3 | 182 | 101 | *Oh damn, I hate that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 3 | 199 | 123 | *Okay.  ‘Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Yeah, but, I don’t do that anymore. I got kinda sick of it, and then I couldn’t come up with anythin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *But work comes first!  Oh hey, but that’s sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Oh well that’s great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh?  Good bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *What should I wear, now I’m all nervous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *I can’t. I can’t. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was ‘Okay, bye Phe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 2 | 130 | 71 | *Come here, come here.  Okay, don’t get mad, okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *No, look, I told you that I didn’t want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it any* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 2 | 134 | 69 | *Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Well, I y'know, I was just, umm, I was just thinking and hoping, that umm, maybe you’d want to get b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn’t wait. I left the lid up for ya though.* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Joey? Joey Tribbiani?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *But work comes first!  Oh hey, but that’s sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Yeah, you bet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That’s the twentieth time to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Wow, she must have hurt you pretty bad, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the barge to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Oh, you two must have been so cute running around on a barge.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Well, that’s the best kiss I’ve had with anyone I’ve ever met in a men’s room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Oh damn, I hate that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh, don’t worry about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Phoebe why don’t you just call her? You obviously want to.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *I’m really glad we came.  You’re so pretty. I love you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn’t have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don’t wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Honey see, it doesn’t mean that I don’t love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *No, look, I told you that I didn’t want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it any* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life’s gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *Okay.  ‘Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!* |

### 常用词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 6 | 58 | 39 | *I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should’ve told you about Ginger is that she kinda has * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] | /'lektʃә/ | n. 演讲, 谴责, 讲稿 | n. a speech that is open to the public | 3 | 15 | 10 | *Yeah, at the lecture, I told you that last week, you said you didn’t mind.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 2 | 47 | 42 | *Joey I can see you okay? You’re hiding behind the coats.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 2 | 81 | 49 | *Actually, it’s kinda my fault. I-I quit today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 2 | 34 | 30 | *But work comes first!  Oh hey, but that’s sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all ou* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 2 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo, he’s leaving for a better job.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn’t have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don’t wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nod]] | /nɒd/ | n. 点头, 打盹, 晃动 | n. a sign of assent or salutation or command | 2 | 15 | 10 | *So I nodded off a little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]] | /bәun/ | n. 骨头, 骨, 骨制品 | n. rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates | 2 | 21 | 13 | *Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 2 | 24 | 20 | *No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don’t know, I feel like lately, I feel like you’re slipping away* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 2 | 44 | 41 | *It’s okay if it bothers you. Really. I mean the only thing I need to know is: ‘How much it bothers y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipple]] | /'nipl/ | n. 乳头, 奶头, 奶嘴 | n. the small projection of a mammary gland | 2 | 24 | 14 | *You have three nipples?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] | /'ɒbviәs/ | a. 明显的, 明白的, 显然的, 平淡无奇的 | a. easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind | 2 | 20 | 17 | *Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]] | /raim/ | n. 韵, 押韵, 韵文 | n. correspondence in the sounds of two or more lines (especially final sounds) | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Look at you. All jealous.* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 1 | 49 | 29 | *Okay, my next song’s called: Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say. I Really Loved When We Were Singing Part* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Yeah, but, I don’t do that anymore. I got kinda sick of it, and then I couldn’t come up with anythin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] | /'lesn/ | n. 课, 课业, 教训 | n. a unit of instruction | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] | /dєә/ | n. 挑战, 挑动, 大胆 | n. a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy | 1 | 13 | 12 | *No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called ‘wait until the last moment before I b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jeez\|jeez]] | /dʒi:z/ | int. 呀 |  | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I’m-I’m talking to ah, .  This is the part where you say your * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 1 | 53 | 31 | *Joey I can see you okay? You’re hiding behind the coats.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *Actually, it’s kinda my fault. I-I quit today.* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh.* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, man. That’s the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he’s my roommate, she’s gonna tell h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *Aww, man. That’s the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he’s my roommate, she’s gonna tell h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can’t, I can’t tell you that, it’s like the most awful, horrible thing I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can’t, I can’t tell you that, it’s like the most awful, horrible thing I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freeze]] | /fri:z/ | vi. 冻结, 冷冻, 僵硬, 楞住 | n. the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid | 1 | 18 | 16 | *No, really you’re gonna freeze.* |
| hmmm |  | abbr. 六甲氧基甲基三聚氰胺；氨基树脂 |  | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying ‘I’ll * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *What should I wear, now I’m all nervous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]] | /pɒt/ | n. 盆, 罐, 壶, 坩埚, 奖杯 | n. metal or earthenware cooking vessel that is usually round and deep; often has | 1 | 21 | 13 | *Y'know they say a watched pot never beeps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]] | /bi:p/ | n. 短而尖的声音, 嘟 | n. a short high tone produced as a signal or warning | 1 | 13 | 11 | *Y'know they say a watched pot never beeps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 1 | 31 | 26 | *I can’t. I can’t. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was ‘Okay, bye Phe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don’t care * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don’t care * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] | /tәu/ | n. 足趾, 趾部, 脚趾 | n. one of the digits of the foot | 1 | 25 | 18 | *My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don’t care * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *I stepped in something icky. Phoebe and Leslie:  Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. S* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] | /tʌn/ | n. 吨 | n a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds | 1 | 18 | 17 | *What? Why not? You could make a ton of money.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Oh, can I borrow this?  My milk’s gone bad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Oh, can I borrow this?  My milk’s gone bad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 1 | 40 | 26 | *Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father’s boat didn’t make that much noise when it hit rocks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *First of all it’s Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *First of all it’s Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|wing]] | /wiŋ/ | n. 翅膀, 翼, 机翼, 派别 | n. a movable organ for flying (one of a pair) | 1 | 10 | 10 | *First of all it’s Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *First of all it’s Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] | /leim/ | a. 跛足的, 僵痛的, 不完全的, 金属薄板, 不知内情的人 | n. a fabric interwoven with threads of metal | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] | /in'sist/ | v. 坚持, 坚决主张, 强调 | v. be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don’t know, I feel like lately, I feel like you’re slipping away* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] | /slip/ | n. 滑, 滑行, 事故, 溜, 差错, 滑台, 下降, 插条, 后裔, 板条, 瘦长的年轻人 | n. a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed in speech or writing or in small | 1 | 22 | 22 | *No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don’t know, I feel like lately, I feel like you’re slipping away* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Honey see, it doesn’t mean that I don’t love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went nuts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hopefully\|hopefully]] | /'hәjpfjli/ | adv. 有希望地, 如果希望能实现的话 | r. with hope; in a hopeful manner | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life’s gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Okay.  ‘Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *That was an obvious joke, and I didn’t think of it. Why didn’t I think of it? The source of all my p* |

### 低频词（69）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ginger\|ginger]] | /'dʒindʒә/ | n. 姜, 精力, 姜黄色 | n. perennial plants having thick branching aromatic rhizomes and leafy reedlike  | 9 | 11 | 3 | *Ginger.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] | /'smeli/ | a. 发臭的, 有臭味的 | s offensively malodorous | 6 | 34 | 7 | *Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it’s not your fault.* |
| leslie | /'lezli, 'lisli/ | n. 莱斯利（男子名） |  | 4 | 18 | 8 | *Hey Leslie, how’d you know I’d be here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sticky\|sticky]] | /'stiki/ | a. 粘的, 有粘性的, 顽固的 | s. moist as with undried perspiration and with clothing sticking to the body | 4 | 6 | 2 | *I stepped in something icky. Phoebe and Leslie:  Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. S* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jingle\|jingle]] | /'dʒiŋgl/ | n. 叮当声 | n. a metallic sound | 4 | 4 | 2 | *I..., a jingle? No, no-no-no, no.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barge\|barge]] | /bɑ:dʒ/ | n. 驳船 | n. a flatbottom boat for carrying heavy loads (especially on canals) | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the barge to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pepper\|pepper]] | /'pepә/ | n. 胡椒粉, 胡椒, 辣椒 | n. climber having dark red berries (peppercorns) when fully ripe; southern India | 3 | 9 | 7 | *All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kitty\|kitty]] | /'kiti/ | n. 小猫, 全部赌注 | n. informal terms referring to a domestic cat | 3 | 9 | 7 | *Y'know you could totally sell this. It’d be perfect for like umm, a kitty litter campaign.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#litter\|litter]] | /'litә/ | n. 垃圾, 杂乱, 轿, 担架 | n. the offspring at one birth of a multiparous mammal | 3 | 7 | 5 | *Y'know you could totally sell this. It’d be perfect for like umm, a kitty litter campaign.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smallest\|smallest]] |  | a. 最小的（small的最高级） | a limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn’t have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don’t wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nubbin\|nubbin]] | /'nʌbin/ | n. 小瘤, 小节, (玉蜀黍)发育不良的穗 | n. a small nub (especially an undeveloped fruit or ear of corn) | 3 | 8 | 2 | *That’s-that’s my nubbin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puddle\|puddle]] | /'pʌdl/ | n. 小池, 水坑, 胶土 | n. a mixture of wet clay and sand that can be used to line a pond and that is im | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Op, foot in a puddle, foot all in a puddle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sheer\|sheer]] | /ʃiә/ | a. 绝对的, 全然的, 纯粹的, 透明的, 峻峭的 | v. cause to sheer | 2 | 3 | 2 | *We’re beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oversized\|oversized]] | /'әuvә'saizd/ | a. 过大的, 极大的 | s larger than normal for its kind | 2 | 2 | 1 | *....oversized bracelets, oversized earrings, oversizing of accessories in general are very popular n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grace\|grace]] | /greis/ | n. 优雅, 风度, 慈悲, 恩惠, 体面, 赦免, 恩典, 谢恩祷告 | n. (Christian theology) a state of sanctification by God; the state of one who i | 1 | 3 | 3 | *‘Cause every time I see your face, I can’t help but fall from grace. I know.....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beside\|beside]] | /bi'said/ | prep. 在旁边 | n. At the side of; on one side of. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *beside meeeee-eeee-ee. .* |
| vlad | /vlæd/ | n. 弗拉德（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I ran into Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish, and he said you played here a lot, so umm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandon]] | /ә'bændәn/ | vt. 放弃, 抛弃, 遗弃, 使屈从, 沉溺, 放纵 | n. the trait of lacking restraint or control; reckless freedom from inhibition o | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Actually I said she abandoned me to write jingles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stew\|stew]] | /stju:/ | n. 炖, 烦恼, 热浴, 妓院, 鱼塘 | n. food prepared by stewing especially meat or fish with vegetables | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Ah, yeah, umm.  Home is never far away.. Monica, Ross, and Joey:  Home is Home Star stew.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bummer\|bummer]] | /'bʌmә/ | n. 无赖, 游民, 游荡者 | n. an experience that is irritating or frustrating or disappointing | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hmm, bummer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brutal\|brutal]] | /'bru:tәl/ | a. 残忍的, 野蛮的, 不讲理的 | s. harsh | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Wow, that was kinda brutal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#betray\|betray]] | /bi'trei/ | vt. 出卖, 背叛, 辜负, 暴露 | v. reveal unintentionally | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unyielding\|unyielding]] | /.ʌn'ji:ldiŋ/ | a. 不易弯曲的, 不屈的 | s. resistant to physical force or pressure | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penetrate\|penetrate]] | /'penitreit/ | vt. 穿透, 刺穿, 渗透, 看穿, 洞察, 了解, 使充溢 | v. pass into or through, often by overcoming resistance | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#icy\|icy]] | /'aisi/ | a. 冰的, 冰冷的, 冷淡的, 滑溜的 | s. covered with or containing or consisting of ice | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exterior\|exterior]] | /ik'stiәriә/ | n. 外部, 表面, 外貌 | a. situated in or suitable for the outdoors or outside of a building | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#devil\|devil]] | /'devәl/ | n. 魔鬼 | n. an evil supernatural being | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called ‘wait until the last moment before I b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burst\|burst]] | /bә:st/ | n. 破裂, 突发, 爆发 | n. a sudden flurry of activity (often for no obvious reason) | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called ‘wait until the last moment before I b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lid\|lid]] | /lid/ | n. 盖子, 限制, 眼睑 | n. a movable top or cover (hinged or separate) for closing the opening at the to | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn’t wait. I left the lid up for ya though.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phew\|phew]] | /fju:/ | interj. 咳, 哦, 唷 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Phew, close one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicacy\|delicacy]] | /'delikәsi/ | n. 细软, 精致, 精美的食品, 娇气, 微妙, 棘手, 娇弱, 灵敏, 灵巧 | n. refined taste; tact | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know those are a delicacy in India.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twentieth\|twentieth]] | /'twentiiθ/ | num. 第二十, 二十分之一 | n. position 20 in a countable series of things | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That’s the twentieth time to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cabin\|cabin]] | /'kæbin/ | n. 小屋, 客舱 | n. small room on a ship or boat where people sleep | 1 | 8 | 5 | *All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poison]] | /'pɒizn/ | n. 毒药, 毒, 毒物, 有毒害的事物 | n. any substance that causes injury or illness or death of a living organism | 1 | 8 | 8 | *You gave her food poisoning!?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#artificial\|artificial]] | /.ɑ:ti'fiʃәl/ | a. 人造的, 假的, 非原地产的 | a. contrived by art rather than nature | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should’ve told you about Ginger is that she kinda has * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bionic\|bionic]] | /bai'ɔnik/ | a. 超越人力的(速度/力量) | a. of or relating to bionics | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You’re not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monger\|monger]] | /'mʌŋgә/ | n. 商人, ...商, ...贩 | n someone who purchases and maintains an inventory of goods to be sold | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cha\|cha]] | /tʃɑ:/ | n. （英俚）茶 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Well, don’t ‘cha wanna?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saddest\|saddest]] | /sædist/ | a. 悲伤的（sad的最高级） | a experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I can’t. I can’t. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was ‘Okay, bye Phe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heel\|heel]] | /hi:l/ | n. 脚后跟, 踵, 后部, 倾侧 | n. the bottom of a shoe or boot; the back part of a shoe or boot that touches th | 1 | 6 | 6 | *My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don’t care * |
| chicky |  | [网络] 阿曼达·拜恩斯；宝贝儿；金毛狮王 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don’t care * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#icky\|icky]] | /'iki/ | a. 过粘的, 过甜的, 讨厌的 | s. very bad | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I stepped in something icky. Phoebe and Leslie:  Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. S* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#layer\|layer]] | /'leiә/ | n. 层, 产卵鸡, 放置者 | n. single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance | 1 | 11 | 9 | *We’re beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fabric\|fabric]] | /'fæbrik/ | n. 织物, 布, 结构, 构造, 建筑物 | n. artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synt | 1 | 5 | 5 | *We’re beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colour]] | /'kʌlә/ | n. 颜色, 面色, 颜料, 外貌 | n any material used for its color | 1 | 7 | 6 | *We’re beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instance\|instance]] | /'instәns/ | n. 建议, 情况, 例子, 场合 | n an occurrence of something | 1 | 7 | 7 | *We’re beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#navy\|navy]] | /'neivi/ | n. 海军, 海军人员, 海军军力, 烟蒂 | n. an organization of military vessels belonging to a country and available for  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *We’re beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouse]] | /blauz/ | n. 宽松的上衣 | n. a top worn by women | 1 | 8 | 8 | *We’re beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#millionaire\|millionaire]] | /.miljә'nєә/ | n. 百万富翁, 大富豪 | n. a person whose material wealth is valued at more than a million dollars | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I’d be a millionaire by now, y'know. You just got to get * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magician\|magician]] | /mә'dʒiʃәn/ | n. 魔术家, 幻术家, 术士 | n. someone who performs magic tricks to amuse an audience | 1 | 3 | 2 | *That’s okay. All right, I’m gonna play song that’s really, really sad. It’s called Magician Box Mix * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] | /'breislit/ | n. 手镯 | n. jewelry worn around the wrist for decoration | 1 | 18 | 5 | *....oversized bracelets, oversized earrings, oversizing of accessories in general are very popular n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earring]] | /'iәriŋ/ | n. 耳环, 耳饰 | n. jewelry to ornament the ear; usually clipped to the earlobe or fastened throu | 1 | 20 | 9 | *....oversized bracelets, oversized earrings, oversizing of accessories in general are very popular n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oversizing\|oversizing]] | /әuvә'saiziŋ/ | 选择参数的裕度 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *....oversized bracelets, oversized earrings, oversizing of accessories in general are very popular n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#personality\|personality]] | /.pә:sә'næliti/ | n. 个性, 人格, (团体、地方、国家)特有特性, 名人 | n. the complex of all the attributes--behavioral, temperamental, emotional and m | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Great. It was great. She’s ah, she’s great, great looking, great personality, she’s greatness.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatness\|greatness]] | /'greitnis/ | n. 大, 巨大, 广大 | n. the property possessed by something or someone of outstanding importance or e | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Great. It was great. She’s ah, she’s great, great looking, great personality, she’s greatness.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burnin\|burnin]] |  | v. 腐蚀 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Heard about the leg burnin’ huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#longshot\|longshot]] |  | n. 〈非正式〉高风险的赌注；可能性极小的事；【摄】远景 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Listen, I ah, I know it’s a longshot. But, by any chance did she find that funny?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snore\|snore]] | /snɒ:/ | n. 鼾声, 打鼾 | n. the rattling noise produced when snoring | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father’s boat didn’t make that much noise when it hit rocks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strappy\|strappy]] | /'stræpi/ | a. (鞋类或衣服)有襻的,有带子的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#auditorium\|auditorium]] | /.ɒ:di'tɒ:riәm/ | n. 听众席, 礼堂 | n. the area of a theater or concert hall where the audience sits | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gazillion\|gazillion]] | /gəˈzɪljən/ | n. <口>许许多多 | n a very large indefinite number (usually hyperbole) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jurassic\|jurassic]] | /dʒu'ræsik/ | a. 侏罗纪的, 侏罗系的 | n. from 190 million to 135 million years ago; dinosaurs; conifers | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#parka\|parka]] | /'pɑ:kә/ | n. 皮制连帽大衣, 派克大衣 | n. a kind of heavy jacket (`windcheater' is a British term) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clearer\|clearer]] | /'kliәrә/ | [医] 澄清剂, 透明剂 | a readily apparent to the mind | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s a little clearer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#qualify\|qualify]] | /'kwɒlifai/ | vi. 取得资格, 有资格 | v. prove capable or fit; meet requirements | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#planet\|planet]] | /'plænit/ | n. 行星, 命运星辰, 杰出的人, 重大影响的事 | n. (astronomy) any of the nine large celestial bodies in the solar system that r | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you * |
| poopy |  | [网络] 疲倦的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odour\|odour]] | /'әudә/ | n. 气味, 臭气, 香气, 味道, 迹象, 名誉, 声誉 | n the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulated | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Problem odour in the litter box? Don’t change your kitty, change your kitty litter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whore\|whore]] | /hɒ:/ | n. 娼妓 | v. work as a prostitute | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Okay.  ‘Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hel* |
