---
season: 3
episode: "04"
title: "The One With The Metaphorical Tunnel"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E04 — The One With The Metaphorical Tunnel

*Written by: Alexa Junge*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's: everyone is there and they are watching an info-mercial that stars Joey.

**Host:** Welcome everybody, welcome to Amazing Discoveries!

**Phoebe:** Oh, oh! It's on again!

**Joey:** You guys, can we please not watch this all right.

**All:** Shhhh!

**Host:** Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] to get a nice glass of [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]], *(Joey is in the background struggling to open a cartoon of milk)* and these [[Friends-词汇总表#darn\|darn]] [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|cartons]] are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.

**Joey:** *(on tv)* Oh, you said it Mike. *(rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter)* Aw! There's got to be a better way!

**Mike:** And there is Kevin.

**Joey:** Can we please turn this off?

**Rachel:** Noo way, Kevin.

**Mike:** There is a [[Friends-词汇总表#revolutionary\|revolutionary]] new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|cartons]] again. Meet the Milk Master 2000.

**Ross:** *(to Chandler)* Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#intrigue\|intrigued]]?

**Chandler:** You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!

**Mike:** Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. *(to Kevin)* Go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]. *('Kevin' starts using the product, it is a spout that you jab into a paper milk carton so that you don't have to rip it open.)* This works with any [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|carton]].

**Joey:** *(on TV, finishing installing the Milk Master 2000)* Wow, it is easy.

*(starts to poor the milk) Now, I can have milk everyday.*

*(They all start laughing at him)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Monica, Janice are sitting on the couch, and Phoebe is sitting next to them in the chair.

**Chandler:** Well, it's official there are no good movies.

**Janice:** Well, let's go to a bad one and make out. *(they start to kiss and lean back into Monica.)*

**Monica:** Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this, *(turns sideways on the couch)* so that you can [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] against my back.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey, man. What's up?

**Joey:** Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!

**Chandler:** Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy [[Friends-词汇总表#guilt\|guilt]], but, ah, it wasn't me.

**Phoebe:** Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! *(they all stare at her)* Okay, it was me!

**Joey:** How is it you?

**Phoebe:** Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]], counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it. *(shows him her hand)*

**Joey:** Yep, that's my [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]].

**Monica:** See, now this is why I keep [[Friends-词汇总表#notepad\|notepads]] [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]].

**Phoebe:** Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play.

**Janice:** What is the great [[Friends-词汇总表#tragedy\|tragedy]] here? You go get yourself another [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]].

**Joey:** Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.

**Phoebe:** That is [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]]. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]].

**Joey:** Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.

**Phoebe:** What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh *(starts dialing)*.

**Joey:** What, what are you doing? What are you doing?

**Phoebe:** No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. *(on the phone in a different voice)* 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'

**Joey:** Hang up, hang up. *(reaches with his good arm, but Phoebe grabs it and he tries to reach the phone with his other arm but can't because of the sling.)*

**Phoebe:** *(on phone)* 'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burns]] down the apartment, the world does not stop.'

**Chandler:** Is anybody else scared?

**Phoebe:** *(on phone)* 'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]], that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]], what time can you see him?' *(to Monica)* I need a [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]]. *(Chandler hands her one, but she needs something to right on, so she tilts Chandler's head over and writes on the back of his neck)*

**Chandler:** Get the woman a [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pad]]! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!

**Monica:** Oh, now you want a [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pad]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Carol and Susan are dropping off Ben] Carol and Susan: (entering) Hey!!

**Ross:** There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi *(Ben is holding a Barbi doll)* What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi?

**Carol:** He picked it out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]] store himself, he loves it.

**Susan:** He carries it [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]], it's like a security [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]], but with [[Friends-词汇总表#ski\|ski]] [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#kicky\|kicky]] [[Friends-词汇总表#beret\|beret]].

**Ross:** Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?

**Susan:** So he's got a [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]]? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.

**Carol:** This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raised]] by two women, does it?

**Ross:** You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.

*(cut to later in the day)*

**Ross:** Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the [[Friends-词汇总表#monster\|monster]] truck? *(makes a monster truck sound)* No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder? *(squawks like a dinosaur)*

**Rachel:** Ross, you are so [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]]. Why can't your son just play with his [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]]?

*(uses the Milk Master 2000 to pour milk into her cereal)*

**Monica:** *(entering from her bedroom)* I gotta go to work. Has anybody seen my left [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]]?

**Joey:** I love that movie. *(Joey is using it as a pillow)*

**Monica:** There it is. Joey, what are you doing?

**Joey:** I'm sorry, it just felt nice.

**Chandler:** *(entering with his ringing phone)* Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.

**Joey:** Hey, I only got one good [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]], you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]].

**Chandler:** Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. *(phone stops ringing)* Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.

**Rachel:** What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?

**Chandler:** Okay, last night at dinner, when the [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meals]] came, she put half her [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] [[Friends-词汇总表#piccata\|piccata]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] and took my [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomatoes]].

**Ross:** And that's bad because..., you hate [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] [[Friends-词汇总表#piccata\|piccata]]?

**Chandler:** Noo.

**Ross:** You didn't want to share your [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomatoes]], tomatoes are very important to you.

**Chandler:** No, it's like all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]], we were this couple. And this [[Friends-词汇总表#alarm\|alarm]] started going off in my head: 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'

**Rachel:** Men are [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]].

**Monica:** What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?

**Chandler:** I know, that, *(looks at her fake chest, and loses his train of thought, temporarily)* that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.

**Monica:** Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and [[Friends-词汇总表#distant\|distant]] until you get us to break up with you.

**Joey:** Hey, you know about that?!

**Chandler:** Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] thing. I wanna go through the [[Friends-词汇总表#tunnel\|tunnel]], to the other side!

*(Joey looks quizzically at Ross)*

**Ross:** *(to Joey)* Where there is no [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]].

**Chandler:** Do we have any...*(turns around and bumps Monica's fake chest)* Do we have any thoughts here?

**Joey:** Well, I've never been through the [[Friends-词汇总表#tunnel\|tunnel]] myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]]. It have a fear of [[Friends-词汇总表#height\|heights]], you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]], so I say you go in there and be the most [[Friends-词汇总表#commit\|committed]] guy there ever was.

**Rachel:** Amazingly, that makes sense.

**Chandler:** You think?

**Joey:** Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high [[Friends-词汇总表#dive\|dive]], [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stare]] down the [[Friends-词汇总表#barrel\|barrel]] of the [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]], [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] into the wind!

**Chandler:** Yeah, Joe, I [[Friends-词汇总表#assure\|assure]] you if I'm staring down the [[Friends-词汇总表#barrel\|barrel]] of a [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]], I'm pretty much [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|peeing]] every which way.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe's beeper is going off

**Phoebe:** Oh, it's your [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] from this morning. Can I use the phone again?

**Rachel:** Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] agents.

**Joey:** Come on baby, come on!

**Phoebe:** *(on phone, in 'Katelynn's' voice)* 'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'

**Rachel:** Very nice touch.

**Phoebe:** *(in voice, on phone)* 'Okay, go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]].' *(in normal voice on phone)* Um, hi Annie. *(listens)* Fantastic! *(to Joey)* You got it. *(on phone)* Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, *(Joey clears his throat to signify yes)* except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]]. I would love to have [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] with you, how about we have lunch next....*(hangs up phone)* Op, went through a [[Friends-词汇总表#tunnel\|tunnel]].

**Rachel:** Unbelievable.

**Joey:** Thank you so much.

**Phoebe:** It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.

**Joey:** You were amazing, could you just do me this huge [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]], you see there's this one other [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.

**Phoebe:** Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time.

**Joey:** Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.

**Phoebe:** Two?

**Joey:** Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you.

**Phoebe:** Okay, I'll do it, but just these three, right

**Joey:** Nooo, four.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Janice are having dinner

**Janice:** So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?

**Chandler:** 'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this. *(hands her a present)*

**Janice:** Ohhh, are you a [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]]! *(opens it)* Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.

**Chandler:** Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]]. *(gives her a drawer)* See, the [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] actually goes in my [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]].

**Janice:** Oh, you didn't have to do this.

**Chandler:** Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.

**Janice:** Well, I gotta buy a [[Friends-词汇总表#vowel\|vowel]]. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]], Chandler Bing would buy me a [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]].

**Chandler:** Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.

**Janice:** We should?

**Chandler:** Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!

**Janice:** *(laughs)* I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?

**Chandler:** I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|feared]] this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.

**Janice:** You probably want us to move in together?

**Chandler:** It doesn't [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] me!

**Janice:** Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for [[Friends-词汇总表#pasta\|pasta]], and all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]]. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...*(starts to leave)*

**Chandler:** Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#hopeless\|hopeless]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]] for love!! *(Janice leaves, Chandler then calls Janice to leave a message on her machine)* Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] in advance for having [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chased]] you down the street. *(runs out the door)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are comforting Chandler

**Rachel:** Honey, this will help. *(hands him a tub of ice cream)*

**Chandler:** So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] down. Rachel and Monica: Uff.

**Monica:** That is never good.

**Chandler:** Then I got all [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#clingy\|clingy]].

**Rachel:** Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Maybe it's not so bad. How did you leave it?

**Chandler:** She said she'd call me. Rachel and Monica: Ohh! *(both grab there stomachs in pain)*

**Chandler:** Oh God.

**Monica:** Welcome to our side of the [[Friends-词汇总表#tunnel\|tunnel]].

**Chandler:** This ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|tastes]] like [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] by the way.

**Rachel:** Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non [[Friends-词汇总表#dairy\|dairy]], [[Friends-词汇总表#soy\|soy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] [[Friends-词汇总表#junk\|junk]]. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really [[Friends-词汇总表#terminal\|terminal]] cases.

**Monica:** You know, when you start get [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]] over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.

**Rachel:** Yeah, you do.

**Chandler:** So, you don't think I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#terminal\|terminal]]?

**Monica:** Well, no, not at all, you're not [[Friends-词汇总表#terminal\|terminal]], you just, you just need some damage control.

**Chandler:** Okay, okay. So, should I call her? Rachel and Monica: Nooo!

**Rachel:** This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]] shopping, you get your [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] in a [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubble]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]]. You want her back you have to start acting [[Friends-词汇总表#aloof\|aloof]].

**Monica:** She has to know that your not ready.

**Rachel:** Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] run into her on purpose. And then act [[Friends-词汇总表#aloof\|aloof]].

**Chandler:** So I'm not, not gonna lose her?

**Rachel:** Oooh, honey, you're not a total [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]].

**Chandler:** I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?'

**Rachel:** Oh.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is still trying to get Ben to play with something other than the Barbi doll.

**Ross:** Guess who's here. It's the [[Friends-词汇总表#toughest\|toughest]] guy in [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]] land, Ben. *(singing)* 'A real American [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]]. I'm G.I. Joe!' Drop the Barbi, drop the Barbi.

**Rachel:** G.I. Joe? Do you really think he's gonna fall for that?

**Joey:** *(entering)* G. I. Joe! Cool! Can I play?

**Ross:** Look Ben, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]] that protects U.S. oil interests [[Friends-词汇总表#overseas\|overseas]]! Joey and Ross: Go Joe!!!

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Helloo! Oh! *(sees Joey and starts to leave)*

**Joey:** Pheebs! There you are!

**Phoebe:** No it's not, sorry.

**Joey:** But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe! *(catches her in the hallway)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] you wearing, in those....pants.

**Joey:** Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] at it.

**Phoebe:** Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

**Joey:** It's okay, these things happen.

**Phoebe:** But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.

**Joey:** I'm, I'm okay. See. *(tries to smile, but fails horribly)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, now you're sad and [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]], oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]], okay, I just quit.

**Joey:** No! No, no you can't [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, [[Friends-词汇总表#rejection\|rejection]] is part being an actor, you can't take it [[Friends-词汇总表#personally\|personally]].

**Phoebe:** Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]].

**Joey:** They actually said that?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...

**Joey:** No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. *(in a very bad Italian accent)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#canna\|canna]] work on a new [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.

**Ross:** *(running into the hall, in slow motion)* You'll never get me, Joe!!! *(he then pretends that he gets shot repeatedly and falls back against Joey and Chandler's door, dead.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A grocery store that Janice shops in. Chandler is on purpose, accidentally bumping into her.

**Janice:** *(to butcher)* No, thank you. *(Chandler makes a sound and she notices him)* Chandler!

**Chandler:** *(in a British accent)* Hello, Janice.

**Janice:** What are you doing here?

**Chandler:** *(in accent)* Oh, just a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of shopping. How've you been?

**Janice:** Are you being British?!

**Chandler:** *(normal voice)* No. Not anymore.

**Janice:** Why are you shopping here? You don't live in this [[Friends-词汇总表#neighborhood\|neighborhood]]. Were you here waiting for me?

**Chandler:** Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] up some things for a party. *(grabs a bag off of the shelf)*

**Janice:** Barley? What kind of party serves [[Friends-词汇总表#barley\|barley]]?

**Chandler:** Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticated]] as yours.

**Janice:** Where is this party?

**Chandler:** Here in Chelsea.

**Janice:** Who's party is it?

**Chandler:** A woman's

**Janice:** What woman?!

**Chandler:** *(shyly)* Chelsea.

**Janice:** Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#planet\|planet]]. Or, else you're [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]] that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] that I could start crying right here in the [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]]. So like which of these two guys do you want to be? *(another guy walks by)*

**Chandler:** Can I be that guy?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Phoebe are there

**Phoebe:** Okay, so we got some more good [[Friends-词汇总表#rejection\|rejections]], lots of stuff to work on.

**Joey:** Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]].

**Phoebe:** Okay, um, oh, the [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] commercial.

**Joey:** I didn't get it?

**Phoebe:** No. They said you 'Weren't [[Friends-词汇总表#believable\|believable]] as a human being.' So, you can work on that.

**Joey:** Okay, what else?

**Phoebe:** Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]].'

**Joey:** Oh.

**Phoebe:** Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]].'

**Joey:** Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Joey:** Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] brains out.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, no, I understand.

**Joey:** You do, thanks.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Sorry. *(she starts to leave)*

**Joey:** Wait a minute.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Joey:** Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.

**Phoebe:** *(in a coy tone)* Oh, you caught me. I am so [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|busted]].

**Joey:** *(in a really, really bad Italian accent)* That's-ah what I [[Friends-词汇总表#suspect\|suspected]]-ah.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is laying on the counter and Rachel and Monica are comforting him again.

**Chandler:** ....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of [[Friends-词汇总表#barley\|barley]] at her, and ran out of the store.

**Monica:** My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.

**Chandler:** I've actually [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]] this haven't I? It's time for the good ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] now, right?

**Rachel:** Yeah, it is.

**Monica:** You know what, everything's gonna be okay.

*(phone rings)*

**Chandler:** *(answering phone)* Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. *(to Monica and Rachel)* Okay, what do I do?

**Rachel:** Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally [[Friends-词汇总表#unprecedented\|unprecedented]].

**Monica:** If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Hello!

**Monica:** Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be [[Friends-词汇总表#sleepy\|sleepy]].

**Rachel:** Yes, and [[Friends-词汇总表#grumpy\|grumpy]].

**Chandler:** What are you, stop naming [[Friends-词汇总表#dwarf\|dwarves]]! *(on phone)* Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]]. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. *(listens)* Really?! *(listens)* Really?!

**Rachel:** He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.

**Chandler:** *(on phone)* I love you too.

**Monica:** Aw, it's soo [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]]. *(they both start digging into the 'good' ice cream)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Carol and Susan are picking up Ben, while Monica is pouring chocolate syrup, lots of it, into her ice cream.

**Carol:** G. I. Joe. G. I. Joe?!

**Ross:** Hey, I don't know what to tell you guys that's the [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] he chose.

**Susan:** What'd you do, [[Friends-词汇总表#dip\|dip]] it in [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]]?

**Ross:** Look, G. I. Joe's in, Barbi's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.'

**Monica:** What are you being such a [[Friends-词汇总表#weenie\|weenie]] for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.

**Ross:** What?

**Monica:** Well, you used to dress up in Mom's clothes all the time.

**Ross:** What are you talking about?

**Monica:** The big hat, the [[Friends-词汇总表#pearl\|pearls]], the little pick [[Friends-词汇总表#handbag\|handbag]].

**Ross:** Okay, you are totally making this up.

**Monica:** How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea.

**Ross:** *(remembering)* Oh God.

**Susan:** I've [[Friends-词汇总表#literally\|literally]] never been this happy.

**Monica:** Wasn't there a little song?

**Carol:** Oh please God, let there be a song.

**Ross:** There was no song. *(to Monica)* There was no song!

**Monica:** *(singing)* 'I am Bea.'

**Ross:** Okay.

**Monica:** 'I drink [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]].'

**Ross:** Okay, that's, that's enough. *(retreats to the bathroom)*

**Monica:** '....Won't you, won't you, won't you.... '

**Ross:** *(coming out of the bathroom)* Won't you dance around with me.

**Monica:** A-ha!!! *(they all start laughing, as Ross hides in the bathroom)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: It's an old home movie of the Geller's backyard, young Ross is dressed up as Bea, and pouring himself/herself some tea.

**Young Ross:** *(singing)* 'I am Bea. I drink tea. Won't you dance around with....' *(spills some tea and it drips onto his/her dress)* Ohhh! *(runs away crying)*

**Young Monica:** *(entering the shot)* Ross!!! *(starts to wipe up the spill)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 4 | 72 | 52 | *So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 3 | 162 | 106 | *Welcome everybody, welcome to Amazing Discoveries!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 3 | 279 | 145 | *That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 3 | 73 | 55 | *Is anybody else scared?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *I know, that,  that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Hang up, hang up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Ohhh, are you a puppy!  Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 2 | 101 | 74 | *So I'm not, not gonna lose her?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 95 | 64 | *But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 2 | 88 | 57 | *No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 2 | 135 | 75 | *What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play.* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *And that's bad because..., you hate chicken piccata?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh, are you a puppy!  Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should ge* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben.  'A real American hero. I'm G.I. Joe!' Dro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *No. Not anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *What are you, stop naming dwarves!  Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *What are you, stop naming dwarves!  Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.* |

### 常用词（77）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 6 | 87 | 38 | *Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't kno* |
| estelle | /es'tel/ | n. 埃斯特尔(f.) |  | 6 | 27 | 10 | *Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 5 | 57 | 33 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] | /dɒl/ | n. 洋娃娃, 无头脑的美丽女人 | n. a small replica of a person; used as a toy | 4 | 17 | 11 | *'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]] | /fiә/ | n. 恐怖, 害怕, 担心 | n. an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usual | 4 | 29 | 14 | *Where there is no fear of commitment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]] | /tә'mɑ:tәu/ | n. 番茄, 西红柿 | n. mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable | 3 | 17 | 12 | *Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 3 | 18 | 14 | *Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 3 | 23 | 19 | *Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer.  See, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 3 | 80 | 46 | *Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 3 | 24 | 20 | *Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.'* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 2 | 46 | 31 | *Noo way, Kevin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 2 | 50 | 40 | *Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do.  Go ahea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 2 | 25 | 21 | *See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]] | /.ʌn'fєә/ | a. 不公平的, 不正直的, 不正当的 | a. not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception | 2 | 18 | 16 | *That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 2 | 49 | 29 | *No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh.  'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] | /pә'θetik/ | a. 悲哀的, 可怜的, 感伤的, 差劲的 | s. inspiring mixed contempt and pity | 2 | 18 | 14 | *Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 2 | 74 | 39 | *Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 2 | 29 | 27 | *No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head: '* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 2 | 56 | 47 | *Men are unbelievable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] | /gʌn/ | n. 枪 | n. a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal  | 2 | 22 | 16 | *Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 2 | 53 | 46 | *Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 2 | 92 | 47 | *'Okay, go ahead.'  Um, hi Annie.  Fantastic!  You got it.  Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' y* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 2 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo, four.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 2 | 32 | 22 | *This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] | /'æksәnt/ | n. 重音, 口音, 特点, 注重点 | n. distinctive manner of oral expression | 2 | 21 | 11 | *Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accen* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 2 | 42 | 29 | *He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#folk\|folk]] | /fәuk/ | n. 人们, 家人, 亲属, 民族 | n. people in general (often used in the plural) | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] | /ri'fridʒәreitә/ | n. 电冰箱, 冷藏库 | n. white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] | /'bʌni/ | n. 兔子 | n. a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a | 1 | 32 | 17 | *Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this,  so that you can bunny bump against my back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this,  so that you can bunny bump against my back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] | /'klɒzit/ | n. 壁橱, 小室 | n. a small private room for study or prayer | 1 | 32 | 20 | *Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *What is the great tragedy here? You go get yourself another appointment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] | /pen/ | n. 钢笔, 笔, 笔调, 笔杆子, 作家, 围栏, 栅栏, 禽畜 | n. a writing implement with a point from which ink flows | 1 | 22 | 11 | *'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 1 | 27 | 18 | *I gotta go to work. Has anybody seen my left boob?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] | /pleit/ | n. 碟, 盘子, 盆中物, 金属板, 图版, 金银餐具, 印版, 金属牌(照) | n. a sheet of metal or wood or glass or plastic | 1 | 49 | 19 | *Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] | /fæn'tæstik/ | a. 奇妙的, 稀奇的, 空想的 | s. extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 23 | 21 | *'Okay, go ahead.'  Um, hi Annie.  Fantastic!  You got it.  Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *'Okay, go ahead.'  Um, hi Annie.  Fantastic!  You got it.  Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]] | /'pʌpi/ | n. 小狗, 小动物, 自负的年轻人 | n. a young dog | 1 | 22 | 12 | *Ohhh, are you a puppy!  Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] | /'sʌmdei/ | adv. 有一天 | r. some unspecified time in the future | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] | /skєә/ | n. 惊吓, 恐慌 | n. a sudden attack of fear | 1 | 21 | 20 | *It doesn't scare me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] | /'ɒ:kwәd/ | a. 笨拙的, 棘手的 | s. causing inconvenience | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desper* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desper* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desper* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]] | /ʃu:/ | n. 鞋, 靴, 外胎 | n. footwear shaped to fit the foot (below the ankle) with a flexible upper of le | 1 | 31 | 14 | *This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubble]] | /'bʌbl/ | n. 泡沫 | n. a hollow globule of gas (e.g., air or carbon dioxide) | 1 | 20 | 16 | *This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1 | 37 | 22 | *This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] | /.æksi'dentli/ | adv. 偶然地, 意外地 | r without advance planning | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act al* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh, honey, you're not a total loser.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 1 | 32 | 24 | *Oooh, honey, you're not a total loser.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]] | /'hiәrәu/ | n. 英雄, 超越常人者, 男主角 | n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben.  'A real American hero. I'm G.I. Joe!' Dro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] | /'rekәgnaiz/ | vt. 认出, 认可, 承认, 公认, 识别, 赏识 | v. be fully aware or cognizant of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] | /'kri:pi/ | a. 爬行的, 令人毛骨悚然的 | s. annoying and unpleasant | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticate]] | /sә'fistikeit/ | n. 久经世故的人, 精于...之道的人 | n. a worldly-wise person | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] | /ail/ | n. 走廊, 侧廊, 过道 | n. a long narrow passage (as in a cave or woods) | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Okay, shoot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *What are you, stop naming dwarves!  Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been* |

### 低频词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| barbi |  | n. (Barbi)人名；(意、法)巴尔比 |  | 9 | 10 | 2 | *There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi  What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pad]] | /pæd/ | n. 填补, 衬垫, 印色盒, 路 | n. a number of sheets of paper fastened together along one edge | 5 | 12 | 7 | *Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tunnel\|tunnel]] | /'tʌnl/ | n. 隧道, 地下道 | n. a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one  | 4 | 8 | 5 | *Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]] | /tɒi/ | n. 玩具, 小玩艺儿, 小型的东西, 消遣 | n. a nonfunctional replica of something else (frequently used as a modifier) | 3 | 14 | 8 | *He picked it out of the toy store himself, he loves it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terminal\|terminal]] | /'tә:minәl/ | n. 终端机, 终点, 末端, 极限, 终点站 | n. station where transport vehicles load or unload passengers or goods | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for thos* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barley\|barley]] | /'bɑ:li/ | n. 大麦 | n. a grain of barley | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Barley? What kind of party serves barley?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|carton]] | /'kɑ:tn/ | n. 硬纸盒, 纸板箱 | n. the quantity contained in a carton | 2 | 10 | 8 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| kevin | /'kenin/ | n. 凯文（男子名） | n. The gazelle. | 2 | 3 | 2 | *And there is Kevin.* |
| annie | /'æni/ | n. 安妮（女子名） |  | 2 | 6 | 4 | *'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piccata\|piccata]] | /pi'kɑ:tә/ | n. [烹](用柠檬、黄油调味的)嫩煎小牛肉片,香溜肉片 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barrel\|barrel]] | /'bærәl/ | n. 桶 | n. a tube through which a bullet travels when a gun is fired | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aloof\|aloof]] | /ә'lu:f/ | a. 远离的, 冷淡的 | s. remote in manner | 2 | 3 | 2 | *This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go sh* |
| chelsea | /'tʃelsi/ | n. 切尔西（伦敦自治城市, 为文艺界人士聚居地） |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Here in Chelsea.* |
| bea | /bi:, biә/ | abbr. 东亚银行有限公司（Bank of East Asia Ltd）；美国劳工部劳工统计局（Bureau of E |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discovery\|discovery]] | /dis'kʌvәri/ | n. 发现, 被发现的事物 | n. the act of discovering something | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Welcome everybody, welcome to Amazing Discoveries!* |
| shhhh |  | 嘘（语气词） |  | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Shhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#darn\|darn]] | /dɑ:n/ | n. 织补 | v. repair by sewing | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#revolutionary\|revolutionary]] | /.revә'lu:ʃәnәri/ | n. 革命者, 革命党人 | s. markedly new or introducing radical change | 1 | 2 | 2 | *There is a revolutionary new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up milk cartons * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intrigue\|intrigue]] | /in'tri:g/ | n. 阴谋, 复杂的事 | n. a crafty and involved plot to achieve your (usually sinister) ends | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Are you intrigued?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guilt\|guilt]] | /gilt/ | n. 罪行, 内疚 | n. the state of having committed an offense | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#notepad\|notepad]] |  | n. 记事本 | n. a pad of paper for keeping notes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tragedy\|tragedy]] | /'trædʒidi/ | n. 悲剧, 惨案, 悲剧作品 | n. drama in which the protagonist is overcome by some superior force or circumst | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What is the great tragedy here? You go get yourself another appointment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#katelynn\|katelynn]] |  | [人名] 凯特琳 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh.  'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann* |
| ann | /æn/ | n. 安（女子名） | n. Alt. of Annat | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh.  'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]] | /'blæŋkit/ | n. 毛毯, 毯子 | n. bedding that keeps a person warm in bed | 1 | 11 | 9 | *He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ski\|ski]] | /ski:/ | n. 滑雪橇 | n. narrow wood or metal or plastic runners used in pairs for gliding over snow | 1 | 11 | 5 | *He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boot]] | /bu:t/ | n. 长靴, 踢, 解雇, 效用 | n. footwear that covers the whole foot and lower leg | 1 | 31 | 9 | *He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kicky\|kicky]] | /'kɪkɪ/ | a. 精神饱满的 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beret\|beret]] | /'berei/ | n. 贝雷帽 | n. a cap with no brim or bill; made of soft cloth | 1 | 1 | 1 | *He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monster\|monster]] | /'mɒnstә/ | n. 怪物, 恶人, 巨物 | n. an imaginary creature usually having various human and animal parts | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alarm\|alarm]] | /ә'lɑ:m/ | n. 惊恐, 警报, 警钟 | n. fear resulting from the awareness of danger | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head: '* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#distant\|distant]] | /'distәnt/ | a. 远的, 疏远的 | a. separated in space or coming from or going to a distance | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#height\|height]] | /hait/ | n. 高度, 海拔, 高地, 顶点 | n. the vertical dimension of extension; distance from the base of something to t | 1 | 11 | 6 | *Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commit\|commit]] | /kә'mit/ | vt. 委托(托付), 犯罪, 指派...作战, 使承担义务 | v. cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amazingly\|amazingly]] |  | adv. 令人惊讶地；惊奇地 | r. in an amazing manner; to everyone's surprise | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Amazingly, that makes sense.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dive\|dive]] | /daiv/ | n. 潜水, 跳水 | n. a headlong plunge into water | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stare]] | /stєә/ | vi. 注视, 凝视, 瞪视, 显眼 | n. a fixed look with eyes open wide | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assure\|assure]] | /ә'ʃuә/ | vt. 保证, 使确信, 弄清楚, 担保 | v. inform positively and with certainty and confidence | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]] | /'dresә/ | n. 化妆台, (剧团)服装师, 碗柜 | n. a person who dresses in a particular way | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer.  See, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vowel\|vowel]] | /'vauәl/ | n. 元音 | n. a speech sound made with the vocal tract open | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gawd\|gawd]] | /^ɔ:d/ | n. <俚>上帝 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pasta\|pasta]] | /'pæstә/ | n. 意大利面食 | n. a dish that contains pasta as its main ingredient | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hopeless\|hopeless]] | /'hәuplis/ | a. 无希望的, 绝望的, 不可救药的 | a. without hope because there seems to be no possibility of comfort or success | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desper* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]] | /'despәrәt/ | a. 不顾一切的, 危急的, 令人绝望的, 极渴望的 | n. a person who is frightened and in need of help | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desper* |
| uff |  | abbr. 里约州联邦大学（Universidade Federal Fluminense）；通用文件格式（Univer |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]] | /'ni:di/ | a. 贫穷的, 贫困的, 生活艰苦的 | n. needy people collectively | 1 | 9 | 5 | *Then I got all needy and clingy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clingy\|clingy]] | /'kliŋi/ | a. 粘住的, 紧贴的 | a. Apt to cling; adhesive. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Then I got all needy and clingy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dairy\|dairy]] | /'dєәri/ | n. 牛奶公司, 乳品店, 乳牛场 | n. a farm where dairy products are produced | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for thos* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soy\|soy]] | /sɒi/ | n. 酱油, 大豆 | n. a source of oil; used for forage and soil improvement and as food | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for thos* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#junk\|junk]] | /dʒʌŋk/ | n. 垃圾, 乌七八糟的东西, 舢板 | n. any of various Chinese boats with a high poop and lugsails | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for thos* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toughest\|toughest]] |  | a. 最坚强的；最坚韧的；最粗暴的；最苛刻的（tough的最高级） | a not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben.  'A real American hero. I'm G.I. Joe!' Dro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overseas\|overseas]] | /'әuvә'si:z/ | a. 海外的, 国外的 | r. in a place across an ocean | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas! Joey and Ross: Go Joe!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rejection\|rejection]] | /ri'dʒekʃәn/ | n. 拒绝, 抛弃, 驳回, 被抛弃的东西, 呕出物 | n. the act of rejecting something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#personally\|personally]] | /'pә:sәnli/ | adv. 亲自地, 个别地, 当面, 就本人而言, 针对个人地 | r. as yourself | 1 | 7 | 7 | *No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#canna\|canna]] | /'kænә/ | n. 美人蕉属植物 | n. any plant of the genus Canna having large sheathing leaves and clusters of la | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighborhood\|neighborhood]] | /'neibәhud/ | n. 附近, 邻近 | n. people living near one another | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Why are you shopping here? You don't live in this neighborhood. Were you here waiting for me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#planet\|planet]] | /'plænit/ | n. 行星, 命运星辰, 杰出的人, 重大影响的事 | n. (astronomy) any of the nine large celestial bodies in the solar system that r | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]] | /'siәriәl/ | n. 谷类食品, 谷类植物 | n. grass whose starchy grains are used as food: wheat; rice; rye; oats; maize; b | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zoo\|zoo]] | /zu:/ | n. 动物园 | n the facility where wild animals are housed for exhibition | 1 | 22 | 9 | *Okay, um, oh, the zoo commercial.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#believable\|believable]] | /bi'li:vәbl/ | a. 可信的 | a capable of being believed | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No. They said you 'Weren't believable as a human being.' So, you can work on that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|bust]] | /bʌst/ | n. 半身像, 胸部, 失败, 殴打 | n. a sculpture of the head and shoulders of a person | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Oh, you caught me. I am so busted.* |
| doof |  | abbr. 单失效数据 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unprecedented\|unprecedented]] | /.ʌn'presidentid/ | a. 空前的 | a. having no precedent; novel | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleepy\|sleepy]] | /'sli:pi/ | a. 困乏的, 欲睡的 | s. ready to fall asleep | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grumpy\|grumpy]] | /'grʌmpi/ | a. 性情乖戾的, 脾气暴躁的, 生气的 | s annoyed and irritable | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, and grumpy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dwarf\|dwarf]] | /dwɒ:f/ | n. 矮子, 侏儒 | n. a person who is markedly small | 1 | 4 | 4 | *What are you, stop naming dwarves!  Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been* |
