---
season: 3
episode: "02"
title: "The One Where No-one's Ready"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E02 — The One Where No-one's Ready

*Written by: Ira Ungerleider*


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel and Monica's, everyone is getting ready to go to a banquet

**Joey:** All right they got water, orange [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]], and what looks like [[Friends-词汇总表#cider\|cider]]. *(takes a glass from the fridge.)*

**Chandler:** Taste it.

**Joey:** *(drinks from the glass and puts it back in the fridge)* Yep, it's fat. I drank fat!

**Chandler:** Yeah, I know, I did that two minutes ago.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey, [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]]!

**Ross:** Why aren't you guys dressed?

**Joey:** We have a half hour.

**Ross:** No, four minutes ago you had a half hour, we have to be out the door at [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] to eight.

**Joey:** Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.

**Ross:** Well, you know, I'd feel a whole lot better if you got dressed now. Chandler and Joey: Okay. *(they don't move)*

**Rachel:** *(entering from bathroom)* Hey-hey! Oh, look at you, all sexy.

**Ross:** Really.

**Rachel:** Ooooh! Wow!! Oh, hi.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rachel:** How come you didn't come over earlier?

**Ross:** 'Cause, I'm a stupid, stupid man.

**Joey:** Hey, Ross, want some [[Friends-词汇总表#cider\|cider]]?

**Ross:** No. *(to Rachel)* So, um, let's see your pretty close, huh. Make-up's on, hair's done.

**Rachel:** Yeah, I just have to get dressed.

**Ross:** Yay! And that takes what? Just six or seven minutes.

**Rachel:** Yeah! Once, I figure out what I'm wearing.

**Joey:** Glass of fat?


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's. Ross is acting nervous

**Joey:** What's a matter Ross? What you're [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] about your [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]?

**Ross:** No! Do you wanna hear it?

**Joey:** Am I in it?

**Ross:** Uh, huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] a song about the wonder that is Joey.

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hello.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Joey:** Whoa!

**Ross:** Wow, hello! You look great!

**Phoebe:** Thank you! I know, though.

**Ross:** You see this, this is a person who is ready to go. Phoebe you, oh, you are my star.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, well, you're my lucky [[Friends-词汇总表#penny\|penny]].

**Chandler:** *(entering from bathroom, with an issue of Cosmo)* All right, I took the [[Friends-词汇总表#quiz\|quiz]], and it turns out, I do put career before men. *(to Joey)* Get up.

**Joey:** What?

**Chandler:** You're in my seat.

**Joey:** How is this your seat?

**Chandler:** 'Cause I was sitting there.

**Joey:** But then you left.

**Chandler:** Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.

**Joey:** What's the big deal, sit [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] else.

**Chandler:** The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat.

**Joey:** Well, actually the last place you were sitting was in there *(points to the bathroom)*. Soo...

**Ross:** You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big [[Friends-词汇总表#vain\|vain]] in my head pops. So..

**Chandler:** All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. *(yells at Joey)* GET UP!!

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hi.

**All:** Hey.

**Monica:** Ooh, Phoebe, you look great!

**Phoebe:** All right all ready.

**Monica:** *(to Ross)* Ooh, are you gonna do magic?

**Ross:** That's, that's funny. Change!

**Monica:** Hang on a second I just got in.

**Ross:** Look, I don't care it starts at eight, we can't be late.

**Phoebe:** We could not, would not want to wait.

**Ross:** Look, our table is down in front, okay, my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] is gonna be there, everyone will see if we [[Friends-词汇总表#arrive\|arrive]] after it starts.

**Monica:** Has somebody been drinking my fat? *(Joey and Chandler look at each other)*

**Rachel:** *(entering from her bedroom)* You guys, *(holds up an outfit)* does this look like something the girlfriend of a [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] would wear?

**Phoebe:** I don't know, you might be the first one.

**Monica:** Rach, did you check the machine?

**Rachel:** Uh, no. Wait, you know what, this is the [[Friends-词汇总表#outfit\|outfit]] that makes my [[Friends-词汇总表#calve\|calves]] look fat. Nevermind.

**Chandler:** Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called: Get Up.

**Joey:** All right! You can have the chair.

**Chandler:** Really!

**Joey:** Oh my, would you look at that! *(holds up crossed fingers)*

**Phoebe:** *(on machine)* "Hi, it's me, I'm coming over now. Hey, what if I'm already there when your playing this message?" *(to the guys)* Is that too [[Friends-词汇总表#spooky\|spooky]]?

**Ross:** *(on machine)* "Hi Rach, are you there? It's me, pick up. Rachel. Rach!"

**Rachel:** *(entering from her bedroom)* What?!

**Ross:** Nevermind.

**Richard:** *(on machine)* "Monica, it's Richard. Call me."

**Monica:** Is-is-is that message old or new? *(yelling)* Old or new?! Old or new?!

**Ross:** It's old, it's definitely old. Didn't you hear the, the double [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]]?

**Monica:** What if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk again, unless we had something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?

**Chandler:** Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old.

**Ross:** Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?

**Monica:** Huh?

**Ross:** I.....got.....dressed. Really, really quickly. Okay, okay. *(Rachel starts to follow Monica into her room, but Ross stops her and sends her back to her room.)* There we go, there we go.

**Chandler:** You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. *(holds his hand a couple of inches in front of Joey's face)* Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! *(Joey flings some dip onto Phoebe's dress)*

**Phoebe:** Ah! Oh my God! You r-r-rotten boys! Chandler and Joey: Sorry Phoebe.

**Joey:** I'm so sorry.

**Phoebe:** What am I gonna do?

**Ross:** No, no, don't, don't, [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] it! Don't! *(clapping)* What gets out [[Friends-词汇总表#hummus\|hummus]]?! What gets out hummus?!

**Phoebe:** Monica, Monica, you know what gets out [[Friends-词汇总表#hummus\|hummus]].

**Monica:** If it is a new message, what is he calling to say?

**Phoebe:** Okay, thanks. Yeah, I'll try that.

**Chandler:** Maybe he's calling to say your [[Friends-词汇总表#obsessive\|obsessive]] and crazy.

**Monica:** So, should I call him back?

**The Guys:** Noo! *(Monica starts to go back into her room and stops)* NO!

**Chandler:** All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. *(sits on Joey's lap)* I'm soooo, [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]].

**Joey:** Me too. In fact, I think I might be a little too [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]].

**Chandler:** All right! *(jumps up)*

**Ross:** Okay, look, we have [[Friends-词汇总表#nineteen\|nineteen]] minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, when you come back, Joey will go change, and he'll have [[Friends-词汇总表#vacate\|vacated]] the chair. Okay. Okay.

**Chandler:** All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair! *(leaves)*

**Rachel:** *(entering from her room)* Is this a little too... *(sees Phoebe)* Pheebs, what happened?

**Phoebe:** Hummus. I got the [[Friends-词汇总表#hummus\|hummus]].

**Rachel:** Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]]?

**Phoebe:** That won't go with this dress though.

**Rachel:** No, you're right. Well, we'll find something. Let's just get you out of that. Come on.

**Ross:** No, no, no, no, no, no, not out of that, not out of clothes.

**Rachel:** Monica, can Phoebe [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] your green dress?

**Monica:** I called him.

**All:** Nooo.

**Monica:** Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a [[Friends-词汇总表#casual\|casual]], [[Friends-词汇总表#breezy\|breezy]] message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?

**Phoebe:** Well, how could it not be [[Friends-词汇总表#breezy\|breezy]], no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.

**Monica:** Here, I got it. I'll will play my message for you guys, and you can tell me if it's [[Friends-词汇总表#breezy\|breezy]] enough.

**Joey:** Monica, how are you gonna do that?

**Monica:** I know the code to his answering machine.

**Ross:** Okay, Mon, I really don't think this is the... Okay, you're [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dialing]], you are dialing.

*(Chandler enters, and Joey is standing near the chair, they have a show down to see who gets the chair and Joey wins)*

**Richard:** *(on machine)* "Hi, this is Richard. Please, leave a message at the [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]]."

**Machine:** "You have two new messages."

**Joey:** Wow, what a cool job. *(in a machine voice)* 'You have two new messages.' 'Please, pass the [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]].'

**Monica:** *(on machine)* "Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it was old or new or what. So, I'm just checkin'. So let me know, or don't, whatever. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#breezy\|breezy]]."

**Joey:** Hey, you can't say you're [[Friends-词汇总表#breezy\|breezy]], that, that totally [[Friends-词汇总表#negate\|negates]] the breezy. Woman's Voice: *(on machine)* Hola, it's me, yesterday was really fun. Call me about this weekend, okay.

**Joey:** Now she sounded [[Friends-词汇总表#breezy\|breezy]].


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier

**Monica:** He's seeing someone. I can't believe he's seeing someone.

**Phoebe:** Monica, you don't know that.

**Monica:** Well, who's voice was that?

**Chandler:** Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's.

**Monica:** Michelle! Of course, it was Michelle! Did it sound like Michelle?

**Ross:** Oh, great. It's starting to [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]], that will make it easy to get a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]].

**Monica:** It was Michelle. It was definitely Michelle.

**Rachel:** Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my [[Friends-词汇总表#gray\|gray]] [[Friends-词汇总表#silk\|silk]] one. Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], what am I wearing?!

**Ross:** You don't, you don't know what your wearing?

**Rachel:** Well, [[Friends-词汇总表#hon\|hon]]-ey. I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.

**Ross:** Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.

**Chandler:** All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"

**Joey:** Okay. *(he gets up and takes the cushions with him, as he starts to leave)*

**Chandler:** What are you doing?

**Joey:** You said I had to give you the chair, you didn't say anything about the [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushions]].

**Chandler:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushions]] are the [[Friends-词汇总表#essence\|essence]] of the chair!

**Joey:** That's right! I'm taking the [[Friends-词汇总表#essence\|essence]].

**Chandler:** Oh-ho, it'll be back. Oh-ho, there's nobody in the room.

**Ross:** Look, I'm sorry, I thought it looked pretty.

**Rachel:** Ross, that was a Halloween [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]], unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.

**Ross:** Look, I didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] it without that [[Friends-词汇总表#inflatable\|inflatable]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sheep\|sheep]].

**Rachel:** Yeah, which, by the way Chandler, I would like back one of these days.

**Phoebe:** Oh Rach, good, listen isn't this perfect for me! *(she's wearing another dress on a hanger around her neck)*

**Rachel:** Oh, it's perfect! But not for tonight.

**Phoebe:** Well, of course not for tonight. Yeah, hi!

**Ross:** Not for tonight. Not for tonight! Wh-what, what, what, are you doing?

**Rachel:** No honey, we're sorry, we didn't mean it. I love you. I love you.

**Chandler:** We used them as [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillows]] when we went camping.

**Ross:** What?

**Chandler:** *(shyly)* The [[Friends-词汇总表#sheep\|sheep]].

**Ross:** Hey, what you do on your own time...

**Joey:** *(entering)* Where's my [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]?!

**Ross:** Whoa, whoa, whoa. Come on, come on, what. You took his [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]?

**Chandler:** He took my [[Friends-词汇总表#essence\|essence]]!

**Ross:** Okay, now hold on. Joey, why, why can't you just wear the [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] you're wearing now?

**Joey:** Because, I'm not wearing any [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] now.

**Ross:** Okay, then why do you have to wear [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] tonight?

**Joey:** It's a rented [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]]. Okay. I'm not gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#commando\|commando]] in another man's [[Friends-词汇总表#fatigue\|fatigues]].

**Chandler:** Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushions]].

**Joey:** Okay, you [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] my clothes. I'm gonna do the [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opposite\|opposite]] to you.

**Chandler:** What are you, what are you gonna show me my clothes?

**Joey:** Hey, [[Friends-词汇总表#opposite\|opposite]], is opposite! *(leaves)*

**Chandler:** He's got nothing!

**Phoebe:** *(entering from Rachel's room, wearing a huge bow to cover the stain)* Okay, I'm ready. Ross and Chandler: Oh, aaaah!

**Phoebe:** Rachel, didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas [[Friends-词汇总表#ribbon\|ribbon]], and I thought, 'All right, fine I'll be political.'

**Chandler:** What are you supporting?

**Phoebe:** Duh!! Christmas!

**Ross:** Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. *(shows Chandler)* Okay, see, the, the [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tail]] isn't going around any more. *(grabs Chandler's watch)* What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!

**Rachel:** *(entering from her room)* Okay, Pheebs, quick, what [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] should I wear? The black or the [[Friends-词汇总表#purple\|purple]]?

**Ross:** Just, just, just pick one!

**Phoebe:** Okay, okay, okay, the black. But, oh, do you have black, with the little strappys?

**Rachel:** Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?

**Ross:** Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] in there and pick out any [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankles]] or your [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knees]] or your [[Friends-词汇总表#earlobe\|earlobes]] look fat. Okay.

**Rachel:** But I...

**Ross:** No, no, no just do it. Go in there and pick something out so we can go.

**Rachel:** All right.

**Ross:** Thank you!

**Monica:** *(entering from her room)* Okay. I gotta call Michelle. I gotta see if that was her voice or not. I'm sorry, I just have to.

**Ross:** It was, it was her voice.

**Chandler:** Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place.

**Michelle:** Hola! Hello. Hello?

**Monica:** Okay. That was her right?

**Phoebe:** Definitely.

**Monica:** See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.

**Ross:** Yay!

*(phone rings)*

**Phoebe:** I'll get it, okay. *(answers phone)* Hi, Monica and Rachel's. *(listens)* Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. *(to Monica)* Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.

**Monica:** *(on phone)* Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dialed]] your number by [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]. *(listens)* Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....

**Chandler:** *(to Phoebe)* You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] he's getting out of the shower, he always put a [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] around his [[Friends-词汇总表#waist\|waist]]. I mean, what is that about?

**Monica:** *(on phone)* Michelle, I only [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beeped]] in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] with this? Come on we're friends!! *(Michelle hangs up)* That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.

**Ross:** No, no, no, no. Tick, [[Friends-词汇总表#tick\|tick]], tick, tick.

**Monica:** Okay, fine. *(runs to her room)*

**Chandler:** They got a phone in there, right?

**Phoebe:** Okay, we're on it. We're on it.

*(Rachel comes out from her room wearing sweat pants and a sweatshirt)*

**Ross:** Um. I know it says black [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] optional, but, um this may be [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]] it a little, um.

**Rachel:** I'm not gonna gooo.

**Ross:** You're not going to go.

**Rachel:** No, I think I'm gonna catch up on my [[Friends-词汇总表#correspondence\|correspondence]].

**Ross:** How, how, um how can you not be going?

**Rachel:** I'm not gonna gooo, so I think that will [[Friends-词汇总表#accomplish\|accomplish]] the not going.

**Ross:** Um, you know, just out of [[Friends-词汇总表#curiosity\|curiosity]]...

**Rachel:** Well, ever since I was [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliated]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelled]] at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a museum benefitty kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]].

**Ross:** Right. Right, okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelled]].

**Rachel:** It's fine.

**Ross:** No, but, your-your mad.

**Rachel:** I'm not mad.

**Ross:** No.

**Rachel:** I'm just not going.

**Ross:** Your not going.

**Rachel:** Right.

**Ross:** Okay. You know that I-I have to go.

**Rachel:** Um, [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]].

**Ross:** Right. So is it gonna be like 'I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandoning]] you while your upset.'

**Rachel:** No.

**Ross:** No, because your not upset.

**Rachel:** Right.

**Ross:** About the [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]].

**Rachel:** Right, and the [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliating]].

**Ross:** Oh, well of course, the [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliating]]. So, so wee, we're okay.

**Rachel:** Um, [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]].

**Ross:** We're good.

**Rachel:** Right.

**Ross:** Okay. Honey?

**Rachel:** Yes, Ross. *(turns toward him)*

**Ross:** I love you. *(goes to kiss her and she turns away.)*

**Phoebe:** *(yelling from the bedroom)* Get away from that! No! *(she comes into the living room carrying the phone)* She's just getting dressed.

**Chandler:** Is it wrong that I was totally [[Friends-词汇总表#arouse\|aroused]] by that?

*(Joey enters wearing a lot of clothes)*

**Joey:** Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.

**Chandler:** Oh my God! That is so not the [[Friends-词汇总表#opposite\|opposite]] of taking somebody's [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]!!

**Joey:** Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going [[Friends-词汇总表#commando\|commando]]...

**Chandler:** Oooo-ooh!

**Joey:** Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, [[Friends-词汇总表#lunge\|lunges]]. *(starts doing lunges)*

**Ross:** Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the [[Friends-词汇总表#lunge\|lunging]]. No! I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!

**Chandler:** Jeez, what a baby.

**Joey:** Yeah, Ross, way to [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] it. I was just going to get dressed.

**Ross:** You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]]. I'm sorry I [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelled]]. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.

**Joey:** You could drink the fat.

**Ross:** Hi, welcome, to an adult [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]].

**Rachel:** No, no, no, now wait, wa, wa, waa-it a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. That actually, uh, that sounds interesting.

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** I think you should drink the fat.

**Joey:** Yaaaay!

**Ross:** Okay, okay. If that is what it takes to show you how much you mean to me, and how much I want you there. Then that's what I'll do.

**Phoebe:** Oh, wait, let me get you another glass. That's been sitting out.

**Ross:** I think this will be fine. Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#vanilla\|vanilla]] [[Friends-词汇总表#milkshake\|milkshake]], just a vanilla milkshake, with [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] bits [[Friends-词汇总表#float\|floating]] in it. Cheers. *(starts to drink, but Rachel stops him just before he starts drinking)*

**Rachel:** No, no, no, wait! Okay, okay. Don't! I'll go, I'll go!

**Ross:** You will?!

**Rachel:** You were really gonna do that, weren't you?

**Ross:** Well, yeah.

**Rachel:** You were gonna drink the fat.

**Joey:** Let's see what else he'll do!

**Ross:** *(to Joey)* How 'bout instead you, go get changed! *(to Chandler)* You, give him back his [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]! I'm gonna go get a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]], and I want everyone down [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]] in two minutes! Monica!

*(Joey and Chandler start to leave, Joey is lunging as he is walking)*

**Chandler:** Stop it. Stop it!

*(Monica runs into the living room, and starts dialing the phone)*

**Phoebe:** Ross, went to get a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] so we can all... No, wh-what are you doing! No, Monica, no!

**Richard:** *(on machine)* Hi, this is Richard.

**Machine:** You have three new messages.

**Monica:** Not any more!

**Machine:** Message [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erased]]. To record a message begin speaking at the [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]].

**Monica:** Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beeped]] into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.

**Machine:** Your [[Friends-词汇总表#outgo\|outgoing]] message has now been changed.

**Monica:** Outgoing! Did that say [[Friends-词汇总表#outgo\|outgoing]]?! Not, outgoing!!!

**Monica:** *(on machine)* "Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know." Nooo!!

**Phoebe:** How did you do that?

**Monica:** I don't know!

**Machine:** Good-bye.

**Monica:** Noooo!!!!

**Ross:** *(entering)* Okay, okay, okay, I've got two [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cabs]] and no people. Go! Go! Go!

**Monica:** Maybe we could call the phone company. Maybe they could change the message. Maybe they can change his number.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, after this, I think he'll be doing that himself.

**Ross:** Rachel!! *(she enters)* Wow! You, uh, you look, wow!

**Rachel:** And I still have about five seconds to [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]]. *(kisses him)* Okay, that was about seven seconds.

**Ross:** So we're a little late.

**Rachel:** Come on. *(they start to leave)* Oh! And, uh, by the way....

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** I'm going [[Friends-词汇总表#commando\|commando]], too.

**Ross:** Awwww!!!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: At the banquet

**Sherman Whitfield:** Dr. Geller, Sherman Whitfield, London Institute.

**Ross:** Wow! What a [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]].

**Whitfield:** *(sits down)* Well, I have to tell you, I was quite [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impressed]] with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossils]]. Yeah, it [[Friends-词汇总表#confirm\|confirmed]] everything that I have written.

**Chandler:** Excuse me. Hi.

**Whitfield:** Yes?

**Chandler:** Well, your kind of sitting in my seat.

**Whitfield:** What do you mean, your seat?

**Chandler:** I mean, I was sitting there.

**Whitfield:** But, you got up!

**Chandler:** But, I never left the room!

**Whitfield:** But, you left the chair area.

**Chandler:** All right, that's it, give me your [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]].


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 11 | 135 | 75 | *Why aren't you guys dressed?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 8 | 170 | 116 | *'Cause I was sitting there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 7 | 209 | 116 | *Yeah! Once, I figure out what I'm wearing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 5 | 86 | 55 | *You're in my seat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 5 | 130 | 71 | *You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 5 | 81 | 53 | *No, no, no, no, no, no, not out of that, not out of clothes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 5 | 132 | 68 | *Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 3 | 96 | 75 | *It's old, it's definitely old. Didn't you hear the, the double beep?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *Maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 3 | 168 | 121 | *You could drink the fat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *'Cause, I'm a stupid, stupid man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Hey, you can't say you're breezy, that, that totally negates the breezy. Woman's Voice:  Hola, it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 2 | 118 | 88 | *Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pic* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *Right. So is it gonna be like 'I'm abandoning you while your upset.'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Uh, huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Ohh, well, you're my lucky penny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Hang on a second I just got in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *You guys,  does this look like something the girlfriend of a paleontologist would wear?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Is this a little too...  Pheebs, what happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *"Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *No, I think I'm gonna catch up on my correspondence.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Message erased. To record a message begin speaking at the tone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me. Hi.* |

### 常用词（64）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 8 | 62 | 35 | *Where's my underwear?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 3 | 48 | 43 | *All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair.  I'm soooo, comfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 3 | 70 | 38 | *Oh, great. It's starting to rain, that will make it easy to get a cab.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 3 | 47 | 36 | *Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not * |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 2 | 71 | 46 | *Yay! And that takes what? Just six or seven minutes.* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 2 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 2 | 21 | 14 | *Okay, Mon, I really don't think this is the... Okay, you're dialing, you are dialing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] | /tәun/ | n. 音调, 音质, 语调, 语气, 色调, 气氛, 状况, 思想状态 | n. the quality of a person's voice | 2 | 15 | 11 | *"Hi, this is Richard. Please, leave a message at the tone."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 2 | 21 | 17 | *Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pic* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 2 | 47 | 42 | *Okay, you hide my clothes. I'm gonna do the exact opposite to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]] | /bi:p/ | n. 短而尖的声音, 嘟 | n. a short high tone produced as a signal or warning | 2 | 13 | 11 | *Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliate]] | /hju:'milieit/ | vt. 使丢脸, 使蒙羞, 屈辱 | v. cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of | 2 | 15 | 11 | *Right, and the humiliating.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 1 | 44 | 22 | *All right they got water, orange juice, and what looks like cider.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Taste it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Hey, mister tux!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *No, four minutes ago you had a half hour, we have to be out the door at twenty to eight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *What's a matter Ross? What you're nervous about your speech?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] | /spi:tʃ/ | n. 演讲, 说话, 谈话, 言语, 引语, 民族语言 | n. (language) communication by word of mouth | 1 | 45 | 22 | *What's a matter Ross? What you're nervous about your speech?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *Uh, huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *What's the big deal, sit somewhere else.* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 1 | 42 | 29 | *Well, actually the last place you were sitting was in there . Soo...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Look, our table is down in front, okay, my boss is gonna be there, everyone will see if we arrive af* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 古生物学者 | n. a specialist in paleontology | 1 | 18 | 14 | *You guys,  does this look like something the girlfriend of a paleontologist would wear?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *No, no, don't, don't, rub it! Don't!  What gets out hummus?! What gets out hummus?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Monica, can Phoebe borrow your green dress?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] | /pai/ | n. 馅饼, 财富, 总额, 贪污受贿, 杂乱, 喜鹊 | n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top | 1 | 35 | 15 | *Wow, what a cool job.  'You have two new messages.' 'Please, pass the pie.'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 1 | 57 | 29 | *Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Oh, great. It's starting to rain, that will make it easy to get a cab.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray si* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halloween\|halloween]] | /.hælәu'i:n/ | n. (基督教)万圣节前夕 | n. the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young p | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Ross, that was a Halloween costume, unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Ross, that was a Halloween costume, unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] | /'rekәgnaiz/ | vt. 认出, 认可, 承认, 公认, 识别, 赏识 | v. be fully aware or cognizant of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Look, I didn't recognize it without that inflatable sheep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *We used them as pillows when we went camping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] | /ig'zækt/ | a. 精确的, 准确的, 精密的 | a. marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Okay, you hide my clothes. I'm gonna do the exact opposite to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 1 | 43 | 30 | *Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tail]] | /teil/ | n. 尾部, 后部, 辫子, 随员, 特务, 燕尾服, 踪迹, 限定继承(权) | n. the posterior part of the body of a vertebrate especially when elongated and  | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]] | /'æŋkl/ | n. 踝 | n. a gliding joint between the distal ends of the tibia and fibula and the proxi | 1 | 18 | 11 | *Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don'* |
| woo | /wu:/ | vt. 追求, 向...求爱, 恳求 | v. seek someone's favor | 1 | 14 | 12 | *See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake.  Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 1 | 63 | 32 | *You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] | /'tauәl/ | n. 手巾, 毛巾 | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping | 1 | 19 | 18 | *You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Um. I know it says black tie optional, but, um this may be pushing it a little, um.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *Um. I know it says black tie optional, but, um this may be pushing it a little, um.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jeez\|jeez]] | /dʒi:z/ | int. 呀 |  | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Jeez, what a baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Yeah, Ross, way to ruin it. I was just going to get dressed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that sa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Hi, welcome, to an adult conversation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stair]] | /stєә/ | n. 梯级, 楼梯, 阶梯 | n support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a | 1 | 19 | 13 | *How 'bout instead you, go get changed!  You, give him back his underwear! I'm gonna go get a cab, an* |
| noooo |  | [网络] 豪炎寺甚至是麦克鸡；好机会；不要长大好了 |  | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Noooo!!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Wow! What a pleasure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] | /im'pres/ | n. 印象, 特征, 印记 | n. the act of coercing someone into government service | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Well, I have to tell you, I was quite impressed with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous fossils. Yeah, it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossil]] | /'fɒsәl/ | n. 化石, 古物 | n. the remains (or an impression) of a plant or animal that existed in a past ge | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Well, I have to tell you, I was quite impressed with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous fossils. Yeah, it * |

### 低频词（60）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breezy\|breezy]] | /'bri:zi/ | a. 有微风的, 通风好的, 活泼的 | s. fresh and animated | 10 | 11 | 2 | *Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you k* |
| michelle | /mɪ'ʃɛl/ | n. 米歇尔（女子名） |  | 10 | 19 | 8 | *Michelle! Of course, it was Michelle! Did it sound like Michelle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hummus\|hummus]] | /ˈhʊməs/ | n. 鹰嘴豆泥, 鹰嘴豆沙 | n. a thick spread made from mashed chickpeas, tahini, lemon juice and garlic; us | 5 | 7 | 2 | *No, no, don't, don't, rub it! Don't!  What gets out hummus?! What gets out hummus?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opposite\|opposite]] | /'ɒpәzit/ | a. 相对的, 相反的, 对面的 | s. being directly across from each other; facing | 4 | 12 | 9 | *Okay, you hide my clothes. I'm gonna do the exact opposite to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tick\|tick]] | /tik/ | n. 滴答声, 一瞬间, 壁虱, 褥套, 信用, 赊欠 | n. a metallic tapping sound | 4 | 7 | 4 | *No, no, no, no. Tick, tick, tick, tick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outgo\|outgo]] | /.aut'gәu/ | n. 外出, 支出, 出口 | n. money paid out; an amount spent | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Your outgoing message has now been changed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cushion\|cushion]] | /'kuʃәn/ | n. 垫子, 橡皮软垫 | n. the layer of air that supports a hovercraft or similar vehicle | 3 | 9 | 5 | *You said I had to give you the chair, you didn't say anything about the cushions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#essence\|essence]] | /'esns/ | n. 实质, 本质, 香精 | n. any substance possessing to a high degree the predominant properties of a pla | 3 | 6 | 3 | *The cushions are the essence of the chair!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commando\|commando]] | /kә'mɑ:ndәu/ | n. 突击队, 突击队员, (南非)布尔人部队 | n. a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids | 3 | 4 | 2 | *It's a rented tux. Okay. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cider\|cider]] | /'saidә/ | n. 苹果汁, 苹果酒 | n. a beverage made from juice pressed from apples | 2 | 6 | 5 | *All right they got water, orange juice, and what looks like cider.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]] | /tʌks/ | n. 夜小礼服, 无尾夜常礼服 | n semiformal evening dress for men | 2 | 12 | 7 | *Hey, mister tux!* |
| ooooh |  | [网络] 哦；喔；喔喔喔 |  | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Ooooh! Wow!! Oh, hi.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nevermind\|nevermind]] | /'nevә'maind/ | 注意, 留意, 理会 |  | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Uh, no. Wait, you know what, this is the outfit that makes my calves look fat. Nevermind.* |
| hola |  | n. [西]你好 |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Hey, you can't say you're breezy, that, that totally negates the breezy. Woman's Voice:  Hola, it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sheep\|sheep]] | /ʃi:p/ | n. 羊, 胆小者 | n. woolly usually horned ruminant mammal related to the goat | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Look, I didn't recognize it without that inflatable sheep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]] | /hʌm/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 哼声, 杂声 | n. a humming noise | 2 | 17 | 7 | *Um, hum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vanilla\|vanilla]] | /vә'nilә/ | n. 香草, 香子兰 | n. any of numerous climbing plants of the genus Vanilla having fleshy leaves and | 2 | 7 | 5 | *I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milkshake\|milkshake]] |  | n. 奶昔 | n. frothy drink of milk and flavoring and sometimes fruit or ice cream | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penny\|penny]] | /'peni/ | n. 便士, 一分, 小钱, 点滴 | n. a fractional monetary unit of Ireland and the United Kingdom; equal to one hu | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Ohh, well, you're my lucky penny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quiz\|quiz]] | /kwiz/ | n. 考查, 课堂测验, 恶作剧, 智力测验 | n. an examination consisting of a few short questions | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men.  Get up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vain\|vain]] | /vein/ | a. 无价值的, 徒然的, 空虚的, 自负的, 愚蠢的 | s characteristic of false pride; having an exaggerated sense of self-importance | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrive\|arrive]] | /ә'raiv/ | vi. 到达, 抵达 | v. reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Look, our table is down in front, okay, my boss is gonna be there, everyone will see if we arrive af* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outfit\|outfit]] | /'autfit/ | n. 用具, 配备, 机构 | n. any cohesive unit such as a military company | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Uh, no. Wait, you know what, this is the outfit that makes my calves look fat. Nevermind.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calve\|calve]] | /kɑ:v/ | v. 生小牛, 下仔, (使)崩解 | v. release ice | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh, no. Wait, you know what, this is the outfit that makes my calves look fat. Nevermind.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spooky\|spooky]] | /'spu:ki/ | a. 幽灵一般的, 吓人的, 令人毛骨悚然的 | s unpredictably excitable (especially of horses) | 1 | 4 | 4 | *"Hi, it's me, I'm coming over now. Hey, what if I'm already there when your playing this message?"  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsessive\|obsessive]] | /әb'sesiv,ɔb-/ | a. 着迷的 | n. a person who has obsessions | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy.* |
| soooo |  | [网络] 所以 |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair.  I'm soooo, comfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nineteen\|nineteen]] | /.nain'ti:n/ | num. 十九, 十九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eighteen and one | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay, look, we have nineteen minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vacate\|vacate]] | /vә'keit/ | vt.vi. 使空出, 搬出, 腾出, 不再使用/居住, 解除(职位), 撤离(阵地), 辞职, 退位 | v. leave (a job, post, or position) voluntarily | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, look, we have nineteen minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#casual\|casual]] | /'kæʒjuәl/ | a. 偶然的, 不经意的, 便装的 | s. marked by blithe unconcern | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#checkin\|checkin]] | /t'ʃekɪn/ | 记入工时，报到，登记 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *"Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#negate\|negate]] | /ni'geit/ | vt. 否定, 否认, 取消 | v. prove negative; show to be false | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, you can't say you're breezy, that, that totally negates the breezy. Woman's Voice:  Hola, it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gray\|gray]] | /grei/ | n. 灰色, 暗淡 | n. a neutral achromatic color midway between white and black | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray si* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silk\|silk]] | /silk/ | n. 丝, 绸, 绸锻类, 丝织品 | n. a fabric made from the fine threads produced by certain insect larvae | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray si* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milne\|milne]] | /miln/ | 米尔恩(姓氏) | n. English writer of stories for children (1882-1956) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in* |
| dillhole |  | [网络] 钻孔 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peep\|peep]] | /pi:p/ | n. 一瞥, 偷看, 不完全的景象, 初现, 吱吱声, 嘀咕抱怨声, 汽车喇叭声 | v. look furtively | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Ross, that was a Halloween costume, unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inflatable\|inflatable]] | /in'fleitәbl/ | a. 膨胀的, 得意的, 通货膨胀的 | s. designed to be filled with air or gas | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Look, I didn't recognize it without that inflatable sheep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fatigue\|fatigue]] | /fә'ti:g/ | n. 疲乏, 疲劳 | n. temporary loss of strength and energy resulting from hard physical or mental  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It's a rented tux. Okay. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.* |
| aaaah |  | [网络] 修改歌词 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, I'm ready. Ross and Chandler: Oh, aaaah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ribbon\|ribbon]] | /'ribәn/ | n. 缎带, 色带, 带状物 | n. any long object resembling a thin line | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Rachel, didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, 'Al* |
| duh | /du:/ | int. [表示犹豫、不快或轻蔑等]咄 |  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Duh!! Christmas!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purple\|purple]] | /'pә:pl/ | n. 紫色, 帝位 | n. a purple color or pigment | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earlobe\|earlobe]] | /'iәlәub/ | n. 耳垂 | n. the fleshy pendulous part of the external human ear | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caller\|caller]] | /'kɒ:lә/ | n. 访客, 召集员, 传唤员 | n. a social or business visitor | 1 | 3 | 2 | *I'll get it, okay.  Hi, Monica and Rachel's.  Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling.  Oh, ew,* |
| donald | /'dɔnәld/ | n. 唐纳德（男子名） |  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waist\|waist]] | /weist/ | n. 腰部, 腰 | n. the narrowing of the body between the ribs and hips | 1 | 8 | 7 | *You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#correspondence\|correspondence]] | /.kɒri'spɒndәns/ | n. 相符, 通信, 信件 | n. communication by the exchange of letters | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, I think I'm gonna catch up on my correspondence.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accomplish\|accomplish]] | /ә'kʌmpliʃ/ | vt. 完成, 达到, 实现, 使完美 | v put in effect | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I'm not gonna gooo, so I think that will accomplish the not going.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curiosity\|curiosity]] | /.kjuәri'ɒsiti/ | n. 好奇心, 新奇的事物, 珍品 | n. a state in which you want to learn more about something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Um, you know, just out of curiosity...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandon]] | /ә'bændәn/ | vt. 放弃, 抛弃, 遗弃, 使屈从, 沉溺, 放纵 | n. the trait of lacking restraint or control; reckless freedom from inhibition o | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Right. So is it gonna be like 'I'm abandoning you while your upset.'* |
| wee | /wi:/ | a. 很小的, 微小的 | n. a short time | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, well of course, the humiliating. So, so wee, we're okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arouse\|arouse]] | /ә'rauz/ | vt. 唤醒, 鼓励, 引起 | v. call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunge\|lunge]] | /lʌndʒ/ | n. 刺, 刺进, 跃进, 套马索 | n. (fencing) an attacking thrust made with one foot forward and the back leg str | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.* |
| yaaaay |  | [网络] 如果再加一块全麦面包的话 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yaaaay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#float\|float]] | /flәut/ | n. 漂流物, 浮舟, 漂浮, 浮萍, 彩车 | n. the time interval between the deposit of a check in a bank and its payment | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erase]] | /i'reis/ | vt. 抹去, 擦掉 | v. remove from memory or existence | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Message erased. To record a message begin speaking at the tone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] | /spєә/ | n. 剩余, 备用品, 备件, 备用零件, 备用轮胎 | n. a score in tenpins; knocking down all ten after rolling two balls | 1 | 10 | 8 | *And I still have about five seconds to spare.  Okay, that was about seven seconds.* |
| awwww |  | 哇呜（非正式） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Awwww!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confirm\|confirm]] | /kәn'fә:m/ | vt. 证实, 确定, 批准, 使巩固 | v. establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I have to tell you, I was quite impressed with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous fossils. Yeah, it * |
