---
season: 3
episode: "15"
title: "The One Where Ross and Rachel Take A Break"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E15 — The One Where Ross and Rachel Take A Break

*Written by: Michael Borkow*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is taking a jar of olives out of the fridge.

**Joey:** *(to Monica)* Hey, how much will you give me to eat this whole [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#olive\|olives]]?

**Monica:** I won’t give you anything, but you’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me 2.95.

**Joey:** Done.

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey. I need an [[Friends-词汇总表#atlas\|atlas]]! I need an atlas!

**Monica:** Why? *(in a motherlike tone)* Do you have a report due?

**Phoebe:** I have a date with this [[Friends-词汇总表#diplomat\|diplomat]] I met while I was giving free [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]] outside the UN and, I don’t know where his country is.

**Monica:** Okay, let’s start with the free messages outside the UN.

**Phoebe:** Oh!! That’s my new thing. I figure bodies at peace, make peace.

**Monica:** Wow! You might just get the first Nobel [[Friends-词汇总表#prize\|prize]] in [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rubbing]]. So what country is this guy from?

**Phoebe:** Ick-[[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]]-tree-anis..... There’s a ‘g’ in there.

**Monica:** Where’s that?

**Phoebe:** In your [[Friends-词汇总表#atlas\|atlas]]!

**Monica:** I don’t have an [[Friends-词汇总表#atlas\|atlas]].

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Monica:** Oh, but wait I do have a [[Friends-词汇总表#globe\|globe]].

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Monica:** Hold on.

**Joey:** So Pheebs what’s this guy like?

**Phoebe:** Umm, well he’s very [[Friends-词汇总表#dash\|dashing]], y'know, and umm, very, very [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticated]], and he doesn’t speak any English, but according to his [[Friends-词汇总表#translator\|translator]], he totally gets me.

**Monica:** ‘Kay, here you go. *(Hands her this tiny little globe.)*

**Phoebe:** What is this?

**Monica:** It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#globe\|globe]] and, a [[Friends-词汇总表#pencil\|pencil]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sharpener\|sharpener]].

*(Phoebe puts the globe right up next to her eye to try and find the country.)*

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I’m going down to the Xerox place.

**Monica:** Oh, no thanks.

**Chandler:** Okay listen, just give me anything I can make two of.

**Monica:** Well, if you don’t have anything to copy, why are you going down there?

**Joey:** Yeah, are you just going down there to [[Friends-词汇总表#gawk\|gawk]] at that hot girl with the [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]] button ring again?

**Chandler:** Yeah! You wanna come?

**Joey:** Yeah!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Xerox place, Chandler and Joey are waiting in line.

**Chandler:** Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!

**Issac:** *(to Chandler and Joey)* Can I help you?

**Chandler:** Uh-oh.

**Joey:** Uh, y'know what, we’re having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we’ll need a little more time to think about it.

**Issac:** Chloe, switch with me, there’s some guys here that got a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on you.

**Chandler:** *(to Joey)* Okay, that hurt us.

**Chloe:** Hi guys. I haven’t seen you since this morning.

**Chandler:** Well ah, ........y'know.

**Chloe:** Hey, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?

**Joey:** Both of us? *(points to Chandler and himself)*

**Chloe:** Maybe. Does that [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] ya?

*(They both start laughing. They look at each other, stop and step apart a little bit.)*

**Chloe:** Relax. It’s just Issac’s D.J.-ing at the Philly. You should come.

**Joey:** We’ll be there.

**Chloe:** Great. I’ll ah, see ya then.

**Chandler:** All right, rock on. *(Does the ‘Hang 10’ sign, then hides his face in shame.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Street, Phoebe is walking along with the diplomat (Sergei) and his translator

*(Mischa).]*

**Sergei:** *(something in Russian or Polish)*

**Mischa:** He’s says, ‘Walking with you makes this [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] city, feel like home.’

**Phoebe:** Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] what I said, don’t tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. *(Mischa does so and Sergei kisses her hand.)* Nice, *(to Mischa)* thank you. This is me. Here.

*(Sergei goes up to her at her door and says something.)*

**Mischa:** *(leaning in)* Your eyes are very pretty.

**Phoebe:** *(to Mischa)* Thank you, very much! Oh! *(to Sergei)* Thank you!

*(Sergei says something and leans in to kiss her, but just as he’s about to....)*

**Mischa:** *(leaning in)* He would like to kiss you.

**Phoebe:** *(to Mischa)* Okay, y'know what, you don’t have to do that now.

*(Mischa translates that to Sergei) No-no-no-no!! Not him, you don’t! (Mischa tells Sergei he can proceed and steps away) Well the moment’s over.*

*(Sergei says something and kisses her.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Mischa:** Oy!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is showing Monica where Sergei’s country is.

**Phoebe:** *(pointing to the globe)* See there it is right there.

**Monica:** Wow! It’s small.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.

**Monica:** So you had fun, huh?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Except for, y'know when you’re on a date and you’re getting along really great but the guy’s [[Friends-词汇总表#translator\|translator]] keeps getting in the way.

**Monica:** No.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey. Phoebe and Monica: Hey.

**Ross:** What is ah, Rach in her room?

**Monica:** Oh no, she’s still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.

**Ross:** Oh what?! Is she gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn’t she know it’s our [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]]?

**Monica:** All right ah, Ross, this is the [[Friends-词汇总表#extent\|extent]] of my knowledge on the subject.

*(holds up a notepad) Call Rachel.*

**Ross:** What’s that on the bottom?

**Monica:** Oh that’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#doodle\|doodle]] of a [[Friends-词汇总表#ladybug\|ladybug]], with a top hat. *(to Phoebe)* She’s [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]].

*(Ross calls Rachel)*

**Rachel:** *(answering her phone at work)* Hello.

**Ross:** Hey, honey.

**Rachel:** Oh, hi.

**Ross:** Hey, what’s going on?

**Rachel:** Well, there was a [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disaster]] in shipping and I’ve got to get this order in. Honey, I’m so sorry, but it looks like I’m gonna be here all night.

**Ross:** What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?

**Rachel:** No-no-no, no, honey please, I’ve got, I’ve just have so much to deal with.


> [!scene] Cut to kitchen.

**Phoebe:** *(to Monica)* Anyway, I’m going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the [[Friends-词汇总表#translator\|translator]]’s date? So that when we, it’s time for our alone time, you two could [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] off. Y'know, he’s really, he’s kinda cute.

**Monica:** Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?

**Phoebe:** Hey, don’t call him that! His name is Spackel Back Harry!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are sitting on the big couch.

**Chandler:** Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?

**Joey:** Uh, 10:30.

**Chandler:** What time is it now?

**Joey:** 4:30.

**Chandler:** Yeah all right, so we’ll hang out.

**Joey:** Yeah. Hey, remember when she brought up that thing about the three of us?

**Chandler:** Yes. Vividly.

**Joey:** She was kidding about that right?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I-I-I think so. *(Pauses and thinks about it for a second)* Yeah, I-I think so...

**Joey:** God, that would be weird it that situation presented itself tonight, huh?

**Chandler:** Yeah. Yeah, I mean what, what would we do?

**Joey:** Dude, I don’t know.

**Chandler:** She was kidding.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.

**Joey:** Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don’t want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don’t want to be seeing.

**Chandler:** Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there.... *(holds his arm out and pretends to grab something with his hand.)*

**Joey:** Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] where we...

*(clears throat) y'know each would, (clears throat again) y'know (pause) be?*

**Chandler:** Right. Right. Well ah, y'know we could [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] for it.

**Joey:** Yeah, I guess, but what’s like heads and what’s [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tails]]?

**Chandler:** Well it you don’t know that, then I don’t want to do this with you.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s office, Rachel and a co-worker (Sophie) are dealing with the crisis.

**Rachel:** *(on the phone)* No, no, no, I’m looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] in a variety of sizes and [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colours]]. And.... *(listens)* What does it matter, what I’m wearing?! Can I please speak to your [[Friends-词汇总表#supervisor\|supervisor]]? *(listens)* Thank you. *(to Sophie)* We’re holding.

**Ross:** *(entering, carrying a basket)* Hi!

**Rachel:** *(startled)* Oh!! My God, what are you doing here?

**Ross:** Well you said you couldn’t go out so.... *(pulls the cover off of the basket)*

**Sophie:** You brought a [[Friends-词汇总表#picnic\|picnic]], oh, what a boyfriend. That’s it, on Monday I start wearing make-up.

**Rachel:** Ross honey, this is very nice, but, but I-I got a [[Friends-词汇总表#crisis\|crisis]].

**Ross:** Yeah, but I got cous-cous!

**Rachel:** Honey, honey, I’m sorry, I know it’s our [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] but I told you on the phone I don’t have time to stop.

**Ross:** Okay, you don’t have to stop, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]], I’m not here.

*(lights a candle)*

**Rachel:** But I don’t, hmm... *(on phone)* Oh, who [[Friends-词汇总表#approve\|approved]] that order?!

*(listens) Well there is no Mark Robbinson in this office. (to Sophie) Get me Mark on the phone!*

**Sophie:** I love Mark. *(to Ross)* Do you know Mark?

**Ross:** Yeah!!

**Rachel:** Well, let me just check that with what I got here, all right see 038 is not the number for *(Ross starts making a lot of noise with a handheld pepper grinder)* this store, 038 is Atlanta. And I...*(stops and looks at Ross)*

**Ross:** *(stopping grinding)* Pepper?

**Rachel:** *(angrily)* None for me.

**Ross:** Okay sorry, [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]].

**Rachel:** I’m sorry, as I was saying the store number is wrong, and I’m sorry but that’s... *(notices a fire that Ross’s candle has started)* Oh my God!!

**Ross:** *(putting out the fire with a squeeze bottle of water)* Okay, that’s a fire. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* Excuse me, I’m sorry, I’m gonna have to call you back, I’ve got a Schemp in my office. *(hangs up)* *(to Ross)* What are you doing?

**Ross:** I’m sorry. But ah, hey, oh, somebody’s off the phone, how ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] a glass of wine by the fire, I could get it going again.

**Rachel:** Ross you’re not listening to me, I don’t have time to stop.

**Ross:** Come on Rach, you don’t have what, ten minutes?

**Rachel:** I don’t have ten minutes!!

**Ross:** What? *(to Sophie)* Sophie, does she have ten minutes?

**Rachel:** Hey, Ross!!! I told you I don’t!

**Ross:** Don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] at me okay, this is the most I’ve seen you all week.

**Rachel:** Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I’ve got a [[Friends-词汇总表#deadline\|deadline]], would you just go home, I’ll talk to you later. *(storms out)*

**Ross:** Yeah, but wait...

**Rachel:** Good bye!

*(Ross starts to pack up the picnic in anger, and throws a three hole punch in the basket.)*

**Sophie:** Actually, that’s our three [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is eating the picnic as Rachel comes home from work.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hi. Look um, about what happened earlier...

**Ross:** No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were [[Friends-词汇总表#stress\|stressed]].

**Rachel:** *(throws her stuff down)* I was gonna give you a chance to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologise\|apologise]] to me.

**Ross:** For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?

**Rachel:** You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a [[Friends-词汇总表#picnic\|picnic]] basket to somebody’s work! Unless maybe they were a park [[Friends-词汇总表#ranger\|ranger]]!

**Ross:** Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]], boy what an ass am I.

**Rachel:** But I told you, I didn’t have the time!

**Ross:** Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don’t feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.

**Rachel:** Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?

**Ross:** No, but it’d be nice if you [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realised]], it’s just a job!

**Rachel:** Just a job!

**Ross:** Yes.

**Rachel:** Ross do you [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] this is the first time in my life I’m doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I’m doing something that I’m actually good at. I mean. if you don’t get that...

**Ross:** No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I’m happy for ya, but I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don’t know what to do anymore.

**Rachel:** Well [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] do I!

**Ross:** Is this about Mark?

**Rachel:** *(shocked)* Oh my God.

**Ross:** Okay, it’s not, it’s not.

**Rachel:** Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you’re, you’re, you’re making this too hard.

**Ross:** Oh I’m, I’m making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.

**Rachel:** I don’t know, I don’t know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.

**Ross:** Okay, okay, fine, you’re right. Let’s ah, let’s take a break, *(goes to the door)* let’s cool off, okay, let’s get some [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|frozen]] yogart, or something.. *(opens the door)*

**Rachel:** No. *(Ross is standing in the doorway.)* A break from us.

*(Ross looks at her, then leaves slamming the door behind him.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Philly, Chandler and Joey are talking to Chloe.

**Chloe:** And the advances in [[Friends-词汇总表#collate\|collating]] in the past five years, I mean we just got in an X-5000, y'know. The X-5000 makes the X-50 look like a T-71.

*(Chandler agrees in an absolutely bored way.)*

**Chloe:** *(seeing Ross enter)* Hey, it’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] guy. *(runs over to Ross)* Hi, Ross.

**Ross:** Oh, hi Chloe.

**Chloe:** I want you to met some friends of mine. *(Introduces him to Chandler and Joey)* This guy is my [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]], he comes in with some stuff he wants it blown up 400%, we said we don’t do that, and he says you gotta. And y'know what, we did it. And now [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] anybody wants 400, we just say ‘let’s Ross it!’

**Chandler:** And that’s the only [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colour]] that comes in.

**Issac:** Yo, Chloe, do you have a quarter for the [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] machine?

**Chloe:** Oh! *(storms off)*

**Chandler:** So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] dinner.

**Ross:** Yeah, little change in plans. Ahh, we’re gonna break-up instead.

*(Chandler and Joey stare at each other in shock.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Phoebe are on their dates with Sergei and Mischa.

**Monica:** Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous [[Friends-词汇总表#coucher\|coucher]] avec moi ce soir? *(Mischa laughs)* Why? What did I say?

**Mischa:** Well, you just asked if I wanted to go to bed with you tonight.

**Monica:** Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.

**Phoebe:** *(laughing and banging her spoon on the table)* Knock, [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]], knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinated]] by what Boutros Boutros Gali said in the New York Times.

*(Mischa does so.)*

**Phoebe:** You didn’t say Boutros Boutros Gali.

**Mischa:** *(to Sergei)* Boutros Boutros Gali.

*(Sergei responds.)*

**Mischa:** He says he was too.

**Phoebe:** Interesting.

**Mischa:** *(to Monica)* So I was wondering....

**Phoebe:** Okay, ah, before you get all [[Friends-词汇总表#talky\|talky]] again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]].

*(Mischa does so, and Sergei complements Phoebe, and says it slowly)*

**Mischa:** *(to Phoebe, very quickly)* Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun. *(to Monica)* So you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]]?

**Monica:** I’m also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.

**Mischa:** Oh, really.

**Phoebe:** Monica, can I talk to you behind my menu, please. *(Behind the menu)* What are you doing?

**Monica:** Well, I was having a [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven’t been able to say two words to each other.

**Monica:** What do you want me to do? Just sit here [[Friends-词汇总表#silently\|silently]] while you three have a [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]]?

**Phoebe:** That would be great. Thank you.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is lying in front of the bay window, and the phone rings.

**Rachel:** *(jumping up to answer the phone)* Hello!

**Mark:** Oh, hi. It’s Mark.

**Rachel:** *(disappointed)* Oh.

**Mark:** What? Is it my [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]]?

**Rachel:** No! Sorry, I just thought you were somebody else. Hi!

**Mark:** Hi. Well, look, I was just gonna leave a message, isn’t tonight your, your big [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] dinner?

**Rachel:** Yeah. Well, umm.....

**Mark:** Rach, are you okay?

**Rachel:** *(on the verge of tears)* Yeah, I’m fine.

**Mark:** You wanna talk, I mean I can come over?

**Rachel:** No! Really, no, please, please, that’s, that’s okay.

**Mark:** All right, all right, I’m coming over, and I’m bringing Chinese food.

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah, I’m not, I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]].

**Mark:** It’s for me.

**Rachel:** Oh. Okay, bye.


> [!scene] Scene: The Philly.

**Joey:** So what are you gonna do?

**Ross:** What can I do? One person wants to break-up, you break-up.

**Chandler:** Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.

**Ross:** Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don’t I have to wait a while?

**Chandler:** Hey, this isn’t like [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swimming]] after you eat, pick up the phone!!

*(Ross goes to call her.)*

**Chandler:** Y'know that whole [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swimming]] thing is a [[Friends-词汇总表#myth\|myth]].

**Joey:** Yeah, tell that to my Uncle Lenny.

**Chandler:** Why? What happened to him?

**Joey:** Nothing, he’s just really [[Friends-词汇总表#belief\|believes]] in that.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Mark is there, opening Chinese food boxes.

**Rachel:** Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]]. I told him he [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treats]] me like a park [[Friends-词汇总表#ranger\|ranger]], or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don’t want to take a break.

**Mark:** Wow. I’m sorry. Eggroll?

**Rachel:** No. *(grabs an eggroll)* And then I called him, and he wasn’t there.

**Mark:** Well, then he’s, he’s probably just, out.

**Rachel:** Oh, thank you that’s very helpful, I’m glad you came over.

*(The phone rings and Rachel answers it.)*

**Rachel:** Hello.

**Ross:** Hi! It’s me.

**Rachel:** Hi! Oh, I’m so glad you called.

**Ross:** Really? I’ve been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don’t, don’t you think we can work on this?

**Mark:** Hey, what do you want to drink?

**Ross:** Who’s that?

**Rachel:** Nobody.

**Mark:** Is it okay if I finish the apple [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]]?

*(Rachel mouths ‘Shoot!’ or something similar.)*

**Ross:** Is that Mark?

**Rachel:** Umm, honey, look he just came over to....


> [!scene] Cut to The Philly.

**Ross:** Yeah! Got it! *(slams the phone down, and walks back to the bar.)*

**Chloe:** Hey, [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] guy, look at you, so sad. Come dance.

**Ross:** Ah, that’s okay, thanks.

**Chloe:** Hey, you don’t have to [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]]. You just have to dance.

**Ross:** Look, I don’t feel like dancing, I feel like having a drink. Okay?

**Chloe:** Oh, okay. *(to the bartender)* Hey, two [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]]. *(sits down next to him)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Restaurant, after dinner.

**Mischa:** *(to Monica)* And the [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]] said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]], I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.

**Monica:** Oh. *(to Phoebe)* Can I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]]?

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] suck it up through your [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choke]] on it.

*(Sergei says something to Mischa.)*

**Mischa:** *(to Phoebe)* Sergei, would like to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologise\|apologise]] for my [[Friends-词汇总表#behaviour\|behaviour]] tonight.

**Phoebe:** Well, tell him, [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]] accepted.

*(Mischa does so.)*

**Mischa:** *(to Monica)* Oh, he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! *(to Sergei)* You [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#diplomat\|diplomat]], why don’t you learn some English, Sergei?

**Phoebe:** Excuse me, but umm, isn’t he paying for your dinner?

**Monica:** Hey, the man’s dog just died.

*(Sergei insults Mischa, and they get into a huge fight, in Russian.)*

**Mischa:** *(to Monica)* I have just [[Friends-词汇总表#resign\|resigned]] my post. Would you care to [[Friends-词汇总表#accompany\|accompany]] me to the Rainbow Room? I have [[Friends-词汇总表#diplomatic\|diplomatic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#coupon\|coupons]].

**Monica:** It will be my [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]]. *(to Phoebe)* My guy has [[Friends-词汇总表#diplomatic\|diplomatic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#coupon\|coupons]]. Your guy can’t even say coupons. *(they leave)*

**Sergei:** Uh, *(picks up a plate)* [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]]?

**Phoebe:** Plate! Yes, [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]].

**Sergei:** Plate. Plate. Plate.

**Phoebe:** See, we don’t need them.

**Sergei:** *(picking up a cup)* Plate?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: The Philly, With or Without You is playing. (Which is the same song Ross played for Rachel in TOW the List.)

**Ross:** *(to Chloe)* I like this song.

**Chloe:** Well, you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#practically\|practically]] dancing already. Why don’t you just do it over here?

**Ross:** Oh, no, no.

**Chloe:** What? Are you married? ‘Cause that’s okay.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is next to the bay window again, Mark has left.

**Rachel:** *(picks up the phone and calls Ross)* Oh, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home. Be home. Be home, be home, be home. Oh, you’re not home.


> [!scene] Scene: The Philly, Ross is dancing with Chloe.

**Chloe:** Still no [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]]?

*(She kisses him. Ross leans back for a second, and then they both kiss, more passionately this time as U2's With or Without You plays in the background.) To Be Continued......*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Sergei is teaching Phoebe how to sing American Pie, by Don Maclean.

*(Both Phoebe and him are singing along and they get to the chorus.)*

**Sergei:** *(singing)* Touchet, [[Friends-词汇总表#touchet\|touchet]], Miss Americccan [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]]. *(stops to correct Phoebe)* Ameri-ccan.

**Phoebe:** Ameri-can.

**Sergei:** Ameri-ccan.

**Phoebe:** Ameri-can. Y'know it’s a very hard language. Let’s do it again.

*(They start singing, and Phoebe covers her mouth at the American part.)*

**Sergei:** *(to the rest of Central Perk)* Everybody!! *(In his language, and continues.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 4 | 186 | 106 | *Anyway, I’m going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator’s date* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 3 | 70 | 61 | *Umm, well he’s very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn’t speak any Eng* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 3 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, I’m sorry, I’m gonna have to call you back, I’ve got a Schemp in my office.   What are yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Good bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 3 | 92 | 55 | *Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 3 | 102 | 59 | *Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you’re, you’re, you’r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 3 | 215 | 100 | *So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big anniversary dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *Hey, how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *She was kidding about that right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *No, no, no, I’m looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Riv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Hi. Look um, about what happened earlier...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don’t feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rach* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Oh, thank you that’s very helpful, I’m glad you came over.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Hey, what do you want to drink?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Umm, well he’s very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn’t speak any Eng* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Okay, that hurt us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Relax. It’s just Issac’s D.J.-ing at the Philly. You should come.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *He would like to kiss you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Oh that’s my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat.  She’s fancy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, I’m going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator’s date* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Yeah all right, so we’ll hang out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *God, that would be weird it that situation presented itself tonight, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Yeah, I guess, but what’s like heads and what’s tails?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *You brought a picnic, oh, what a boyfriend. That’s it, on Monday I start wearing make-up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *I want you to met some friends of mine.  This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *I want you to met some friends of mine.  This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Really? I’ve been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don’t, don’t you think we can work on this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Hey, dinosaur guy, look at you, so sad. Come dance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don’t accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *What? Are you married? ‘Cause that’s okay.* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] | /pleit/ | n. 碟, 盘子, 盆中物, 金属板, 图版, 金银餐具, 印版, 金属牌(照) | n. a sheet of metal or wood or glass or plastic | 7 | 49 | 19 | *Uh,  plate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] | /æni'vә:sәri/ | n. 周年纪念 | n. the date on which an event occurred in some previous year (or the celebration | 5 | 39 | 11 | *Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn’t she know it’s our anniversa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 4 | 52 | 42 | *Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what B* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 2 | 38 | 34 | *Hey, it’s the dinosaur guy.  Hi, Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 2 | 49 | 33 | *Well, I was having a conversation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]] | /swim/ | n. 游泳, 漂浮, 潮流, 眩晕 | v. travel through water | 2 | 16 | 12 | *Hey, this isn’t like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 2 | 42 | 36 | *Hey, you don’t have to smile. You just have to dance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] | /dʒɑ:/ | n. 广口瓶, 震动, 刺耳声 | n. a vessel (usually cylindrical) with a wide mouth and without handles | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Hey, how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *I won’t give you anything, but you’ll owe me 2.95.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *I have a date with this diplomat I met while I was giving free massages outside the UN and, I don’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Wow! You might just get the first Nobel prize in rubbing. So what country is this guy from?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticate]] | /sә'fistikeit/ | n. 久经世故的人, 精于...之道的人 | n. a worldly-wise person | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Umm, well he’s very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn’t speak any Eng* |
| kay | /kei/ | n. 字母K, K字形物 |  | 1 | 17 | 13 | *‘Kay, here you go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]] | /'beli/ | n. 腹部, 食欲 | n. a protruding abdomen | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Yeah, are you just going down there to gawk at that hot girl with the belly button ring again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Chloe, switch with me, there’s some guys here that got a crush on you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] | /skєә/ | n. 惊吓, 恐慌 | n. a sudden attack of fear | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Maybe. Does that scare ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] | /streindʒ/ | a. 奇怪的, 陌生的, 生疏的, 不熟悉的, 不可思议的, 外行的, 外地的, 异乡的 | a. being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a b | 1 | 17 | 17 | *He’s says, ‘Walking with you makes this strange city, feel like home.’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that’s dumb what I said, don’t tell him I said that. U* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn’t she know it’s our anniversa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *Oh that’s my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat.  She’s fancy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] | /split/ | n. 劈开, 裂片, 裂缝, 分裂, 派系, 派别, 柳条 | n. extending the legs at right angles to the trunk (one in front and the other i | 1 | 26 | 21 | *Anyway, I’m going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator’s date* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we decide where we...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Right. Right. Well ah, y'know we could flip for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tail]] | /teil/ | n. 尾部, 后部, 辫子, 随员, 特务, 燕尾服, 踪迹, 限定继承(权) | n. the posterior part of the body of a vertebrate especially when elongated and  | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Yeah, I guess, but what’s like heads and what’s tails?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Okay sorry, whew.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Don’t yell at me okay, this is the most I’ve seen you all week.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Actually, that’s our three hole punch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] | /pʌntʃ/ | n. 打洞器, 钻孔机, 冲压机, 冲床, 潘趣酒 | n. (boxing) a blow with the fist | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Actually, that’s our three hole punch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 1 | 44 | 29 | *No, but it’d be nice if you realised, it’s just a job!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I’m happy for ya, but I’m tired of having a rela* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Well neither do I!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freeze]] | /fri:z/ | vi. 冻结, 冷冻, 僵硬, 楞住 | n. the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Okay, okay, fine, you’re right. Let’s ah, let’s take a break,  let’s cool off, okay, let’s get some * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]] | /'hiәrәu/ | n. 英雄, 超越常人者, 男主角 | n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength | 1 | 16 | 12 | *I want you to met some friends of mine.  This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] | /'enitaim/ | adv. 任何时候；无例外地 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *I want you to met some friends of mine.  This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] | /'kɒndәm/ | n. 避孕套 | n. contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is w | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Yo, Chloe, do you have a quarter for the condom machine?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 1 | 34 | 22 | *Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 1 | 56 | 27 | *Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] | /breθ/ | n. 呼吸, 气息, 瞬间 | n. the process of taking in and expelling air during breathing | 1 | 20 | 17 | *What? Is it my breath?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Oh, yeah, I’m not, I’m not hungry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Yeah, tell that to my Uncle Lenny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 1 | 44 | 22 | *Is it okay if I finish the apple juice?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Oh, okay.  Hey, two beers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] | /iә/ | n. 耳朵, 倾听, 听觉, 穗 | n. the sense organ for hearing and equilibrium | 1 | 37 | 28 | *And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Oh.  Can I have a tissue?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] | /.æksi'dentli/ | adv. 偶然地, 意外地 | r without advance planning | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don’t accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don’t accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choke]] | /tʃәuk/ | vt. 窒息, 阻塞, 噎, 抑制 | n. a coil of low resistance and high inductance used in electrical circuits to p | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don’t accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒi/ | n. 道歉, 辩护 | n. an expression of regret at having caused trouble for someone | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well, tell him, apology accepted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Oh, he’s unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *Oh, he’s unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *It will be my pleasure.  My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can’t even say coupons.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] | /pai/ | n. 馅饼, 财富, 总额, 贪污受贿, 杂乱, 喜鹊 | n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top | 1 | 35 | 15 | *Touchet, touchet, Miss Americccan pie.  Ameri-ccan.* |

### 低频词（60）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| chloe | /'klәji/ | n. 克洛伊（女子名） |  | 7 | 11 | 2 | *Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!* |
| sergei |  | 塞奇（人名） |  | 7 | 7 | 1 | *Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boutros\|boutros]] |  | n. (Boutros)人名；(法)布特罗；(阿拉伯)布特罗斯 |  | 6 | 6 | 1 | *Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what B* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#atlas\|atlas]] | /'ætlәs/ | n. 地图集, 图表集 | n. (Greek mythology) a Titan who was forced by Zeus to bear the sky on his shoul | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Hey. I need an atlas! I need an atlas!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#translator\|translator]] | /træn'leitә/ | n. 翻译者 | n. a person who translates written messages from one language to another | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Umm, well he’s very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn’t speak any Eng* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gali\|gali]] |  | [地名] [格鲁吉亚、坦桑尼亚] 加利 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what B* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coupon\|coupon]] | /'ku:pɒn/ | n. 息票, 赠券 | n. a negotiable certificate that can be detached and redeemed as needed | 3 | 5 | 3 | *I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diplomat\|diplomat]] | /'diplәmæt/ | n. 外交官, 有外交手腕的人 | n. an official engaged in international negotiations | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I have a date with this diplomat I met while I was giving free massages outside the UN and, I don’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#globe\|globe]] | /glәub/ | n. 球, 球状物, 地球仪, 天体 | n. a sphere on which a map (especially of the earth) is represented | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Oh, but wait I do have a globe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#picnic\|picnic]] | /'piknik/ | n. 野餐, 远足, 愉快的经历 | n. any informal meal eaten outside or on an excursion | 2 | 7 | 5 | *You brought a picnic, oh, what a boyfriend. That’s it, on Monday I start wearing make-up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologise\|apologise]] | /ә'pɔlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉（等于apologize） | v defend, explain, clear away, or make excuses for by reasoning | 2 | 5 | 4 | *I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ranger\|ranger]] | /'reinʒә/ | n. 王室守林人, 骑警, 漫游者 | n a member of the Texas state highway patrol; formerly a mounted lawman who main | 2 | 10 | 8 | *You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody’s work!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diplomatic\|diplomatic]] | /.diplә'mætik/ | a. 外交的, 老练的 | a. relating to or characteristic of diplomacy | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#touchet\|touchet]] |  | [地名] [美国] 图谢特 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Touchet, touchet, Miss Americccan pie.  Ameri-ccan.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#olive\|olive]] | /'ɒliv/ | n. 橄榄, 橄榄树, 橄榄色, 橄榄枝 | n. small ovoid fruit of the European olive tree; important food and source of oi | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey, how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nobel\|nobel]] | /'nәubel/ | n. 诺贝尔 | n. Swedish chemist remembered for his invention of dynamite and for the bequest  | 1 | 12 | 5 | *Wow! You might just get the first Nobel prize in rubbing. So what country is this guy from?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prize\|prize]] | /praiz/ | n. 奖赏, 奖金, 奖品, 战利品, 捕获 | n. something given for victory or superiority in a contest or competition or for | 1 | 13 | 6 | *Wow! You might just get the first Nobel prize in rubbing. So what country is this guy from?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dash\|dash]] | /dæʃ/ | n. 冲撞, 破折号, 短跑 | n. distinctive and stylish elegance | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Umm, well he’s very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn’t speak any Eng* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pencil\|pencil]] | /'pensl/ | n. 铅笔, 色笔, 眉笔, 画笔, 光线束 | n. a thin cylindrical pointed writing implement; a rod of marking substance enca | 1 | 7 | 7 | *It’s a globe and, a pencil sharpener.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sharpener\|sharpener]] | /'ʃɑ:pnә/ | n. 研磨者, 卷笔刀, 研磨工具 | n. any implement that is used to make something (an edge or a point) sharper | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It’s a globe and, a pencil sharpener.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#xerox\|xerox]] | /'ziәrɒks/ | v. 静电复印 | n. a copy made by a xerographic printer | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I’m going down to the Xerox place.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gawk\|gawk]] | /gɒ:k/ | n. 笨人, 呆子, 笨拙的人 | n an awkward stupid person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, are you just going down there to gawk at that hot girl with the belly button ring again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#issac\|issac]] |  | n. （男子名）艾萨克, 昵称为Ike,含义为“笑” |  | 1 | 10 | 2 | *Relax. It’s just Issac’s D.J.-ing at the Philly. You should come.* |
| philly | /'fili/ | n. 费城（Philadelphia的俗称, 美国一座城市） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Relax. It’s just Issac’s D.J.-ing at the Philly. You should come.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extent\|extent]] | /ik'stent/ | n. 范围, 程度, 区域 | n. the point or degree to which something extends | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right ah, Ross, this is the extent of my knowledge on the subject.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doodle\|doodle]] | /'du:dl/ | vi. 涂鸦, 混时间 | v. make a doodle; draw aimlessly | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh that’s my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat.  She’s fancy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ladybug\|ladybug]] | /'leidibʌg/ | n. 瓢虫 | n. small round bright-colored and spotted beetle that usually feeds on aphids an | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh that’s my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat.  She’s fancy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disaster]] | /di'zɑ:stә/ | n. 灾祸, 不幸, 彻底失败 | n. an act that has disastrous consequences | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, there was a disaster in shipping and I’ve got to get this order in. Honey, I’m so sorry, but i* |
| larry | /'læri/ | n. 拉里（男子名） | n. Same as Lorry, or Lorrie. | 1 | 12 | 4 | *Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vividly\|vividly]] |  | adv. 鲜艳, 强烈, 明亮, 鲜明, 活泼, 有生气, 生动, 清晰, 逼真 | r. in a vivid manner | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yes. Vividly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rivera\|rivera]] |  | n. 里韦拉（乌拉圭北部最重要的边境城市, 里韦拉省首府） | n. socialist Mexican painter of murals (1886-1957) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, no, I’m looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Riv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] | /bi'ki:ni/ | n. 大爆炸, 比基尼泳装 | n. an atoll in the Marshall Islands; formerly used by the United States as a sit | 1 | 10 | 8 | *No, no, no, I’m looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Riv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colour]] | /'kʌlә/ | n. 颜色, 面色, 颜料, 外貌 | n any material used for its color | 1 | 7 | 6 | *No, no, no, I’m looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Riv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supervisor\|supervisor]] | /.sju:pә'vaizә/ | n. 管理者, 监督者, 指导者, 视导员 | n. one who supervises or has charge and direction of | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, no, no, I’m looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Riv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crisis\|crisis]] | /'kraisis/ | n. 危机, 危险期, 紧要关头 | n. an unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ross honey, this is very nice, but, but I-I got a crisis.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] | /in'vizәbl/ | a. 看不见的, 无形的 | a. impossible or nearly impossible to see; imperceptible by the eye | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Okay, you don’t have to stop, I’m invisible, I’m not here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pepper\|pepper]] | /'pepә/ | n. 胡椒粉, 胡椒, 辣椒 | n. climber having dark red berries (peppercorns) when fully ripe; southern India | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Pepper?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] | /baut/ | n. 一回, 回合, 较量 | n. a period of illness | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I’m sorry. But ah, hey, oh, somebody’s off the phone, how ‘bout a glass of wine by the fire, I could* |
| sophie | /'sәufi/ | n. 索菲（女子名） |  | 1 | 15 | 7 | *What?  Sophie, does she have ten minutes?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deadline\|deadline]] | /'dedlain/ | n. 最后期限, 截止期限 | n. the point in time at which something must be completed | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I’ve got a deadline, would you just go home, I’ll talk to yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stress\|stress]] | /stres/ | n. 压力, 紧迫, 强调, 重音, 重点, 应力 | n. the relative prominence of a syllable or musical note (especially with regard | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were stressed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#collate\|collate]] | /kә'leit/ | vt. 校对, 校勘 | v. compare critically; of texts | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And the advances in collating in the past five years, I mean we just got in an X-5000, y'know. The X* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coucher\|coucher]] | /'kautʃә/ | [建] 伏工 | n. One who couches. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?  Why? What did I say* |
| avec |  | abbr. Allen video-enhanced contrast microscopy 艾伦视像增强相差显微术 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?  Why? What did I say* |
| moi |  | abbr. 惯性矩（Moment of Inertia）；感染复数（Multiplicity of Infection） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?  Why? What did I say* |
| soir |  | [网络] 法兰西晚报；夜色巴黎；暮色 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?  Why? What did I say* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cafe\|cafe]] | /kɑ:'fei/ | n. 咖啡馆, 酒店 | n. a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.* |
| maurice | /'mɔ:ris/ | n. 莫里斯（男人名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinate]] | /'fæsineit/ | vt. 令人入神, 使着迷 | v. to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what B* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talky\|talky]] | /'tɒ:ki/ | a. 对话过多的 | s full of trivial conversation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like * |
| mischa |  | n. (Mischa)人名；(英)米沙 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven’t been able to say two words to ea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silently\|silently]] | /'sailәntli/ | adv. 默默地, 静静地 | r without speaking | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#myth\|myth]] | /miθ/ | n. 神话, 虚构的事, 虚构的人 | n. a traditional story accepted as history; serves to explain the world view of  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know that whole swimming thing is a myth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eggroll\|eggroll]] |  | na. 蛋卷 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow. I’m sorry. Eggroll?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vet\|vet]] | /vet/ | n. 兽医 | v. work as a veterinarian | 1 | 10 | 8 | *And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#behaviour\|behaviour]] | /bi'heivjә/ | n. 行为, 举止 | n the action or reaction of something (as a machine or substance) under specifie | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resign\|resign]] | /ri'zain/ | vt. 辞职, 放弃, 使顺从 | v. accept as inevitable | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accompany\|accompany]] | /ә'kʌmpәni/ | vt. 陪伴, 伴随, 补充, 为...伴奏 | v. go or travel along with | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rainbow\|rainbow]] | /'reinbәu/ | n. 彩虹 | n. an arc of colored light in the sky caused by refraction of the sun's rays by  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practically\|practically]] | /'præktikli/ | adv. 几乎, 差不多, 事实上 | r. almost; nearly | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well, you’re practically dancing already. Why don’t you just do it over here?* |
