---
season: 3
episode: "22"
title: "The One With The Screamer"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S03E22 — The One With The Screamer

*Written by: Scott Silveri & Shana Goldberg-Meehan*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is on the phone, Chandler and Monica are sitting in the living room, and Ross is in the kitchen as Rachel enters from her bedroom.

**Rachel:** Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah, he [[Friends-词汇总表#clip\|clipped]] on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he’s at Flimby’s.

**Rachel:** What’s Flimby’s?

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah, that’s the word I use when I can’t remember the real thing.

**Rachel:** Okay. Hang up! That’s it! Come on!

**Phoebe:** No! Rachel, that’s what they want me to do. My warranty [[Friends-词汇总表#expire\|expires]] tomorrow, if I don’t get through, they’re not gonna fix my [[Friends-词汇总表#crappy\|crappy]], broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It’s us [[Friends-词汇总表#versus\|versus]] them!

**Chandler:** Ye-e-es!!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey.

**All:** Hey.

**Joey:** Uh, listen I gotta double check for [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] tonight. Who-who got what? Chandler, Phoebe, and Rachel: I had one.

**Monica:** I need two. I’m bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!

**Joey:** Two it is. Ross, how about you?

**Ross:** Uh, yeah, I ah, I also need two.

**Monica:** Really? Who’s number two?

**Chandler:** Who’s number two? One of the more difficult games [[Friends-词汇总表#sewer\|sewer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#worker\|workers]] play.

**Ross:** Uh, no, it’s-it’s just this person.

**Phoebe:** Like a date type *(looks at Rachel)* person?

**Ross:** Yeah, kinda. It’s this woman from work. I hope that won’t be too weird. Will it, Rach?

**Rachel:** No. No, not at all, not at all. I actually was gonna bring someone myself, so…

**Joey:** But you said one.

**Rachel:** I meant, me plus one!

**Joey:** Okay. *(to Phoebe and Chandler)* Did ah, you guys mean you plus one?

**Ross:** All right, I’ll see you tonight.

**Joey:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Okay, bye-bye!

**Chandler:** Bye!

**Monica:** Bye-bye!

*(Ross exits)*

**Rachel:** Okay, I need a date! *(runs to her bedroom)*

**Joey:** Oh, hey, you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!

**All:** Oh!

**Joey:** *(to Chandler)* And I ah, [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] some of your [[Friends-词汇总表#cologne\|cologne]]. I hope she likes it.

**Monica:** Joey, what are you doing?! It’s never gonna happen, she’s seeing somebody.

**Chandler:** Yeah, and I don’t have any [[Friends-词汇总表#cologne\|cologne]].

**Joey:** The green [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] next to the [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shaving]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]].

**Chandler:** Oh! Worm medicine for the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]].

*(In horror, Joey wipes his neck and smells it.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is getting ready to go to Joey’s premiere and Phoebe is still on hold.

**Monica:** *(to Phoebe)* Here you go. You can wear this. *(hands her a sweater)*

**Phoebe:** Thanks!

**Monica:** Uh-huh.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(on phone)* Ooh, I’m setting the phone down. *(does so)* But I’m still here! Just don’t go [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] I’m still here. *(starts to put on the sweater)* Don’t-don’t switch or anything, ‘cause I’m, I’m right here. *(She has pulled the sweater over her head, but her head is stuck in a sleeve.)* Just one sec. One sec! One second!! *(She is now frantically trying to get the sweater on, as Monica returns from the bathroom.)* Wait! One second! Just…

**Monica:** Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** What?! Monica, I’m scared!!

**Monica:** All right. Honey, that’s-that’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeve\|sleeve]]. Okay?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Monica:** And! We also have [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]] phone. *(She turns on the speaker phone.)*

**Hold Voice:** Please, stay on the line. Your call is important to us.

**Monica:** Okay, wait, you gotta hang up ‘cause we’re gonna be late.

*(Phoebe starts to hang up the phone, but…)*

**Hold Voice:** Thank you for your patience, you’re the next caller.

**Phoebe:** Yes!! Yes!! I’m the next [[Friends-词汇总表#caller\|caller]]! You were gonna have me hang up.

**Chandler:** *(entering, carrying the chick and duck)* Hey! Can you take a [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] to the theatre?

**Monica:** Of course not.

**Phoebe:** No.

**Chandler:** Okay. I just wanted them to hear it from somebody else.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey’s Premiere, Rachel is already there with her date, Tommy who's played by Ben Stiller who will be in There's Something About Mary and Meet The Parents, as Ross and his date, Cailin, arrive.

**Ross:** Hey, hey Rach!

**Rachel:** Oh, hi!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Rachel:** How are you? *(She goes to kiss him on the cheek, but stops because of the dates and pats him on the shoulder.)*

**Ross:** Good.

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Ross:** So it’s looks like we’re the first ones here.

**Rachel:** Yeah, looks that way. First ones here! Wooo!!

**Ross:** Yay!!

*(An awkward silence follows.)*

**Rachel:** Oh! Tommy, this is Ross. Ross, Tommy.

**Tommy:** Hey.

**Ross:** Hey. Oh, I’m sorry, this is Cailin.

*(They all try and shake hands at once. They end up criss-crossing they’re arms to shake each other’s hand, and Ross says…)*

**Ross:** And! Break!!

*(Awkward laughter follows.)*

**Rachel:** Okay, uhh, I think I’m going to run to the ladies room.

**Tommy:** Okay.

**Cailin:** I’ll join you.

**Tommy:** I’ll get our seats.

**Ross:** Okay. *(The girls leave.)* *(to Tommy)* So uh, well, this-this is uh, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]].

**Tommy:** Yeah?

**Ross:** Well y'know ‘cause Rachel and I used to go out.

**Tommy:** Oh, I didn’t, I didn’t know that.

**Ross:** Oh! Well then this is [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]]. So what do you uh…

**Tommy:** I think we’re here.

**Ross:** Oh! Yeah.

**Tommy:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Okay. *(sees two people sitting in their seats.)* Uh, huh. Excuse me, I’m sorry, I-I think you may be in our seats.

**Man:** Umm, no, I don’t think so.

**Tommy:** Can-can we take a look at your [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]]?

**Man:** Sure. *(Hands him the ticket.)*

**Ross:** *(looking at ticket)* Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uh…

**Man:** Oh, well I thought that ah…

**Tommy:** Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn’t really work out too well for you did it you [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]!! What are you?! A [[Friends-词汇总表#moron\|moron]]!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#surround\|surrounded]] by even numbers!! Did that give you some [[Friends-词汇总表#clue\|clue]]?!

**Man:** Uh, the [[Friends-词汇总表#usher\|usher]] told us to come…

**Tommy:** Oh! Oh! The [[Friends-词汇总表#usher\|usher]] must be right! What, with all that [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|training]] they go through! Get out!! *(They start to leave.)* Here! *(He throws him back his ticket.)* *(to Ross, calmly)* Hey man, you want the [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]]?

**Ross:** No, I’m good. *(He sits down, stunned.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Theatre, at the post premiere party. The gang is already there, except Phoebe. Joey runs in.

**Chandler:** *(seeing Joey)* There he is!

**Monica:** There’s our star!

**Joey:** So, so, what’d ya think?

**Chandler:** Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.

**Joey:** I-I wasn’t in that.

**Chandler:** I know.

**Joey:** *(sees Kate)* Oh-oh, hey-hey, Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody, this is Kate.

**Monica:** Hi!

**The Director:** *(stepping in)* Excuse me. Excuse me. *(to Kate)* Sweetheart! *(Kisses her.)* Come! *(They leave.)*

**Chandler:** So that’s the girl you like.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Ross:** *(drags Chandler over to buffet table)* I’m telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He [[Friends-词汇总表#viscously\|viscously]] [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screamed]] at total [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|strangers]]! I think he’s baaad news!

**Chandler:** Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don’t like the guy Rachel’s dating? Well, that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#odd\|odd]].


> [!scene] cut to Joey, Rachel, and Tommy.

**Joey:** Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate’s [[Friends-词汇总表#understudy\|understudy]], Lauren.

**Rachel:** Oh, hi!

**Lauren:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey. Gosh, you look soo [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]].

**Lauren:** Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] me the next day.


> [!scene] cut to Monica, Pete, and Cailin

**Cailin:** So. How’d you guys meet?

**Pete:** Well ah, the short version is, I ah [[Friends-词汇总表#pursue\|pursued]] her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for 20,000 dollars, and she was mine.

**Monica:** Yeah, and in the long version, I [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] him for telling people the short version.


> [!scene] cut to Joey as Estelle, Joey’s agent, approaches

**Estelle:** Joey, [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]], you were [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]]!

**Joey:** Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.

**Estelle:** How do you do. *(to Rachel and Monica)* Ooh, you two girls were [[Friends-词汇总表#outstanding\|outstanding]]! *(to Joey)* Did they have [[Friends-词汇总表#representation\|representation]]?

**Joey:** No, they-they weren’t in the play.

**Rachel:** We’re not actors.

**Estelle:** Ooh, what a [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]]! Because with her face *(points to Monica)* and her [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] *(points to Rachel)* I could really put something together.

**Chandler:** Could I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] it?


> [!scene] cut to later

**Cailin:** *(to Ross)* Hi! Remember me?

**Ross:** Hi! Yeah! Tommy’s in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he’s gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snap]]. *(He’s watching very intently)*

**Cailin:** Ross, I’m gonna go.

**Ross:** Go? Why?

**Cailin:** I don’t know. Could be because I don’t feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]].

**Ross:** But-but Cailin, he definitely will [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]].

**Cailin:** Good bye Ross.

**Ross:** Uh, oh-ho bye.

**The Director:** *(entering carrying a newspaper)* Here we go people! *(starts reading the review)* Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la… Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.

**Joey:** Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!

**The Director:** Kate Miller’s awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable.

*(Kate walks away depressed.) Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is… (stops, reads it again, and throws down the paper in disgust) Thank you, boys and girls, you’ve ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother’s crab cakes! (starts to leave) Excuse me!!*

*(Joey steps in a picks up the paper, the gang all look at him.)*

**Joey:** Anyone mind if I save this?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are returning. Phoebe is still on hold.

**Monica:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Oh, is the play over?

**Monica:** Yeah. Where were you?

**Hold Voice:** Thank you for your patience, you’re the next caller.

**Monica:** You were the next [[Friends-词汇总表#caller\|caller]] five hours ago. You must be going crazy.

**Phoebe:** Nah. I kept myself [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]].

*(Both Rachel and Monica walk into their bedrooms, stop, and come back into the living room with confused looks on their faces.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, okay, yeah. *(to Monica)* I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.

*(They both look at each other, nod their heads ‘All right’ and follow their stuff into their new rooms.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Theatre, after the party. Joey is trying to comfort Kate.

**Joey:** Hey! Are you okay?

**Kate:** Fabulous.

**Joey:** Listen, [[Friends-词汇总表#drama\|drama]] [[Friends-词汇总表#critic\|critics]] they’re nothing but, but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what you should do?

**Kate:** Become a [[Friends-词汇总表#drama\|drama]] [[Friends-词汇总表#critic\|critic]]!

**The Director:** *(entering, drunk)* I am hurt! *(to Joey and Kate)* A plague on both your houses! *(walks away)*

**Kate:** By the way, he [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] me tonight after he read my review.

**Joey:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]].

**Kate:** Yep! I sure know how to pick ‘em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] for this!

**Joey:** Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.

**Kate:** Really. What?

**Joey:** Uh, de-[[Friends-词汇总表#claw\|clawing]] cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We’ll stop by every news stand and [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] every copy of their Times and the Post.

**Kate:** Why the Post?

**Joey:** Oh, you didn’t see the Post?

**Kate:** No. You?

**Joey:** No. Why?


> [!scene] Scene: Kate’s Apartment, Joey and Kate are returning from a night out on the town.

**Kate:** *(drunk)* So you really think those [[Friends-词汇总表#newspaper\|newspapers]] are just [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] of me?

**Joey:** Oh, absolutely! You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] and you’re good looking.

**Kate:** Oh, you’re sweet and cute.

**Joey:** I know! That’s why they [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trashed]] me!

*(They kiss.)*

**Joey:** Whoa. Wait a minute, wait a minute.

**Kate:** What?

**Joey:** I, I don’t get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.

**Kate:** What? So you never went out with an [[Friends-词汇总表#actress\|actress]] before?

**Joey:** Kate, do you even like me?

**Kate:** Of course I do.

**Joey:** Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?

**Kate:** I don’t know! I just, just do this! I-I always have to pick the like the [[Friends-词汇总表#smartest\|smartest]] guy, or-or the most [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] guy… Why can’t I just pick someone like you?

**Joey:** Thanks.

**Kate:** You know what I mean. I mean like the [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetest\|sweetest]] guy. Joey, you’re just so, you’re so, so… *(She passes out and slumps against his shoulder.)*

**Joey:** *(Checks to see if she’s drooling on his shirt.)* Okay. Okay, okay, hey. *(Lays her down and covers her with a blanket.)* There we go, let’s get your feet up there. *(Looks at her)* Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. *(Picks up a garbage can)* I’m gonna put this can right here in case you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#hurl\|hurl]].


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Phoebe is STILL on hold.

**Hold Voice:** Please stay on the line. You’re call is very important to us.

**Monica:** *(entering from her bedroom)* Pheebs, you’ve been up for 24 hours! Go to sleep, honey. Th-this isn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]].

**Phoebe:** No, no, I’m fine, and y’know why? ‘Cause of all the [[Friends-词汇总表#riboflavin\|riboflavin]].

**Joey:** *(entering, happily)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey! Didn’t you have that [[Friends-词汇总表#outfit\|outfit]] on last night?

**Joey:** Yeah! I stayed at Kate’s, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?

**Phoebe:** I’m so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you’re play. I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] you’re play is very important to us, thank you for your [[Friends-词汇总表#patience\|patience]]. You’re play is the next play is the next play I’m gonna see.

**Monica:** Anyway, how did it go with Kate?

**Joey:** Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we’re like totally crazy about each other!

**Monica:** Joey, you had the night!

**Joey:** What?

**Monica:** When two people finally [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] their [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they-they learn all about the other person!

**Joey:** You-you think?

**Monica:** Did you like learn about her family?

**Joey:** Two brothers, one died!

**Monica:** Yes!!

**Joey:** Yeah?!

**Monica:** Oh! *(They hug, triumphantly.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Monica are sitting on the couch, Rachel is on the chair.

**Gunther:** *(bringing Chandler a cup)* This is from the woman at the bar.

**Chandler:** Oh-ho-ho-ho.

*(He turns and looks at her. The woman whispers something to Gunther; who comes back and takes the mug away from Chandler.)*

**Gunther:** Sorry. She thought you were somebody else.

**Rachel:** What time is it?

**Monica:** One.

**Ross:** One.

**Chandler:** 7:15. *(Monica looks at him)* Watch doesn’t work.

**Rachel:** Tommy’s supposed to be here soon, we’re going to [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Ross:** Look. Look, I wasn’t going to say anything to you, but... All right, I don’t think you should be seeing Tommy anymore.

**Rachel:** You don’t?!

**Ross:** No! The guy is mean. I mean really mean. I think you should stay away from him.

**Rachel:** Umm, or, maybe, I should stay away from all men.

**Ross:** No, it’s not just ‘cause I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]. *(Both Monica and Chandler give him a ‘Come on’ look)* I mean I’m not, I’m not, I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]], okay? It’s… Look, the guy, he [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screamed]], he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.

**Chandler:** Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, *(claps his hands)* [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|banging]] his hands together!

**Ross:** Okay, fine, fine. You don’t want to believe me? No, that’s fine.

*(starts to leave)*

**Monica:** We’re kidding!

**Chandler:** Ross, don’t. Ross! Monica; Ross!


> [!scene] cut to outside of Central Perk

**Ross:** You don’t want to believe me, I’m Mr. Funny to you. Mr. Funny… *(turns around and almost spills his coffee on Tommy)*

**Tommy:** Whoa!!

**Ross:** Whoa, sorry Tommy.

**Tommy:** What’s in the cup, Ross?

**Ross:** Umm…

**Tommy:** What is in the cup?!

**Ross:** Okay, it’s coffee.

**Tommy:** Ice coffee? Tell me it’s ice coffee!

**Ross:** It’s-it’s hot…

**Tommy:** Hot coffee!!! You [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]!! You were gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]] hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some big, [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]], stupid, doofy idiot, with a doofy idiot [[Friends-词汇总表#hairdo\|hairdo]], huh?! Huh?!


> [!scene] cut to inside Central Perk, we see Ross quietly tapping on the window, desperately trying to get the gang’s attention, while Tommy is still screaming at him

**Rachel:** *(not seeing Ross)* What’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] thing about [[Friends-词汇总表#summertime\|summertime]]?

**Monica:** Umm, going to the beach. When it stays light real late.

**Rachel:** Yeah…

**Tommy:** *(entering, finished with yelling at Ross, who follows him in shell shocked)* *(happily)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Tommyyyy! Say, what’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] thing about summer?

**Tommy:** Ooh, I don’t know. Probably the smell of [[Friends-词汇总表#freshly\|freshly]] cut [[Friends-词汇总表#grass\|grass]].

**Chandler:** Ohh, that’s a good one.

*(Ross is having a fit, about how calm Tommy is now)*


> [!scene] Scene: Backstage at Joey’s play, Joey is arriving, late.

**Joey:** Sorry! Sorry, I’m late; sorry, I’m late! My [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] and my [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] and a fight, it-it was [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]].

**Stage Manager:** Look, we held the curtain for you buddy. Come on, let’s go! Let’s go!


> [!scene] cut to onstage with Lauren standing in for Kate, the doorbell rings.

**Lauren:** *(answering the door)* Vic! Where have you been, baby?!

**Joey:** *(surprised it’s Lauren)* *(hugs her)* *(whispering)* Where’s Kate?

**Lauren:** *(whispering)* She got a job in L.A.

**Joey:** *(stunned)* What?!

**Lauren:** I’ve been waiting up all night for ya. Where have you been? *(Joey doesn’t answer)* Where have you been? Vic?!

**Joey:** Oh, ahh, go to the window. I’m wanna run down to the truck and show you something.

**Lauren:** *(at the window, she’s looking down out of the window)* What do you got down there, Vic? What do you got under that [[Friends-词汇总表#tarp\|tarp]]?

**Joey:** *(grabs the window from the outside and sticks his head in)* *(whispering)* When is she leaving?

**Lauren:** *(whispering)* Tonight. What are you doing?

**Joey:** *(making like he is yelling up to the second floor)* I’m coming up!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Ross are in the kitchen, Rachel and Monica are sitting in the living room, and Phoebe is, you guessed it, still on hold.

**Tommy:** Hey, mind if I use the phone?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I… *(starts jabbering incoherently)*

**Chandler:** Why don’t you use [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] across the hall, ‘cause she…has…problems.

**Ross:** *(coming out of the kitchen with a cup of coffee, almost running into Tommy)* Oh-ho, whoa! Sorry, Tommy. I almost [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spilled]] this hot coffee on you.

**Tommy:** Yeah, but you didn’t.

**Ross:** No, but it’s-it’s-it’s hot!

*(We see Tommy go into Joey and Chandler’s apartment)*

**Rachel:** Ross, would you just stop it! It’s getting really old.

**Ross:** I can’t believe no one [[Friends-词汇总表#belief\|believes]] me!

**Phoebe:** I do, I believe you.

**Ross:** You do Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. But I also believed her *(points to the phone)* when she said I was next.


> [!scene] cut to Chandler and Joey’s apartment, Tommy is using the phone

**Tommy:** *(noticing the chick)* Ooh, hey! Hey, there little [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]]. *(picks up the chick)* Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? *(starts to pet him)* Aww. *(The chick poops on his hand.)* Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, [[Friends-词汇总表#fuzzy\|fuzzy]], yellow [[Friends-词汇总表#creature\|creature]]!! Oh look at me, I’m so cute, I’m a little [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] who’s [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgusting]]! God, you’re so stupid, how are you not yet [[Friends-词汇总表#extinct\|extinct]]!! *(the duck wattles behind him and quacks)* *(to the duck)* Quack-[[Friends-词汇总表#quack\|quack]], quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!

*(We see the gang staring at him through the doorways.)*

**Chandler:** Step away from the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]].

**Tommy:** Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went [[Friends-词汇总表#doody\|doody]] in my hand!

*(starts to walk out and stops) (to Rachel) Well, I guess we’re not going out anymore. Whaa!!!*

*(He leaves the gang in stunned silence.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Backstage at Joey’s play, Joey is changing for the next scene as Kate arrives, carrying her bags.

**Kate:** Joey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Kate:** I’m soo glad I caught you, I couldn’t find you before.

**Joey:** Wh-wh-what’s going on? Wh-what’s this about L.A.?

**Kate:** They still want me for General Hospital.

**Joey:** But, but wh-what about us?

**Kate:** Last night was wonderful. But I-I can’t stay here just for you.

**Joey:** Well, so, stay for the museums!

**Kate:** I’m sorry.

**Stage Manager:** Joey, onstage!

**Joey:** Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, I’ll go to the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.

**Lauren:** *(yelling from onstage)* Where are you Vic?

**Kate:** Flight’s in an hour. I-I gotta go.

**Lauren:** Vic! Vic! Vic!!!

**Joey:** *(to Lauren)* In a minute!!


> [!scene] cut to the end of the play

**Lauren:** So this is it? Victor?

**Joey:** Yeah, I guess it is. *(sees Kate is watching, he turns Lauren so that he can talk directly to Kate, but still look like he is talking to Lauren)* Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you’ve got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so… I’m gonna get on this [[Friends-词汇总表#spaceship\|spaceship]], *(smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling, and a ladder comes down, with flashing, colored lights on the side of it)* and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all.

*(gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I’m gonna want to meet her.*

*(The ladder retracts, taking Joey up into the spaceship for his voyage to Blargon 7, and Kate waves good bye.)*

**Lauren:** So long, Vic! *(waving good bye as the ladder retracts)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang, except Joey, is there. Phoebe is, well you y'know.

**Monica:** Phoebe, it’s been two days.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing it’s one of those 801 numbers. Right?

**Ross:** Phoebe, 800 is [[Friends-词汇总表#toll\|toll]] free, 801 is-is Utah.

**Phoebe:** No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it’s has to be 800. *(picks up the instruction manual to check the phone number)* ‘Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. *(Finds the number)* Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.

**Rachel:** Phoe-be!!

**Phoebe:** Sorry, I’m so sorry, I will pay you back.

**Chandler:** And yet, she’s still not hanging up the phone.

**All:** Hang it up! Hang up the phone!!

**Phoebe:** Fine! Fine! *(slams the phone down, breaking it)* Oh-oh!

**Monica:** What?

**Phoebe:** Well, I think I broke it. But that’s all right, here’s the number you can call.

**Monica:** *(sarcastic)* Oh.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（39）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 5 | 177 | 117 | *Okay. Hang up! That’s it! Come on!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 5 | 281 | 110 | *Okay, bye-bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 3 | 86 | 55 | *I’ll get our seats.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *I’m telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *I need two. I’m bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 2 | 88 | 57 | *We’re not actors.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 2 | 96 | 75 | *But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Oh, you’re sweet and cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *I, I don’t get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Yeah, kinda. It’s this woman from work. I hope that won’t be too weird. Will it, Rach?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Joey, what are you doing?! It’s never gonna happen, she’s seeing somebody.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Here you go. You can wear this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *What?! Monica, I’m scared!!* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Okay, uhh, I think I’m going to run to the ladies room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Okay, uhh, I think I’m going to run to the ladies room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Okay.  Uh, huh. Excuse me, I’m sorry, I-I think you may be in our seats.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Hi! Yeah! Tommy’s in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he’s gonna * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Oh, absolutely! You’re talented and you’re good looking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *I, I don’t get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, how did it go with Kate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Look. Look, I wasn’t going to say anything to you, but... All right, I don’t think you should be see* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *No, it’s not just ‘cause I’m jealous.  I mean I’m not, I’m not, I’m not jealous, okay? It’s… Look, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *We’re kidding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Ooh, I don’t know. Probably the smell of freshly cut grass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Sorry! Sorry, I’m late; sorry, I’m late! My duck and my chick and a fight, it-it was ugly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *I’m soo glad I caught you, I couldn’t find you before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *I’m soo glad I caught you, I couldn’t find you before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Last night was wonderful. But I-I can’t stay here just for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Yeah, I guess it is.  Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Yeah, I guess it is.  Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Yeah, I guess it is.  Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this i* |

### 常用词（45）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 5 | 61 | 44 | *Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn’t really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! Wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 4 | 63 | 32 | *Oh! Worm medicine for the duck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 3 | 40 | 22 | *Hey! Can you take a duck and a chick to the theatre?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 3 | 37 | 32 | *I’m telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 3 | 48 | 31 | *So you really think those newspapers are just jealous of me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] | /'ɒ:kwәd/ | a. 笨拙的, 棘手的 | s. causing inconvenience | 2 | 34 | 24 | *Okay.   So uh, well, this-this is uh, this is awkward.* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 2 | 49 | 20 | *Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate’s understudy, Lauren.* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 2 | 42 | 29 | *Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 2 | 31 | 26 | *Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] | /'tælәntid/ | a. 天资高的, 有才能的 | a. endowed with talent or talents | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Oh, absolutely! You’re talented and you’re good looking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 2 | 24 | 20 | *Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 2 | 21 | 16 | *What’s your favourite thing about summertime?* |
| eww |  | abbr. 墨西哥指数基金 |  | 2 | 23 | 17 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *And I ah, borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *The green bottle next to the shaving cream.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]] | /ʃeiv/ | n. 修面, 刮胡子, 幸免, 剃刀 | n. the act of removing hair with a razor | 1 | 16 | 15 | *The green bottle next to the shaving cream.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 1 | 32 | 22 | *The green bottle next to the shaving cream.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Okay.  Ooh, I’m setting the phone down.  But I’m still here! Just don’t go anywhere I’m still here. * |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 1 | 30 | 18 | *Can-can we take a look at your ticket?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] | /ail/ | n. 走廊, 侧廊, 过道 | n. a long narrow passage (as in a cave or woods) | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Oh! Oh! The usher must be right! What, with all that training they go through! Get out!!  Here!   He* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] | /'streindʒә/ | n. 陌生人, 门外汉 | n. anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found | 1 | 17 | 16 | *I’m telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] | /'hɔ:lwei/ | n. 门厅；玄关；走廊 | n. an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Joey, sweetheart, you were fabulous!* |
| estelle | /es'tel/ | n. 埃斯特尔(f.) |  | 1 | 27 | 10 | *Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] | /ʃeim/ | n. 羞耻, 羞愧, 耻辱 | n. a painful emotion resulting from an awareness of inadequacy or guilt | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face  and her chest  I could really put something together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] | /tʃest/ | n. 胸, 胸部, 衣柜, 箱子 | n. box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face  and her chest  I could really put something together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *Nah. I kept myself busy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 1 | 46 | 26 | *Yep! I sure know how to pick ‘em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a soap for this!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We’ll stop by every news stand and bur* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newspaper\|newspaper]] | /'nju:z.peipә/ | n. 报纸 | n. a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles an | 1 | 12 | 11 | *So you really think those newspapers are just jealous of me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 1 | 24 | 19 | *I know! That’s why they trashed me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Pheebs, you’ve been up for 24 hours! Go to sleep, honey. Th-this isn’t healthy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *I’m so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you’re play. I swear you’re play is very impor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 1 | 44 | 29 | *When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Tommy’s supposed to be here soon, we’re going to lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 1 | 39 | 27 | *Sorry! Sorry, I’m late; sorry, I’m late! My duck and my chick and a fight, it-it was ugly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] | /'auәz/ | pron. 我们的 | pl.  of I | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Why don’t you use ours across the hall, ‘cause she…has…problems.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgust]] | /dis'gʌst/ | n. 厌恶, 嫌恶 | n. strong feelings of dislike | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |

### 低频词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| vic | /vik/ | n. 飞机V字队形编队 |  | 8 | 10 | 2 | *Vic! Where have you been, baby?!* |
| tommy | /'tɒmi/ | n. 配给面包, 实物工资制 | n. Bread, -- generally a penny roll; the supply of food carried | 7 | 11 | 5 | *Oh! Tommy, this is Ross. Ross, Tommy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flimby\|flimby]] |  | [地名] 弗林比 ( 英 ) |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he’s at Flimby’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cologne\|cologne]] | /kә'lәun/ | n. 科隆, 科隆香水 | n. a commercial center and river port in western Germany on the Rhine River; flo | 2 | 5 | 4 | *And I ah, borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caller\|caller]] | /'kɒ:lә/ | n. 访客, 召集员, 传唤员 | n. a social or business visitor | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Yes!! Yes!! I’m the next caller! You were gonna have me hang up.* |
| cailin |  | [网络] 凯琳；译名凯琳；丐麟 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey. Oh, I’m sorry, this is Cailin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#usher\|usher]] | /'ʌʃә/ | n. 引座员, 招待员 | n. an official stationed at the entrance of a courtroom or legislative chamber | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Uh, the usher told us to come…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]] | /'fæbjulәs/ | a. 传说的, 寓言般的, 难以置信的 | s. extremely pleasing | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Joey, sweetheart, you were fabulous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drama\|drama]] | /'drɑ:mә/ | n. 戏剧, 戏剧艺术 | n. an episode that is turbulent or highly emotional | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Listen, drama critics they’re nothing but, but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what * |
| doofy |  | [网络] 有一些想法想跟他讨论一；有外面讲的压缩 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clip\|clip]] | /klip/ | n. 修剪, 夹子, 回形针, 剪下来的东西 | n. any of various small fasteners used to hold loose articles together | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he’s at Flimby’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expire\|expire]] | /ik'spaiә/ | vi. 期满, 呼气, 断气 | v lose validity | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No! Rachel, that’s what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don’t get through, th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crappy\|crappy]] | /'kræpi/ | a. <俚>蹩脚的, 没价值的, 讨厌的 | s very bad | 1 | 6 | 6 | *No! Rachel, that’s what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don’t get through, th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#versus\|versus]] | /'vә:sәs/ | prep. 对... | prep. Against; as, John Doe versus Richard Roe; -- chiefly | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No! Rachel, that’s what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don’t get through, th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sewer\|sewer]] | /'su:ә/ | n. 下水道, 阴沟, 裁缝师 | n. a waste pipe that carries away sewage or surface water | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Who’s number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worm]] | /wә:m/ | n. 虫, 蠕虫, 小人物, 螺纹, 蜗杆 | n. any of numerous relatively small elongated soft-bodied animals especially of  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh! Worm medicine for the duck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeve\|sleeve]] | /sli:v/ | n. 袖子, 套管 | n. the part of a garment that is attached at the armhole and that provides a clo | 1 | 8 | 6 | *All right. Honey, that’s-that’s a sleeve. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]] | /'spi:kә/ | n. 说话人, 讲演者, 发言人, 喇叭, 扬声器 | n. someone who expresses in language; someone who talks (especially someone who  | 1 | 10 | 6 | *And! We also have speaker phone.* |
| wooo |  | [网络] 银多架；我我我；株式会社日立制作所 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah, looks that way. First ones here! Wooo!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moron\|moron]] | /'mɒ:rɒn/ | n. 低能者, 笨人 | n. a city in Argentina, to the west of Buenos Aires | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn’t really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! Wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surround\|surround]] | /sә'raund/ | vt. 包围, 环绕, 围绕 | v. extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn’t really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! Wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clue\|clue]] | /klu:/ | n. 线索, 暗示 | n. evidence that helps to solve a problem | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn’t really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! Wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#viscously\|viscously]] |  | 黏稠地 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odd\|odd]] | /ɒd/ | a. 奇数的, 古怪的, 剩余的, 零散的, 各种各样的, 少量的 | a. not divisible by two | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don’t like the guy Rachel’s dating? Well, that’s odd.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#understudy\|understudy]] | /'ʌndәstʌdi/ | n. 预备演员, 替角 | n. an actor able to replace a regular performer when required | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate’s understudy, Lauren.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pursue\|pursue]] | /pә'sju:/ | vt. 追赶, 追踪, 追随, 追求, 实行, 继续, 从事 | v. follow in or as if in pursuit | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outstanding\|outstanding]] | /.aut'stændiŋ/ | a. 杰出的, 突出的, 未偿付的, 未决定的 | s. distinguished from others in excellence | 1 | 1 | 1 | *How do you do.  Ooh, you two girls were outstanding!  Did they have representation?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#representation\|representation]] | /.reprizen'teiʃәn/ | n. 表示法, 表现, 陈述, 代表 | n. a presentation to the mind in the form of an idea or image | 1 | 1 | 1 | *How do you do.  Ooh, you two girls were outstanding!  Did they have representation?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snap]] | /snæp/ | vt. 使突然中断, 猛咬, 争夺, 拉断, 使有啪啪声, 厉声说, 突然射击, 用快照拍摄 | n. a spell of cold weather | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Hi! Yeah! Tommy’s in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he’s gonna * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#critic\|critic]] | /'kritik/ | n. 批评家, 鉴定家 | n. a person who is professionally engaged in the analysis and interpretation of  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Listen, drama critics they’re nothing but, but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]] | /'klɑ:si/ | a. 上等的, 优等的, 漂亮的 | s. elegant and fashionable | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh, classy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actress\|actress]] | /'æktris/ | n. 女演员 | n. a female actor | 1 | 13 | 8 | *What? So you never went out with an actress before?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smartest\|smartest]] |  | 聪明伶俐地 | a showing mental alertness and calculation and resourcefulness | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I don’t know! I just, just do this! I-I always have to pick the like the smartest guy, or-or the mos* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetest\|sweetest]] |  | a. 最甜蜜的 | a having or denoting the characteristic taste of sugar | 1 | 8 | 7 | *You know what I mean. I mean like the sweetest guy. Joey, you’re just so, you’re so, so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurl\|hurl]] | /hә:l/ | n. 用力的投掷 | n. a violent throw | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay. Okay, okay, hey.  There we go, let’s get your feet up there.  Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#riboflavin\|riboflavin]] | /.raibәu'fleivin/ | n. 核黄素 | n a B vitamin that prevents skin lesions and weight loss | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, I’m fine, and y’know why? ‘Cause of all the riboflavin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outfit\|outfit]] | /'autfit/ | n. 用具, 配备, 机构 | n. any cohesive unit such as a military company | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Hey! Didn’t you have that outfit on last night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#patience\|patience]] | /'peiʃәns/ | n. 耐性, 忍耐 | n. good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I’m so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you’re play. I swear you’re play is very impor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]] | /bæŋ/ | n. 重击, 突然巨响, 刘海 | n. a sudden very loud noise | 1 | 22 | 9 | *Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like,  banging his hands* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]] | /spil/ | n. 溢出, 溅出, 摔下, 溢出量, 木片, 小塞子 | n. liquid that is spilled | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hairdo\|hairdo]] | /'hєәdu:/ | n. 束发, 发式, 作头发 | n. the arrangement of the hair (especially a woman's hair) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#summertime\|summertime]] | /'sʌmәtaim/ | n. 全盛时期, 夏季 | n the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What’s your favourite thing about summertime?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freshly\|freshly]] | /'freʃli/ | adv. 新, 新近, 精神饱满 | r very recently | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ooh, I don’t know. Probably the smell of freshly cut grass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grass\|grass]] | /græs/ | n. 草, 草原, 牧场 | n. narrow-leaved green herbage: grown as lawns; used as pasture for grazing anim | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ooh, I don’t know. Probably the smell of freshly cut grass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tarp\|tarp]] | /tɑ:p/ | n. (=tarpaulin)防水布, 油布 | n waterproofed canvas | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What do you got down there, Vic? What do you got under that tarp?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fuzzy\|fuzzy]] | /'fʌzi/ | a. 有微毛的, 模糊的 | s. confused and not coherent; not clearly thought out | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creature\|creature]] | /'kri:tʃә/ | n. 人, 动物, 创造物, 生物 | n. a human being; `wight' is an archaic term | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extinct\|extinct]] | /ik'stiŋkt/ | a. 熄灭的, 灭绝的, 耗尽的 | a. no longer in existence; lost or especially having died out leaving no living  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quack\|quack]] | /kwæk/ | n. 鸭叫声, 冒牌医生, 冒充内行之人 | n. an untrained person who pretends to be a physician and who dispenses medical  | 1 | 15 | 4 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |
| donald | /'dɔnәld/ | n. 唐纳德（男子名） |  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella.  Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing?  Aww.  Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Id* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doody\|doody]] |  | n. (Doody)人名；(英)杜迪 |  | 1 | 9 | 3 | *Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#victor\|victor]] | /'viktә/ | n. 胜利者 | n. a combatant who is able to defeat rivals | 1 | 8 | 7 | *So this is it? Victor?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spaceship\|spaceship]] | /'speisʃip/ | n. 宇宙飞船 | n a spacecraft designed to carry a crew into interstellar space (especially in s | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, I guess it is.  Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick ‘cause this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toll\|toll]] | /tәul/ | n. 通行费, 代价, 钟声 | n. a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#utah\|utah]] | /'ju:tɑ:/ | n. 犹他 | n. a state in the western United States; settled in 1847 by Mormons led by Brigh | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.* |
