---
season: 4
episode: "21"
title: "The One With the Invitation"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E21 — The One With the Invitation

*Written by: Seth Kirkland With Help from: Darcy Partridge Episodes Orginally Transcribed by: guineapig, Ruth Curran, Mindy Mattingly Phillips, Josh Hodge,  Dan Silverstein, and Eric Aasen.*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Chandler are sitting and talking.

**Chandler:** Y’know what? It seems like all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]]; so much has happened.

**Joey:** I know. Ross is getting married.

**Chandler:** Phoebe is, making people.

**Joey:** Everybody’s doing stuff!

**Chandler:** And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!

**Joey:** *(snaps his fingers)* We could [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] Mt. Everest!

**Chandler:** No-no, not something stupid, something huge.

**Joey:** No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] that thing [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]]! We could totally do that!

**Chandler:** Why not?! I mean it’s just, it’s just [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climbing]]! It’s just, it’s just [[Friends-词汇总表#steep\|steep]]!

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Chandler:** We’re going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** What-what’s up?

**Joey:** We’re gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] Mt. Everest!

**Chandler:** Yeah baby!

**Phoebe:** Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y’know you can die. And, you would die!

**Chandler:** *(dejected)* Yeah, well…

**Joey:** We could get that Everest video though.

**Chandler:** Yeah, we could do that without y’know risking our lives at all!

**Joey:** And while we’re down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! *(Chandler’s excited.)* Oh, y’know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.

**Chandler:** *(dejected)* Oh, well…

**Phoebe:** So you guys’ll stay here and hang out with me?

**Chandler:** Yeeeeahhhh.

**Joey:** Yeah. Yeah.

**Chandler:** But I’ll tell you something. One of these days we’re get off of our [[Friends-词汇总表#buts\|buts]] and rent Die Hard again!

**Joey:** Yeah we are!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s apartment, he and Emily are addressing their invitations.

**Emily:** So what did he [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]]? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?

**Ross:** Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he’s so cheap, he’d never [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] enough? *(Hands her some envelopes.)*

**Emily:** Yeah, they’re fine.

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Emily:** If anyone asks, we’ll just say Ben addressed them. *(Looking through the envelopes.)* Oh! So you invited Rachel then?

**Ross:** Sure. Why not?

**Emily:** Really?

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Emily:** I don’t think I’d be [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] with any of my old [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lovers]] there.

**Ross:** Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn’t invite her?

**Emily:** Oh, no-no, y’know I absolutely [[Friends-词汇总表#adore\|adore]] Rachel it’s just that, well it might be a [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] for you. But it’s absolutely your decision. *(Gets up.)* More [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]]?

**Ross:** Yeah sure.

**Emily:** Earl Grey?

**Ross:** Huh? Yeah, fine, invite [[Friends-词汇总表#whoever\|whoever]] you want.


> [!scene] And with that we start off on a series of clips from the entire history of Ross and Rachel, from Ross’s point of view. The first clip is from The Pilot.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is complaining about Carol.

**Ross:** I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!

*(A woman enters wearing a wet wedding dress and frantically starts to look around.)*

**Chandler:** And I just want a million dollars! *(He extends his hand hopefully.)*

**Monica:** Rachel?!

**Rachel:** Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] said you might be here and you are, you are!


> [!scene] cut to later

**Monica:** Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High [[Friends-词汇总表#survivor\|survivor]]. *(To Rachel)* This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?

**Rachel:** Hi, sure!

**Ross:** Hi.

*(They go to hug but Ross' umbrella opens.  He sits, defeated again.)*


> [!scene] cut to later


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Rachel are finishing up some cookies.

**Ross:** You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on you.

**Rachel:** I knew.

**Ross:** You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#geeky\|geeky]] older brother.

**Rachel:** I did.

**Ross:** Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vulnerability\|vulnerability]] become any kind of a factor here—but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?

**Rachel:** Yeah, maybe...

**Ross:** Okay... okay, maybe I will...


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One With The Blackout.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Rachel are talking about passion.

**Ross:** See, I see.... big [[Friends-词汇总表#passion\|passion]] in your future.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Ross:** I do.

**Rachel:** Oh Ross, you're so great. [she [[Friends-词汇总表#playfully\|playfully]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rubs]] his head and gets up]


> [!scene] Ross gets up, pleased with himself and starts to walk past Joey.

**Joey:** It's never gonna happen.


> [!scene] cut to later


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's balcony, Ross is about to be attacked by Paulo's cat.

**Ross:** Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Ross:** Okay. Umm, for a while now, I've been wanting to, um....

**Rachel:** Ohhh!!!! [looking at something behind Ross]

**Ross:** Yes, yes, that's right...

**Rachel:** Oh, look at the little cat! [a small [[Friends-词汇总表#kitten\|kitten]] is on the [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]] behind Ross] Look at it!

**Ross:** What? [the cat jumps on his [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulders]]] Ow!


> [!scene] Cut to inside, Monica, Joey and Phoebe are singing while outside, Ross and Rachel are trying to get the cat off of Ross' shoulder.] Monica, Joey, and Phoebe: [singing] I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find...


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One With The East German Laundry Detergent.


> [!scene] Scene: The Laundromat, Rachel is fighting with that old, annoying woman for a cart.

**Rachel:** All right, listen, [[Friends-词汇总表#missy\|missy]]. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!

*(She thinks it over, and then walks away.)*

**Rachel:** *(to Ross)* Yes! Did you see that?

**Ross:** You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]].

**Rachel:** I could not have done this without you.

*(Rachel stands up and kisses Ross. He is stunned. A moment of silence follows.)*

**Ross:** Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the [[Friends-词汇总表#dryer\|dryer]]? *(Ross turns and bangs his head on an open dryer door.)* I'm fine, I'm fine.


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One Where Ross Finds Out


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, I'm sure you've guessed, it's the famous fight scene between Ross and Rachel.

**Ross:** You had no right to tell me you ever had [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for me.

**Rachel:** *(hurt)* What?

**Ross:** I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.

**Rachel:** Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?


> [!scene] cut to later

**Ross:** The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sailed]].


> [!scene] cut to later

**Rachel:** Alright, fine, you go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] and you do that, alright Ross.

**Ross:** Fine.

**Rachel:** 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.

**Ross:** Good.

**Rachel:** Good. *(Ross leaves)*


> [!scene] cut to later

*(Rachel slams the door and locks it. She sits down, visibly upset. She puts her head in her hands and begins to cry. Ross comes back and is standing outside the window. When Rachel regroups and gets back up to finish closing, she sees him.)*


> [!scene] cut to later

*(She opens the door and they kiss.)*


> [!scene] The next clip is the second famous fight in The One Where Ross and Rachel Take A Break.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Rachel are arguing.

**Rachel:** Ross do you [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] this is the first time in my life I’m doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I’m doing something that I’m actually good at. I mean. if you don’t get that...

**Ross:** No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I’m happy for ya, but I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don’t know what to do anymore.

**Rachel:** Well [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] do I!

**Ross:** Is this about Mark?

**Rachel:** *(shocked)* Oh my God.

**Ross:** Okay, it’s not, it’s not.

**Rachel:** Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you’re, you’re, you’re making this too hard.

**Ross:** Oh I’m, I’m making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.

**Rachel:** I don’t know, I don’t know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.

**Ross:** Okay, okay, fine, you’re right. Let’s ah, let’s take a break, *(goes to the door)* let’s cool off, okay, let’s get some [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|frozen]] yogart, or something.. *(opens the door)*

**Rachel:** No. *(Ross is standing in the doorway.)* A break from us.

*(Ross looks at her, then leaves slamming the door behind him.)*


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One The Morning After


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is hurrying Chloe out the door.

**Chloe:** Do I know why we’re [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rushing]]?

**Ross:** Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night?

*(He’s frantically throwing the cushions off of the couch looking for her other shoe) Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!*

**Chloe:** That’s so great for you guys!

**Ross:** Yeah!


> [!scene] cut to later

**Chloe:** Good luck, with your girlfriend.

**Ross:** Oh, thank you. *(She goes to kiss him, but he holds her coat up between their faces to stop her.)* Hey, hey. *(opens the door, sees Rachel, and hides Chloe behind the door)* Rachel!!!!

**Rachel:** Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.

**Ross:** Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.

**Rachel:** So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?

**Ross:** Yes, you can, very much.

*(Chloe gives Ross the thumbs up while still standing behind the door.)*

**Ross:** *(seeing the thumbs up)* Ahhhh!! *(Hugs Rachel tighter.)*


> [!scene] cut to later


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel has just found out about Chloe and is screaming at Ross.  The rest of the gang is trapped in Monica's bedroom.

**Rachel:** *(opening the door)* Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here!

**Ross:** No!!

**Rachel:** Just get out! Now!!

**Ross:** No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.

**Rachel:** Okay! All right! How was she?


> [!scene] Cut to Monica's bedroom

**Chandler:** Uh-oh.


> [!scene] Cut to Living Room

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** Was she good?


> [!scene] Cut to Monica's bedroom

**Joey:** Don’t answer that.


> [!scene] Cut to Living Room

**Rachel:** Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let’s talk about it!! How was she?

**Ross:** She was...


> [!scene] Cut to Monica's bedroom

**Joey:** Awful! Horrible!

**Chandler:** She was not good. Not good.

**Joey:** She was nothing compared to you.


> [!scene] Cut to Living Room

**Ross:** She, she was different.


> [!scene] Cut to Monica's bedroom

**Joey:** Ewwwww!

**Chandler:** Uh-oh.


> [!scene] Cut to Living Room

**Rachel:** Good different?

**Ross:** Nobody likes change.

*(Rachel picks up a newspaper and starts beating him with it.)*

**Ross:** What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One With The Jellyfish.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's bedroom, Rachel, entering selfish mode, is thanking Ross for wrongly taking the entire blame of the breakup; as if she had absolutely nothing to do with it.

**Rachel:** ...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?  I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, “Once a [[Friends-词汇总表#cheater\|cheater]], always a cheater.”  Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little [[Friends-词汇总表#perspective\|perspective]]...

**Ross:** WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!


> [!scene] Cut back to the present.


> [!scene] Scene: A mailbox, Ross is mailing the invitations.  He throws a bunch into the mailbox, but pauses with Rachel's.  And it starts another round of clips.


> [!scene] The One With The Fake Party


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway, Rachel is convincing Ross that Emily is good for him.

**Rachel:** You seem to really like her.

**Ross:** Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]].

**Rachel:** Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica’s photo albums, I mean you don’t do that if you’re just in it for two weeks.

**Ross:** You think?

**Rachel:** Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] with a 28-year-old [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] with a fat [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]].

**Ross:** Hey, you’re right.

**Rachel:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Cut back to the present, Ross is still looking at Rachel's invitation.  Finally, he makes up his mind and mails it.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey, Monica, and Phoebe are opening their invitations.

**Monica:** Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can’t believe my brother’s getting married! And in London! It’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]]!

**Joey:** *(taking apart the invitation)* Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You’re at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I got my [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]]."

**Phoebe:** Oooh look! Isn’t this [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]], Ross let Ben address mine!

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hello!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey! Hey, did you get your [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]] to Ross’s wedding?

**Chandler:** *(sarcastic)* Noo.

**Joey:** Don’t worry man, I get to bring a guest. We’ll show him.

**Phoebe:** I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] you’re all going! I can’t believe I never knew that you can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] in your third [[Friends-词汇总表#trimester\|trimester]]!

**Chandler:** I didn’t know that.

**Monica:** I never knew that either.

**Joey:** I knew that! *(They all look at him)* I sooo didn’t know that, but you should see your faces.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey guys! What’s up?

**Joey:** Heyyy. *(They all try and hide their invitations.)*

**Monica:** We’re hanging out.

*(Rachel starts going through her mail, and come across her invitation.)*

**Rachel:** What’s this? Is this Ross’s wedding [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]]?

**Chandler:** See, maybe that’s the one we should’ve actually [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hidden]].

**Rachel:** Oh, no! No you guys! Come on, you don’t have to do that! I’m happy for him! I am! I really—I’m-I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#happ\|happ]]—I’ll work on it.

**Monica:** I’m sorry honey.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Rach, you’re gonna come though [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you?

**Rachel:** Oh, honey, I don’t know. I…

**Chandler:** This isn’t one of those uh, y’know "If she doesn’t come, we-we don’t, we don’t come?" Right? Because I already bought my [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]]…

**Monica:** You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren’t there. Just say you’ll think about it, okay?

**Rachel:** No, I’ll think about it. Yeah.


> [!scene] And with that, we go into another set of clips, this time from Rachel’s point of view.


> [!scene] The first clip is from The One Where Rachel Finds Out.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, it's Rachel birthday party and Chandler is about to spill the beans.

**Rachel:** Who's this from?

**Chandler:** Oh, that's Ross's.

**Rachel:** Oh... *(opens it and sees it is a pin)* Oh my God. He remembered.

**Phoebe:** Remembered what?

**Rachel:** It was like months ago. We were walking by this [[Friends-词汇总表#antique\|antique]] store, and I saw this [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!

**Phoebe:** Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a [[Friends-词汇总表#fortune\|fortune]].

**Monica:** I can't believe he did this.

**Chandler:** Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] in love with Carol and bought her that [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculously\|ridiculously]] [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crystal\|crystal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]]?

*(Everyone looks at him. He realizes he just spilled the beans about Ross's crush on Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** What did you just say?

**Chandler:** *(stuttering incoherently)* F-[[Friends-词汇总表#hah\|hah]].... flennin....

**Rachel:** Oh.... my God.


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One With Ross's New Girlfriend.


> [!scene] Scene: The airport, Ross is about to walk off of the plane with Julie.

**Rachel:** *(seeing Ross come off the plane with another woman.)* Oh my God.


> [!scene] cut to later


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is introducing Julie to the gang.

**Julie:** Well, Ross and I were in [[Friends-词汇总表#grad\|grad]] school together.

**Ross:** But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]].

**Rachel:** Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-[[Friends-词汇总表#crotch\|crotch]], [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]]-on-your-[[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]]?


> [!scene] cut to later


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is trying to hang up on Julie.

**Ross:** Oh, that is so sweet.*(listens)* No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three.*(He doesn't hang up and motions for Rachel to be quiet.)* Well you didn't hang up either.

**Rachel:** She didn't hang up either...

**Ross:** Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y—*(Rachel grabs the phone and hangs it up for him.)*


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One Where Ross Finds Out.


> [!scene] Scene, A Restaurant, Rachel is on her date, drunk, and is leaving that answering machine message.

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat...*(cut)*...I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call [[Friends-词汇总表#closure\|closure]]. *(She hangs up and tosses phone in the ice bucket.)*


> [!scene] cut to later


> [!scene] Scene, Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Ross is checking his messages.

**Ross:** Rach, I got a message from you.

*(Rachel comes out of her room, suddenly she remembers leaving the message.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . *(She jumps the couch and lands on Ross's back, finally getting the phone from him. Ross has a confused expression on his face.)*

**Ross:** You're over me?

**Rachel:** Ohhhhhhhh God. *(climbs off his back)*

**Ross:** Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?

**Rachel:** Ohh, ohh.

**Ross:** When, when were you... under me?

**Rachel:** Well, [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]], [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]], I've uh, I've uh, sort of had [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for you.


> [!scene] cut to later in the same scene

**Ross:** OK, I need to lie down.


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One With The List.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross has just broken up with Julie and is about to get with Rachel.

**Joey:** He broke up with Julie. Well, go [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] her, for god's [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sakes]].

**Rachel:** Really?

**Ross:** Really. It's always been you, Rach.

**Rachel:** Oh, god.

*(Ross and Rachel hug.) Chandler and Joey: Ohhh.*


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One Where Ross and Rachel.... You Know.


> [!scene] Scene: The Auditorium, Ross and Rachel are about to... you know.

**Ross:** I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.

**Rachel:** Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight.

*(They kiss and start undressing. As Rachel tries to pull off Ross's tie she catches it in his mouth. Then they roll across the fur rug.)*

**Rachel:** Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.

**Ross:** What. Oh no, you just [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolled]] over the [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] box.


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One The Morning After.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is trying to prevent Gunther from spilling the beans.

**Ross:** Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn’t say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.

**Gunther:** I’m sorry. Was I not supposed to?

*(Ross turns around and sees Rachel sitting by the window. She is just glaring at him.)*


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One At The Beach.


> [!scene] Scene: The beachhouse, Ross and Rachel are argueing about the breakup.

**Ross:** Y'know, hey! You’re the one who ended it, remember?

**Rachel:** Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!

**Ross:** You still love me?

**Rachel:** Noo.


> [!scene] cut to later

**Ross:** What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?

**Rachel:** Noo! Maybe! I, I don’t know.

**Ross:** What?!

**Rachel:** I just, I feel, I-I just...

*(Ross leans in and kisses her. They both look at each other for a moment, and then embrace in a more passionate kiss.)*


> [!scene] The next clip is from The One With The Jellyfish.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Ross are finally breaking up for good, or is it?

**Rachel:** Y'know I can’t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!

**Ross:** *(starts to cry)* FINE BY ME!! *(he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)*


> [!scene] cut to later

**Rachel:** And hey! Just so you know, it’s not that common! It doesn’t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!

**Chandler:** I KNEW IT!!!!


> [!scene] cut back to the present.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is deciding on whether or not to go to the wedding.


> [!scene] cut to another clip, this one is from The One With The Prom Video


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is watching the Prom Video and Rachel is about to make her entrance on the video.  The italics are portions of the prom video.] Mrs. Geller: Rachel's coming up the path.  Doesn't she look pretty. Jack... (Rachel enters with a huge nose)

**Rachel:** Oh my God.

**Monica:** You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]].

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Ross:** You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.

**All:** Oh yeah we do. C'mon. Mrs. Geller: Get a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] of Monica. Where's Monica. Mr. Geller: Wait, how do you [[Friends-词汇总表#zoom\|zoom]] out? *(zooms out and we see an extremely overweight Monica eating a big sandwich)* There she is.

**Monica:** Shut up, the camera adds ten [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]].

**Chandler:** Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?


> [!scene] cut to later

**Monica:** Oh, dad, turn it off. Mr. Geller: It is off.  Right Ross? *(pans over to see Ross with an afro and moustache)*

**Joey:** Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.


> [!scene] cut to later

**Rachel:** I can't go to my own [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] without a date, I can't, it's too late.

**Monica:** If you're not going then I don't want to go either. Mrs. Geller: *(to Ross on the stairs)* I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]].


> [!scene] cut to later

**Ross:** Y'know what?  I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.

**All:** No, no, no.

**Ross:** OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright. Mr. Geller: C'mon kid, let's go. Mrs. Geller: Ahh, are you hadsome. Mr. Geller: Let's show 'em.

**Ross:** *(walks down the stairs and grabs the flowers out of the vase on the endtable)* Okay dad. Mr. Geller: *(going downstairs)* Rachel, ready or not, here comes your [[Friends-词汇总表#knight\|knight]] in [[Friends-词汇总表#shin\|shining]]—Oh no. *(Chip has shown up and the four are leaving.)* Rachel, Monica, Roy, and Chip: Bye. Mrs. Geller: Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]]. Jack, how do I turn this off?

**Monica:** *(to Ross)* I can't believe you did that.

**Ross:** Yeah, well.


> [!scene] Rachel, seeing what he did for her, gets up, walks across the room, and kisses Ross

**Phoebe:** See, he's her [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]].


> [!scene] Cut back to the present, Rachel has made her decision.

**Monica:** *(seeing the decision)* Nooooo. You’re really not going?

**Rachel:** Yeah. It’s just gonna be too hard. Y’know? I mean, it’s Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y’know it’s just, it’s for the best, y’know it is, it’s… Y’know, plus, somebody’s got to stay here with Phoebe! Y’know she’s gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into [[Friends-词汇总表#labour\|labour]].

**Monica:** You don’t have a car. And your license [[Friends-词汇总表#expire\|expired]].

**Rachel:** I know. *(Starts to cry)* Yeah, see, there’s so much to do and I have so little time to do it in.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe are reading a book about things to do whilst in London.

**Chandler:** All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there’s a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! *(Reading from the book.)* "It’s almost as good as being there."

**Joey:** It’s better! You can’t go to a museum in your [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]!

**Chandler:** Well, You could, but... probably just the one time.

**Joey:** I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to go outside!

**Chandler:** If we do that, we gotta get Die Hard.

**Joey:** Oh-ho! I bet the British version is gooooood!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 9 | 376 | 86 | *Oh yeah we do. C'mon. Mrs. Geller: Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica. Mr. Geller: Wait, how do yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 6 | 177 | 117 | *So you guys’ll stay here and hang out with me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 4 | 422 | 131 | *I know. Ross is getting married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 4 | 84 | 58 | *So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 3 | 92 | 55 | *Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *No-no, not something stupid, something huge.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *Oh, no-no, y’know I absolutely adore Rachel it’s just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *It's never gonna happen.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh!!!! [looking at something behind Ross]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *Oh, dad, turn it off. Mr. Geller: It is off.  Right Ross?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 2 | 115 | 71 | *I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer?  I'm fine, I'm fine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Juli* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I’m happy for ya, but I’m tired of having a rela* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you’re, you’re, you’r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Good luck, with your girlfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?  I mean my M* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?  I mean my M* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can’t believe my brother’s getting married! And in London! It’s so roman* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You’re at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Oooh look! Isn’t this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Don’t worry man, I get to bring a guest. We’ll show him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren’t there. Just say you’ll think about it, okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *OK, I need to lie down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *I’m sorry. Was I not supposed to?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *If you're not going then I don't want to go either. Mrs. Geller:  I have a wonderful idea. You shoul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright. Mr. Geller: C'mon kid, let's go. Mrs. Geller: Ahh, are * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Okay dad. Mr. Geller:  Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining—Oh no.  Rachel, Monic* |

### 常用词（64）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 3 | 25 | 18 | *We could climb Mt. Everest!* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 3 | 46 | 31 | *Noo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 2 | 51 | 39 | *Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he’s so cheap, he’d never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 2 | 76 | 44 | *You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *Y’know what? It seems like all of the sudden; so much has happened.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] | /ni:t/ | a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的 | s. clean or organized | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he’s so cheap, he’d never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *I don’t think I’d be comfortable with any of my old lovers there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *I don’t think I’d be comfortable with any of my old lovers there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] | /'ɒ:kwәd/ | a. 笨拙的, 棘手的 | s. causing inconvenience | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Oh, no-no, y’know I absolutely adore Rachel it’s just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Oh, no-no, y’know I absolutely adore Rachel it’s just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoever\|whoever]] | /hu'evә/ | pron. 任何人, 无论谁 | pron. Whatever person; any person who; be or she who; any one | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Huh? Yeah, fine, invite whoever you want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] | /'hæmә/ | n. 锤, 铁锤, 钉锤 | n. the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pul | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] | /in'tens/ | a. 非常的, 强烈的, 紧张的, 热情的 | a. possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Oh Ross, you're so great. [she playfully rubs his head and gets up]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]] | /ru:f/ | n. 屋顶, 室顶 | n. a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building | 1 | 18 | 12 | *Oh, look at the little cat! [a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross] Look at it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 1 | 15 | 11 | *What? [the cat jumps on his shoulders] Ow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 1 | 44 | 29 | *Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I’m doing something I actually care about. Thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I’m happy for ya, but I’m tired of having a rela* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Well neither do I!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freeze]] | /fri:z/ | vi. 冻结, 冷冻, 僵硬, 楞住 | n. the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Okay, okay, fine, you’re right. Let’s ah, let’s take a break,  let’s cool off, okay, let’s get some * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Do I know why we’re rushing?* |
| ahhhh |  | 啊（非正式） |  | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Ahhhh!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Awful! Horrible!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *Awful! Horrible!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] | /'hɔ:lwei/ | n. 门厅；玄关；走廊 | n. an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallw* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 1 | 42 | 29 | *Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can’t believe my brother’s getting married! And in London! It’s so roman* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can’t believe my brother’s getting married! And in London! It’s so roman* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You’re at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I g* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh look! Isn’t this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]] | /ә'dɒ:rәbl/ | a. 可崇拜的, 值得敬慕的, 可爱的 | s. lovable especially in a childlike or naive way | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Oooh look! Isn’t this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *I’m so jealous you’re all going! I can’t believe I never knew that you can’t fly in your third trime* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 1 | 33 | 27 | *I knew that!  I sooo didn’t know that, but you should see your faces.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *See, maybe that’s the one we should’ve actually hidden.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *Rach, you’re gonna come though aren’t you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] | /pin/ | n. 大头针, 针, 别针, 栓, 销子, 图钉, 插头, 管脚, 品(液量单位) | n. a piece of jewelry that is pinned onto the wearer's garment | 1 | 19 | 12 | *It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridicul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridicul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 1 | 63 | 32 | *Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridicul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] | /dig/ | vt. 挖, 翻土, 发掘 | n. the site of an archeological exploration | 1 | 17 | 15 | *But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] | /fæn'tæstik/ | a. 奇妙的, 稀奇的, 空想的 | s. extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 23 | 21 | *Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 1 | 43 | 30 | *Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *Well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sake\|sake]] | /seik/ | n. 目的, 缘故, 理由 | n. a reason for wanting something done | 1 | 16 | 14 | *He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 1 | 44 | 22 | *What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]] |  | na. 一瞥；短暂的访问；走马看花；(在比赛中)获胜的希望 |  | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Okay dad. Mr. Geller:  Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining—Oh no.  Rachel, Monic* |
| nooooo |  | [网络] 是我自作多情；天哪；脑无 |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Nooooo. You’re really not going?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Yeah. It’s just gonna be too hard. Y’know? I mean, it’s Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y’kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *It’s better! You can’t go to a museum in your underwear!* |

### 低频词（44）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everest\|everest]] | /'evәrist/ | n. 珠穆朗玛峰, 顶峰 | n. a mountain in the central Himalayas on the border of Tibet and Nepal; the hig | 6 | 7 | 2 | *We could climb Mt. Everest!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]] | /.invi'teiʃәn/ | n. 邀请, 请柬, 引诱 | n. a request (spoken or written) to participate or be present or take part in so | 3 | 18 | 9 | *Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You’re at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] | /prɔm/ | n. (英)音乐会, (美)舞会, 散步道 | n a formal ball held for a school class toward the end of the academic year | 3 | 16 | 8 | *You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steep\|steep]] | /sti:p/ | n. 浸渍, 悬崖 | n. a steep place (as on a hill) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Why not?! I mean it’s just, it’s just climbing! It’s just, it’s just steep!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buts\|buts]] | /bʌts/ | n. 借口( but的复数形式 ) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *But I’ll tell you something. One of these days we’re get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!* |
| nathan | /'neiθәn/ | n. 南森（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adore\|adore]] | /ә'dɒ:/ | vt. 崇拜, 爱慕, 喜爱 | v. love intensely | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, no-no, y’know I absolutely adore Rachel it’s just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earl\|earl]] | /ә:l/ | n. 伯爵 | n. a British peer ranking below a marquess and above a viscount | 1 | 10 | 3 | *Earl Grey?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grey\|grey]] | /grei/ | n. 灰色 | n. United States writer of western adventure novels (1875-1939) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Earl Grey?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lincoln\|lincoln]] | /'liŋkәn/ | n. 林肯 | n. 16th President of the United States; saved the Union during the American Civi | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.  This is everybody, this is Chandler* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survivor\|survivor]] | /sә'vaivә/ | n. 生还者, 幸存者 | n. one who lives through affliction | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.  This is everybody, this is Chandler* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geeky\|geeky]] | /'ɡiːkɪ/ | a. <俚>令人讨厌的 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vulnerability\|vulnerability]] | /.vʌlnәrә'biliti/ | n. 易受伤, 易受责难, 易受伤部位 | n. the state of being vulnerable or exposed | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passion\|passion]] | /'pæʃәn/ | n. 激情, 酷爱, 热爱, 强烈感情, 耶稣受难(故事) | n. a strong feeling or emotion | 1 | 10 | 7 | *See, I see.... big passion in your future.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#playfully\|playfully]] |  | adv. 开玩笑地；好游玩地 | r. in a playful manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh Ross, you're so great. [she playfully rubs his head and gets up]* |
| ment | /'mənt/ | abbr. mention 提到 | p. p. of Menge | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kitten\|kitten]] | /'kitn/ | n. 小猫, 淘气姑娘 | n. young domestic cat | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, look at the little cat! [a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross] Look at it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#missy\|missy]] | /'misi/ | n. 少女, 姑娘, 小姐 | n a young woman | 1 | 14 | 8 | *All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dryer\|dryer]] | /'draiә/ | n. 干衣机, 干燥剂 | n. an appliance that removes moisture | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer?  I'm fine, I'm fine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]] | /seil/ | n. 帆, 篷, 帆船, 航程, 帆状物 | n. a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is use | 1 | 10 | 5 | *The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheater\|cheater]] | /'tʃi:tә/ | n. 骗子, 诈手 | n someone who leads you to believe something that is not true | 1 | 5 | 4 | *...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?  I mean my M* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perspective\|perspective]] | /pә'spektiv/ | n. 远景, 透视感, (观察问题的)视角, 透视法, 看法, 透视图 | n. the appearance of things relative to one another as determined by their dista | 1 | 6 | 6 | *...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?  I mean my M* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] | /'tʃiәli:dә/ | n. 啦啦队长 | n. an enthusiastic and vocal supporter | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handkerchief\|handkerchief]] | /'hæŋkәtʃif/ | n. 手帕, 头巾, 围巾 | n. a square piece of cloth used for wiping the eyes or nose or as a costume acce | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You’re at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trimester\|trimester]] | /trai'mestә/ | n. 三个月, 一学期 | n. a period of three months; especially one of the three three-month periods int | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m so jealous you’re all going! I can’t believe I never knew that you can’t fly in your third trime* |
| heyyy |  | [网络] 它慢 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Heyyy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happ\|happ]] |  | n. (Happ)人名；(德、英、瑞典)哈普 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, no! No you guys! Come on, you don’t have to do that! I’m happy for him! I am! I really—I’m-I’m h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#antique\|antique]] | /æn'ti:k/ | n. 古董, 古物 | n. any piece of furniture or decorative object or the like produced in a former  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fortune\|fortune]] | /'fɒ:tʃәn/ | n. 财富, 运气, 兴隆, 大量财产, 好运, 命运 | n. a large amount of wealth or prosperity | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculously\|ridiculously]] |  | adv. 可笑, 滑稽, 荒谬 | r so as to arouse or deserve laughter | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridicul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crystal\|crystal]] | /'kristl/ | n. 水晶, 水晶装饰品, 结晶 | n. a solid formed by the solidification of a chemical and having a highly regula | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridicul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grad\|grad]] | /ɡræd/ | n. 毕业生；校友 | n. one-hundredth of a right angle | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closure\|closure]] | /'klәuʒә/ | n. 关闭 | n. a rule for limiting or ending debate in a deliberative body | 1 | 7 | 2 | *Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#xerox\|xerox]] | /'ziәrɒks/ | v. 静电复印 | n. a copy made by a xerographic printer | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn’t say anything to Rachel about me and the girl fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zoom\|zoom]] | /zu:m/ | n. 急速上升, 变焦摄影, 嗡嗡声 | v. move along very quickly | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh yeah we do. C'mon. Mrs. Geller: Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica. Mr. Geller: Wait, how do yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cotter\|cotter]] | /'kɔtә(r)/ | n. 佃农, 茅屋小农, 雇农, 开尾销, 销, 制销 | n. a peasant farmer in the Scottish Highlands | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knight\|knight]] | /nait/ | n. 骑士, 爵士 | n. originally a person of noble birth trained to arms and chivalry; today in Gre | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Okay dad. Mr. Geller:  Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining—Oh no.  Rachel, Monic* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shin\|shin]] | /ʃin/ | n. 胫骨 | n. the front part of the human leg between the knee and the ankle | 1 | 11 | 5 | *Okay dad. Mr. Geller:  Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining—Oh no.  Rachel, Monic* |
| roy | /rɔi/ | n. 罗伊（男子名） | n. A king. | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Okay dad. Mr. Geller:  Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining—Oh no.  Rachel, Monic* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lobster\|lobster]] | /'lɒbstә/ | n. 龙虾 | n. flesh of a lobster | 1 | 18 | 8 | *See, he's her lobster.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#labour\|labour]] | /'leibә/ | n. 劳动, 努力, 工作, 劳工, 分娩 | n a social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah. It’s just gonna be too hard. Y’know? I mean, it’s Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y’kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expire\|expire]] | /ik'spaiә/ | vi. 期满, 呼气, 断气 | v lose validity | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You don’t have a car. And your license expired.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vcr\|vcr]] |  | [化] 长春新碱 | n a magnetic tape recorder for recording (and playing back) TV programs | 1 | 8 | 7 | *I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to g* |
| gooooood |  | [网络] 熟女好不用调教 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh-ho! I bet the British version is gooooood!* |
