---
season: 4
episode: "15"
title: "The One With All The Rugby"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E15 — The One With All The Rugby

*Teleplay by: Wil Calhoun*

*Story by: Andrew Reich and Ted Cohen*


> [!scene] Scene: A beauty parlour, Rachel is getting a manicure while Chandler, yes Chandler, is getting a petticure (Does that scare you that I know those terms?  Well, it scares me.).

**Chandler:** Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nails]] done!  And you said it was gonna be fun! *(pause)* Which it kinda is.  Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!

**Rachel:** Chandler, there’s a guy right over there. *(Points to the counter)*

**Chandler:** That’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#mailman\|mailman]]! That’s our mailman! *(Waves to the mailman)* *(Sarcastic)* Hi. How are ya?

**Rachel:** Chandler, don’t worry! This doesn’t make you any less of a guy! *(Chandler starts blowing on his fingernails like women do.)* That does!

*(Chandler stops blowing.) What am I sitting on? (She looks and finds a huge nail.) I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.*

**Chandler:** Hey, you know who used to have [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nails]] like that?

**Rachel:** Hmm.

**Woman:** OH…MY…GAWD!! *(Yep, you guessed it. It’s Janice.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Joey are standing at the counter. Monica is flipping a light switch on and off next to the door.

**Monica:** Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do?

**Joey:** Ohh, Nothing.

**Monica:** Didn’t it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did?

**Joey:** I know what it did! Nothing.

**Monica:** They wouldn’t have put it there if it didn’t do something! How can you not care?

**Joey:** Like this. *(Shrugs)*

**Rachel:** Well, here’s another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver [[Friends-词汇总表#knob\|knob]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] does?

**Joey:** Sure! It [[Friends-词汇总表#flush\|flushes]] it.

**Rachel:** Okay, good. Now that since you know, when you come over would you mind actually using it?

**Chandler:** *(entering, with Janice in tow)* Hello!

**Joey:** Hey! *(Sees Janice.)* Ah!! *(Janice screams in surprise.)*

**Rachel:** Guess who we ran into today?!

**Monica:** Janice?!

**Chandler:** Isn’t this amazing?

**Monica:** How have you been?

**Janice:** Oh well, I’m divorced.

**Phoebe:** Ohhh, wow.

**Janice:** Yeah, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|riding]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#alimony\|alimony]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pony\|pony]]. *(Does the now famous laugh.)*

**Joey:** And there it is.

**Janice:** I just came up to say, "Hi!" Hi! *(to Chandler)* And you, sweetie, I’ll see you tonight.

**Chandler:** Okay. Bye.

**Janice:** Bye.

**Chandler:** Bye.

**Janice:** Bye.

**Chandler:** Bye.

**Janice:** Bye.

**Chandler:** B-bye!

**Janice:** Bye-bye.

**Chandler:** Bye. *(Finally closes the door on her.)* *(After it’s closed)* I can’t stand the woman! *(Phoebe is shocked, Joey is relieved.)*

**Phoebe:** What?! I thought you were crazy about her!

**Chandler:** Yeah, I know, but all of those little [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]] things she did before we [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her [[Friends-词汇总表#personality\|personality]]—Well, they’re all back! Y’know? And she’s picked up like [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] new ones!

**Joey:** So what are you doing bringing her here?! There’s people here!

**Chandler:** Don’t worry about it. I’m taking care of it tonight.

*(Chandler opens the fridge and grabs something to drink.)*

**Rachel:** You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.

**Chandler:** *(standing in the door of the fridge)* Well, I don’t have to break up with her this time. We’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]]! I’m going to do a pre-emptive [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|strike]]! I’m going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|frozen]]! *(Closes the fridge.)*

**Joey:** Yeah, try sticking it in the [[Friends-词汇总表#freezer\|freezer]] for 20 minutes. *(They all look around and then back at Joey.)* I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]]’ ya!


> [!scene] Scene: A street, Ross and Emily are walking home from a date.

**Emily:** I can’t believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.

**Ross:** No, it’s really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] safe.

*(At that moment two very large men start screaming and running towards Emily and picking her up.)*

**Ross:** Help! Help!! Help! Help!!

**Emily:** No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home. *(Introducing them)* Liam, Devon, this is Ross.

**Devon:** Hey, [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]].

**Liam:** How are ya man?

**Ross:** Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? *(Imitating himself)* Help! Help!

**Emily:** So how are you? I’ve been meaning to ring you ever since I [[Friends-词汇总表#arrive\|arrived]] but umm, well, I’ve been rather [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]].

**Devon:** Do you [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]]?

**Emily:** Oh my God. I think you’re right.

**Liam:** *(puts his arm around her)* Well, actually the last time you and I saw each other was that morning.

**Emily:** Oh, Liam. *(Ross laughs and takes her back.)*

**Ross:** Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] or something—or should I call it *(In an English accent)* football?

**Devon:** We were playing [[Friends-词汇总表#rugby\|rugby]].

**Liam:** In fact we’re playing a game at the park tomorrow. You’re welcome to play too if you want.

**Emily:** *(laughs)* Ross play [[Friends-词汇总表#rugby\|rugby]]? I don’t think so.

**Ross:** What’s ah, what’s so funny about that?

**Emily:** Well I mean, you’re American to start with. You don’t even have [[Friends-词汇总表#rugby\|rugby]] here.

**Ross:** Well, we didn’t have freedom here until 1776, either so…

**Devon:** So good then! We’ll see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!

**Liam:** Cheers!

**Ross:** Cheers!

*(Liam and Devon both take a swig of their beers, while Ross takes a swig of his coffee. The Brits both crush their cans, and not to be out done, Ross crushes his coffee cup, spilling its contents.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is attempting his pre-emptive strike.

**Janice:** Oh boy, I just love to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]]!

**Chandler:** Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complaining]] though, was that they paid to hear the actor [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] Old Man River.

**Janice:** Oh, look at us! Who would’ve thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails. *(Does the laugh)*

**Chandler:** *(laughs)* Okay, we have to talk. I’m just getting out of a very serious relationship…

**Janice:** I know! And I’m just getting out of a [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]], I mean talk about meant to be!

**Chandler:** Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.

**Janice:** Oh, too soon, too schmoon. Face it honey, I am not letting you get away this time.

**Chandler:** I hear ya. *(Pause)* But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me [[Friends-词汇总表#overseas\|overseas]]!

**Janice:** Oh no! Where to? *(Gasps)* Too Paris?

**Chandler:** No! No! Not, Paris.

**Janice:** Too London? No-no, Rome? Vienna? Ooh-ooh, Barcelona?

**Chandler:** Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? *(Thinks)* Yemen. That’s right, yes, I’m being transferred to Yemen!

**Janice:** When?

**Chandler:** I don’t know exactly.

**Janice:** Ugh, well I will just have to [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soak]] up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.

**Chandler:** But I do know that it’s some time tomorrow.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Monica are plugging in a bunch of electronics.

**Monica:** Done?

**Phoebe:** Yep!

**Rachel:** *(entering, with Joey)* Hey!

**Joey:** Hey! What’s up?

**Monica:** This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every [[Friends-词汇总表#outlet\|outlet]]. Now, four of them don’t work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I [[Friends-词汇总表#plug\|plugged]] in things in all four of the outlets that-that make [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]], so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.

**Joey:** *(to Rachel)* I bet I stopped listening before you did.

**Rachel:** Y’know, you-you also could’ve used uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamps]] and then followed the light.

**Monica:** Yeah, well, I’m using [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]]. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. *(She flips on the switch and a hum starts.)* I hear something! I hear something! Where is it? *(They all start looking until Rachel realises it’s Joey.)*

**Rachel:** It’s coming from Joey!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, that’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#freaky\|freaky]]! Turn him off!!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross, Joey, and Rachel are watching rugby on TV as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|raining]].

**Ross:** Oh, just hold on a second. I’m watching this [[Friends-词汇总表#rugby\|rugby]] thing on ESPN. I don’t know what the big deal is. I’m man enough to play this sport.

**Joey:** Dude, you’re not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport.

**Janice:** *(entering)* Hey there Ross!

**Ross:** *(shocked)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** *(whispering to Ross)* Janice.

**Chandler:** Y’know uh, you didn’t really have to help me pack.

**Janice:** Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and the time you leave is packing, you didn’t really leave me much choice. Did you?

**Chandler:** Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!

**Joey:** Hey-hey, what’s going on?

**Chandler:** Oh, I’m packing. Y’know I’m-I’m packing ‘cause I’m moving to Yemen tomorrow.

**Joey:** Thanks for telling me!

*(Janice runs into the bedroom.)*

**Chandler:** I’m only going to [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] I’m moving to Yemen, it’s the only way I can get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] off her.

**Joey:** Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.

**Janice:** *(leaning in from the bedroom)* Chandler! Come on, I’m gonna show how to [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] up your [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] and stuff it in your [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]. It’s a real space [[Friends-词汇总表#saver\|saver]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I know, I do that ‘cause it makes me look [[Friends-词汇总表#taller\|taller]].

**Janice:** Okay, Chandler, come on!

**Chandler:** *(to Janice)* Okay. *(to Joey)* Joey, trade lives with me!

**Joey:** Nope. *(To Ross)* Man look at this! Ross, I can’t believe you said you’d play [[Friends-词汇总表#rugby\|rugby]]. I mean look how [[Friends-词汇总表#brutal\|brutal]] this is!

**Ross:** Hey, I can handle it! All right?

**Rachel:** Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing [[Friends-词汇总表#badminton\|badminton]] with my dad.

**Ross:** That’s ‘cause-‘cause you’re mom’s dog kept-kept looking at me.

**Joey:** *(pointing to the TV)* Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That’s called a [[Friends-词汇总表#scrum\|scrum]], okay? It’s kinda like a [[Friends-词汇总表#huddle\|huddle]].

**Ross:** And is a [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]], kinda like a scruddle?

**Joey:** Ross! *(Laughs)* They’re gonna kill you!

**Phoebe:** Well, why are you doing this anyway?

**Ross:** Well, you should’ve seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he’s like Joe Rugby.

**Phoebe:** You’re kidding! And he plays [[Friends-词汇总表#rugby\|rugby]]?! That’s so funny.

*(Realises) Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.*

**Ross:** Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing [[Friends-词汇总表#rugby\|rugby]] with him was like [[Friends-词汇总表#hilarious\|hilarious]]. So I’m gonna show her how [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] I really am!

**Rachel:** *(starts laughing, Ross stares at her)* I’m sorry. I’m sorry. You’re right, you are a [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] guy. You’re the [[Friends-词汇总表#toughest\|toughest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#palaeontologist\|palaeontologist]] I know.

**Joey:** All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It’s not like he’s…Chandler!

**Chandler:** *(from his bedroom)* Thanks!

**Ross:** Look, don’t worry about me. Okay? I’ll just stay real [[Friends-词汇总表#energetic\|energetic]] and stay away from the ball. I’ll uh, I’ll be that guy right out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]].

*(He points to a player who starts running and then gets viscously tackled from behind.)*

**All:** Oh!

**Rachel:** Oh, well maybe there was a dog [[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]]’ at him.

*(Ross turns and wants to attack Rachel, but Joey stops him.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The park, everyone is warming up for the rugby game. Only Joey and Phoebe came to support Ross.

**Joey:** Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy *(Points)*, and that guy

*(Points). And that one—Dude! They’re all huge!*

**Ross:** They don’t look any [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] than me!

**Joey:** Well, maybe that’s because you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] to you. So you look [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] to you from where you are.

**Emily:** I’m just going to say hi to the [[Friends-词汇总表#lad\|lads]]. All right?

**Ross:** All right.

**Emily:** Okay. *(Goes to say hi to the lads.)*

*(A player comes over and picks up a ball in front of Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** *(to the player)* Hi.

*(The player stands up and smiles. Showing that he has no front teeth.)*

**Phoebe:** Whoa! *(The player leaves and to Joey)* I kinda liked it.

*(The referee blows the whistle and the players gather to start the game.)*

**Ross:** Okay, I know what I have to do. I’ve got to go Red Ross. *(Joey and Phoebe don’t know what he’s talking about.)* Y’know, Red Ross!

**Joey:** I totally don’t know what you’re talking about.

**Ross:** Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!!

**Joey:** No.

**Ross:** You’ll see.


> [!scene] Cut to Emily, Devon, and Liam

**Emily:** Liam, do me a [[Friends-词汇总表#favour\|favour]]. Tell the [[Friends-词汇总表#lad\|lads]] to go easy on Ross, it’s his first time.

**Liam:** You don’t say! *(We see Ross who is hopping about with the ball and spikes it in his face.)*

**Emily:** *(to Ross)* Good luck, [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]].

*(The scrum forms and the game is underway.)*

**Liam:** Ross! Ross! Come on! Get in here! *(Ross gets pumped up.)* Ross! Come on!

*(Ross walks over to the scrum, walks around a bit looking for a way to get into the scrum.)*

**Liam:** Ross, come on! Get in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] [[Friends-词汇总表#scrum\|scrum]]! Ross, get in!

*(Ross, urged on by his team-mates, jumps on top of the scrum and falls headfirst into the middle, leaving his feet sticking straight up.)*

**Ross:** JOEY!!!!!!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel’s, Monica is going over some plans as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** You…are…not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?

**Monica:** He asked you out?!

**Rachel:** No. But I was showing him some [[Friends-词汇总表#cufflink\|cufflinks]] and I felt his [[Friends-词汇总表#pulse\|pulse]].

**Monica:** Saucy!

**Rachel:** *(refers to the table)* What are these?

**Monica:** Electrical plans for the building.

**Rachel:** Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?

**Monica:** I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.

**Rachel:** Wow! If only more people knew.


> [!scene] Scene: The airport, the Yemen Express counter, Chandler is still trying to get rid of Janice.

**Chandler:** Y’know you, really didn’t have to take me to the airport.

**Janice:** Oh please. Every moment is [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]]. Y’know? Besides, somebody had to [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] in that other [[Friends-词汇总表#taxi\|taxi]] with the rest of your [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]], and your friends don’t really seem to care too much that you’re leaving.

**Chandler:** Well, we’re really not that close. *(Pause)* Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.

**Janice:** On no! No! It’s not good-bye, I’m not leaving until you get on that [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]].

**Chandler:** Okay. Then I guess it’s just, wait here then. *(Hands her the sign that says, Wait Here.")* *(To the ticket agent)* Hi. I need one [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] to Yemen.

**Ticket Counter Attendant:** One ticket to Yemen?

**Chandler:** Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]].

**Ticket Counter Attendant:** I’m sorry sir, I don’t understand.

**Chandler:** What would you give to a kid if he wanted a [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] to play with?

**Ticket Counter Attendant:** Are you travelling with a child?

**Chandler:** No. All right, y’know what, she’s *(Points to Janice)* gonna think that I’m handing you a credit card, but what I’m really gonna do is hand you a library card.

**Ticket Counter Attendant:** Ah, sir a ticket to Yemen is $2,100 and we don’t take library cards.

**Janice:** What’s the matter? Is something wrong? Do you have to stay?

**Chandler:** *(to the ticket agent)* American Express?


> [!scene] Scene: The rugby game, Ross is getting killed.

**Emily:** I can’t believe they’re doing that to him! I told them to go easy on him!

**Phoebe:** No [[Friends-词汇总表#offence\|offence]] but, y’know sometimes it’s hard to understand you, y’know with the [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]], so…

*(The whistle blows.)*

**Emily:** That’s just [[Friends-词汇总表#halftime\|halftime]], there’s more of this.

*(Ross limps over all covered in mud.)*

**Ross:** Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game!

**Emily:** Right.

**Ross:** *(to Emily)* Hey, could you do me a [[Friends-词汇总表#favour\|favour]]? Could you just grab me a [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of water?

**Emily:** Okay.

**Ross:** Thanks. *(When she’s gone he collapses into Joey.)* I-I think I’m dying. I really do.

**Phoebe:** Oh, poor baby.

**Ross:** *(to Phoebe)* Tell my son that I love him. *(Emily returns with the water.)* Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!

**Emily:** Ross, they are killing you out there!

**Ross:** *(whines "No.")* That’s not true!

**Phoebe:** She’s right! You have to stop!

**Ross:** What? No! No, I’m not stopping. I’m Red Ross!

**Joey:** Dude, if you go back out there, you’re gonna be Dead Ross!

**Ross:** I don’t care! I am not [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quitting]]! I [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] on finishing this game!

**Emily:** All right, all right, if you [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] on doing this, at least let me help you.

**Ross:** No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.

**Emily:** No. That’s not what I’m saying. I just may know a few things that might help you [[Friends-词汇总表#inflict\|inflict]] some pain.

**Ross:** I like that.

**Emily:** Yeah? Listen [[Friends-词汇总表#closely\|closely]], Devon has got a [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]].

**Ross:** Huh?

**Emily:** One [[Friends-词汇总表#swift\|swift]] kick and he’ll back off.

**Ross:** All right, bad [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]], got it!

**Emily:** And that big [[Friends-词汇总表#bloke\|bloke]] with the [[Friends-词汇总表#beard\|beard]], he has got a [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]]. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn’t wear a cup.

**Ross:** Yeah? I can use that, [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]], no cup, okay! Okay!

**Emily:** And uh, Liam, Liam’s got bad [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knees]]. You hit him right and he’ll go down like a [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]].

**Ross:** But-but, Liam’s on my team.

**Emily:** I don’t care! You just get him!

**Ross:** I’m gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in! *(Squeals like a madman.)*

**Joey:** The Red Ross! Okay.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel’s, Monica is reading a book as Rachel returns.

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hi!

**Rachel:** *(noticing a bunch of pictures around the door that weren’t there originally.)* What-what are-what are these?

**Monica:** Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they’d [[Friends-词汇总表#brighten\|brighten]] up the place. They do don’t you think?

*(Rachel rips one of the wall and finds a huge hole underneath.)*

**Monica:** No-no-no, no!

*(Rachel rips off another one, revealing another hole. Rachel then moves onto a third one, but this one doesn’t have a hole underneath it.)*

**Monica:** I know that there’s no [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] there, I just really liked that picture.

*(Rachel looks at it and then throws it away. She then removes a fourth one, revealing a third hole.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my God! Look at this!

**Monica:** Okay, but there is a [[Friends-词汇总表#wire\|wire]] back there! I mean that switch is connected to something!

**Rachel:** I don’t care! The [[Friends-词汇总表#wire\|wires]] have come [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] in your head!

**Monica:** I just thought that if I could follow the [[Friends-词汇总表#wire\|wire]] I could find out what it did.

**Rachel:** And did you?!

**Monica:** No. It [[Friends-词汇总表#disappear\|disappears]] back there behind that [[Friends-词汇总表#baseboard\|baseboard]]. For a minute there, I thought it went [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]].

*(Rachel removes a paper on the floor which is covering a hole and gasps.)*

**Monica:** But it didn’t. Say hello to Mrs. Chatracus.

**Rachel:** Oh my God. Mrs. Chatracus: Hello [[Friends-词汇总表#darling\|darling]].

**Rachel:** Hello, Mrs. Chatracus.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, They are returning from the rugby game, Joey and Emily are carrying Ross.

**Phoebe:** Now, are you sure you don’t want to go see a doctor?

**Ross:** Oh no! That-that’ll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y’know what? I’m buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]], it’s in my pocket.

**Joey:** Yeah, sure.

**Ross:** No, not you. *(Emily gets it.)*

**Joey:** Uhh, look, your eye’s still popping out a little, I’m gonna go get some ice.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, ice! I am so in the [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] for ice! *(They go and get the coffee and the ice leaving Ross and Emily alone.)*

**Emily:** You were amazing out there.

**Ross:** Oh, I kinda was, wasn’t I?

**Emily:** Oh my God!

**Ross:** I made a man [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] my size cry. I mean, I haven’t done that since I was four and I [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|washed]] my dad’s Porsche with rocks.

**Emily:** You really enjoyed yourself didn’t you?

**Ross:** Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]]—I mean I-I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of it but, I really am. And it’s all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.

**Emily:** I think you’ve got [[Friends-词汇总表#concussion\|concussion]].

**Ross:** No, no, I’m serious. Thank you.

**Emily:** You’re welcome. *(She hugs him tightly and he winces.)* I’m sorry. Did I hurt you?

**Ross:** It’s worth the pain. *(She goes to hug him again.)* Y’know what, you know what? It’s not.


> [!scene] Scene: The airport, the flight to Yemen is being called.

**Ticket Counter Attendant:** *(on the P.A.)* This is the final boarding call for Flight 664 to Yemen.

**Chandler:** Well, I-I guess I gotta go.

**Janice:** Oh, my Bing-a-ling. I’ll wait for you. Do you even know how long you’re going to be gone?

**Chandler:** Well, just until we find an energy source to [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] fuel.

**Janice:** Oh. Well, I’ll right you [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]]. *(Reading the address)* 15 Yemen Road, Yemen.

**Chandler:** Okay, good-bye. Good-bye.

*(He gives the agent his ticket and walks onto the jetway. Janice walks over and looks out the window. Chandler walks back into the terminal and tries to walk right past Janice, but she sees him.)*

**Janice:** Chandler?

**Chandler:** No!

**Janice:** Chandler!

**Chandler:** Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]]!

**Janice:** No! No! I wanna see you take-off.

**Chandler:** Well, I then guess I’m going to Yemen! I’m going to Yemen!

*(To this old woman also going to Yemen.) When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel’s, Monica has finally given up on her search to find what the light switch does and is now flicking it on and off aimlessly.

**Monica:** All right. The super couldn’t figure out what it did. A $200 an hour [[Friends-词汇总表#electrician\|electrician]] couldn’t figure out what it did. I’ve had seven pretty serious [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shocks]]. I [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] give up.

**Rachel:** Thank God.

**Monica:** I guess Joey was right, it does nothing.


> [!scene] Cut to Chandler and Joey’s, Joey and Phoebe are watching TV. The TV is turning off and on, and each time Phoebe is blinking her eyes like the Genie did. The switch obviously controls the outlet which the TV is plugged into.

**Phoebe:** See? I’m doing it. I am totally doing it. *(Suddenly it stops working.)* I lost it.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（33）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 8 | 442 | 191 | *Guess who we ran into today?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 7 | 281 | 110 | *Okay. Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 3 | 169 | 121 | *Chandler, don’t worry! This doesn’t make you any less of a guy!  That does!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *Didn’t it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 3 | 162 | 106 | *Isn’t this amazing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 3 | 130 | 89 | *Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 3 | 86 | 66 | *Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Well, here’s another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Well, why are you doing this anyway?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *You’re kidding! And he plays rugby?! That’s so funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *I totally don’t know what you’re talking about.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Oh well, I’m divorced.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh, wow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes.  I’m tellin’ ya!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home.  Liam, Devon, this is Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *I don’t know exactly.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I bet I stopped listening before you did.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *That’s ‘cause-‘cause you’re mom’s dog kept-kept looking at me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Ross!  They’re gonna kill you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Good luck, babe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *I don’t care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *One swift kick and he’ll back off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I hea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they’d brighten up the place. They do don’t you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven’t done that since I was four and I washed my dad’s P* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose—I mean I-I’m not proud * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you w* |

### 常用词（57）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] | /neil/ | n. 钉子, 指甲 | n. horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits | 3 | 14 | 11 | *Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done!  And you said it was gonna be fun!  Which it kind* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 3 | 29 | 23 | *So good then! We’ll see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 3 | 40 | 26 | *This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 3 | 30 | 18 | *Okay. Then I guess it’s just, wait here then.   Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 2 | 75 | 45 | *Oh boy, I just love to sing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 2 | 53 | 46 | *I’m only going to pretend I’m moving to Yemen, it’s the only way I can get rid off her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 2 | 56 | 47 | *Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I’m gonna show* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 2 | 49 | 32 | *They don’t look any bigger than me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 2 | 67 | 27 | *On no! No! It’s not good-bye, I’m not leaving until you get on that plane.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] | /in'sist/ | v. 坚持, 坚决主张, 强调 | v. be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge | 2 | 12 | 10 | *I don’t care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]] | /'æŋkl/ | n. 踝 | n. a gliding joint between the distal ends of the tibia and fibula and the proxi | 2 | 18 | 11 | *Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 2 | 25 | 19 | *And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I hea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Well, here’s another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Yeah, I’m riding the alimony pony.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 1 | 32 | 24 | *Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|strike]] | /straik/ | n. 罢工, 打击, 殴打 | n. a group's refusal to work in protest against low pay or bad work conditions | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Well, I don’t have to break up with her this time. We’re not involved! I’m going to do a pre-emptive* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freeze]] | /fri:z/ | vi. 冻结, 冷冻, 僵硬, 楞住 | n. the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Well, I don’t have to break up with her this time. We’re not involved! I’m going to do a pre-emptive* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]] | /'telin/ | 樱蛤 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes.  I’m tellin’ ya!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] | /'pә:fiktli/ | adv. 完全地, 无瑕疵地, 完整地 | r. in a perfect or faultless way | 1 | 20 | 16 | *No, it’s really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *So how are you? I’ve been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I’ve been rather b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 1 | 44 | 29 | *Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complain]] | /kәm'plein/ | v. 抱怨, 抗议, 控诉 | v. express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *I know! And I’m just getting out of a marriage, I mean talk about meant to be!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]] | /ʌn'fɔ:tjjnәtli/ | adv. 恐怕, 不幸的是 | r. by bad luck | 1 | 14 | 14 | *I hear ya.  But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 1 | 23 | 13 | *Y’know, you-you also could’ve used uh, lamps and then followed the light.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Chandler! Come on, I’m gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It’s a r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *Chandler! Come on, I’m gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It’s a r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] | /'sә:kl/ | n. 圆周, 社交圈, 循环, 范围 | n. ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Look, don’t worry about me. Okay? I’ll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I’ll uh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]] |  | na. 一瞥；短暂的访问；走马看花；(在比赛中)获胜的希望 |  | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Oh, well maybe there was a dog lookin’ at him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Well, maybe that’s because you’re closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] | /beib/ | n. 小孩, 天真幼稚的人 | n a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Good luck, babe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]] | /'preʃәs/ | a. 宝贵的, 珍贵的, 过于精致的, 珍爱的 | s. of high worth or cost | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y’know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y’know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y’know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Okay. Then I guess it’s just, wait here then.   Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] | /'æksәnt/ | n. 重音, 口音, 特点, 注重点 | n. distinctive manner of oral expression | 1 | 21 | 11 | *No offence but, y’know sometimes it’s hard to understand you, y’know with the accent, so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *I don’t care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *And uh, Liam, Liam’s got bad knees. You hit him right and he’ll go down like a lamp.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *I know that there’s no hole there, I just really liked that picture.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] | /lu:s/ | n. 发射, 放任, 放纵 | a. not compact or dense in structure or arrangement | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I don’t care! The wires have come loose in your head!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#darling\|darling]] | /'dɑ:liŋ/ | n. 亲爱的, 可爱的人, 可爱的物 | n. a special loved one | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Oh my God. Mrs. Chatracus: Hello darling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Ooh, ice! I am so in the mood for ice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven’t done that since I was four and I washed my dad’s P* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven’t done that since I was four and I washed my dad’s P* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose—I mean I-I’m not proud * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose—I mean I-I’m not proud * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] | /ri'pleis/ | vt. 代替, 替换, 放回, 归还 | v. substitute a person or thing for (another that is broken or inefficient or lo | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Oh. Well, I’ll right you everyday.  15 Yemen Road, Yemen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shock]] | /ʃɒk/ | n. 震动, 冲突, 震惊, 冲击, 突击, 禾束堆, 休克, 长毛狗 | n. the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat | 1 | 18 | 16 | *All right. The super couldn’t figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn’t figure out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *All right. The super couldn’t figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn’t figure out* |

### 低频词（63）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yemen\|yemen]] | /'jemәn/ | n. 也门 | n. a republic on the southwestern shores of the Arabian Peninsula on the Indian  | 10 | 11 | 2 | *Okay, could you just stop talking for a second?  Yemen. That’s right, yes, I’m being transferred to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rugby\|rugby]] | /'rʌ^bi/ | n. 橄榄球, 橄榄球赛 | n. a form of football played with an oval ball | 8 | 8 | 1 | *We were playing rugby.* |
| liam | /liæm/ | n. 利亚姆（男子名） |  | 7 | 8 | 2 | *No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home.  Liam, Devon, this is Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mailman\|mailman]] | /'meilmæn/ | n. 邮递员 | n. a man who delivers the mail | 2 | 9 | 6 | *That’s a mailman! That’s our mailman!   Hi. How are ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#devon\|devon]] | /'devn/ | n. 德文郡（等于Devon shire, 英国郡名）；德文岛（加拿大北部） | n. a county in southwestern England | 2 | 2 | 1 | *No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home.  Liam, Devon, this is Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scrum\|scrum]] | /skrʌm/ | n. (橄榄球中)扭夺, 并列争球 | n. (rugby) the method of beginning play in which the forwards of each team crouc | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That’s called a scrum, okay? It’s kinda like a hud* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lad\|lad]] | /læd/ | n. 青年, 家伙, 少年, 情人 | n a boy or man | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I’m just going to say hi to the lads. All right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favour\|favour]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好感, 偏爱, 喜爱, 相信, 庇护, 赞同, 支持, 信赖, 善行, 恩惠, 徽章, 礼物 | n a feeling of favorable regard | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, it’s his first time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] | /'blʌdi/ | a. 血腥的, 嗜杀的, 有血的 | v. cover with blood | 2 | 8 | 7 | *Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]] | /hip/ | n. 臀部, 蔷薇果, 忧郁 | n. either side of the body below the waist and above the thigh | 2 | 12 | 9 | *And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I hea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wire\|wire]] | /'waiә/ | n. 电线, 电报, 电信, 铁丝网, 金属丝 | n. ligament made of metal and used to fasten things or make cages or fences etc | 2 | 8 | 4 | *Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is connected to something!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knob\|knob]] | /nɒb/ | n. 把手, 瘤, 旋钮, 球形突出物 | n. a circular rounded projection or protuberance | 1 | 9 | 4 | *Well, here’s another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flush\|flush]] | /flʌʃ/ | n. 流溢, 面红, 旺盛, 发烧, 惊飞的鸟, 同花牌 | n. a poker hand with all 5 cards in the same suit | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Sure! It flushes it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alimony\|alimony]] | /'ælimәni/ | n. 瞻养费, 生活费 | n. court-ordered support paid by one spouse to another after they are separated | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, I’m riding the alimony pony.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pony\|pony]] | /'pәuni/ | n. 矮种马 | n. a range horse of the western United States | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, I’m riding the alimony pony.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#personality\|personality]] | /.pә:sә'næliti/ | n. 个性, 人格, (团体、地方、国家)特有特性, 名人 | n. the complex of all the attributes--behavioral, temperamental, emotional and m | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freezer\|freezer]] | /fri:zә/ | n. 冰库, 冰箱, 冷冻库 | n electric refrigerator (trade name Deepfreeze) in which food is frozen and stor | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes.  I’m tellin’ ya!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]] | /meit/ | n. 配偶, 对手, 助手, (象棋)将死 | n. the officer below the master on a commercial ship | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Hey, mate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrive\|arrive]] | /ә'raiv/ | vi. 到达, 抵达 | v. reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress | 1 | 4 | 4 | *So how are you? I’ve been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I’ve been rather b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]] | /'kɒnsәt/ | n. 音乐会, 和声, 一致 | n. a performance of music by players or singers not involving theatrical staging | 1 | 14 | 7 | *Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] | /'sɒkә/ | n. 英式足球 | n. a football game in which two teams of 11 players try to kick or head a ball i | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something—or should I call it  football?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#riverside\|riverside]] | /'rivәsaid/ | n. 河边, 河畔 | n. a city in southern California | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So good then! We’ll see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cupid\|cupid]] | /'kju:pid/ | n. 丘比特, 丘比特画像, 美男孩 | n. (Roman mythology) god of love; counterpart of Greek Eros | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, look at us! Who would’ve thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overseas\|overseas]] | /'әuvә'si:z/ | a. 海外的, 国外的 | r. in a place across an ocean | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I hear ya.  But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rome\|rome]] | /rәum/ | n. 罗马 | n. capital and largest city of Italy; on the Tiber; seat of the Roman Catholic C | 1 | 11 | 5 | *Too London? No-no, Rome? Vienna? Ooh-ooh, Barcelona?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vienna\|vienna]] | /vi'enә/ | n. 维也纳 | n. the capital and largest city of Austria; located on the Danube in northeaster | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Too London? No-no, Rome? Vienna? Ooh-ooh, Barcelona?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barcelona\|barcelona]] | /.bɑ:si'lәunә/ | n. 巴塞罗那 | n. a city in northeastern Spain on the Mediterranean; 2nd largest Spanish city a | 1 | 5 | 2 | *Too London? No-no, Rome? Vienna? Ooh-ooh, Barcelona?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soak]] | /sәuk/ | n. 浸, 湿透, 大雨 | n. the process of becoming softened and saturated as a consequence of being imme | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outlet\|outlet]] | /'autlet/ | n. 出口, 发泄方法, 市场 | n a place of business for retailing goods | 1 | 4 | 3 | *This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plug\|plug]] | /plʌg/ | n. 塞子, 栓, 插头 | n. blockage consisting of an object designed to fill a hole tightly | 1 | 7 | 6 | *This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freaky\|freaky]] | /'fri:ki/ | a. (=freakish)畸形的, 捉摸不定的 | s. strange and somewhat frightening | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh my God, that’s so freaky! Turn him off!!* |
| espn |  | abbr. 娱乐体育节目电视网（Entertainment Sports Programming Network）；欧洲 |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Oh, just hold on a second. I’m watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don’t know what the big deal is.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saver\|saver]] | /'seivә/ | n. 节省...的器具, 节约装置, 省俭的人 | n. someone who saves (especially money) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Chandler! Come on, I’m gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It’s a r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taller\|taller]] | /'tɔ:lə(r)/ | a. 高的( tall的比较级 ) | a. great in vertical dimension; high in stature | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Yeah, I know, I do that ‘cause it makes me look taller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brutal\|brutal]] | /'bru:tәl/ | a. 残忍的, 野蛮的, 不讲理的 | s. harsh | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Nope.  Man look at this! Ross, I can’t believe you said you’d play rugby. I mean look how brutal thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#badminton\|badminton]] | /'bædmintәn/ | n. 羽毛球运动 | n. a game played on a court with light long-handled rackets used to volley a shu | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#huddle\|huddle]] | /'hʌdl/ | n. 杂乱一团, 混乱, 拥挤 | n. (informal) a quick private conference | 1 | 9 | 2 | *Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That’s called a scrum, okay? It’s kinda like a hud* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]] | /hʌm/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 哼声, 杂声 | n. a humming noise | 1 | 17 | 7 | *And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hilarious\|hilarious]] | /hi'lєәriәs/ | a. 喜不自禁的, 欢闹的, 引人发笑的 | s. marked by or causing boisterous merriment or convulsive laughter | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I’m gonna show* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toughest\|toughest]] |  | a. 最坚强的；最坚韧的；最粗暴的；最苛刻的（tough的最高级） | a not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’m sorry. I’m sorry. You’re right, you are a tough guy. You’re the toughest palaeontologist I know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#palaeontologist\|palaeontologist]] |  | 古生物学家；化石学家 | n a specialist in paleontology | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m sorry. I’m sorry. You’re right, you are a tough guy. You’re the toughest palaeontologist I know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#energetic\|energetic]] | /.enә'dʒetik/ | a. 精力充沛的, 积极的 | a. possessing or exerting or displaying energy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look, don’t worry about me. Okay? I’ll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I’ll uh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wolf\|wolf]] | /wulf/ | n. 狼, 残忍贪婪之人, 极度穷困 | n. any of various predatory carnivorous canine mammals of North America and Eura | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cufflink\|cufflink]] | /ˈkʌflɪŋk/ | n. （衬衣的）袖扣 | n. jewelry consisting of one of a pair of linked buttons used to fasten the cuff | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pulse\|pulse]] | /pʌls/ | n. 脉冲, 脉搏, 情绪, 意向, 拍子, 豆类 | n. the rhythmic contraction and expansion of the arteries with each beat of the  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saucy\|saucy]] | /'sɒ:si/ | a. 莽撞的, 活泼的, 漂亮的 | s characterized by a lightly pert and exuberant quality | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Saucy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taxi\|taxi]] | /'tæksi/ | n. 出租车 | v. travel slowly | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y’know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]] | /'lʌgidʒ/ | n. 行李, 皮箱 | n cases used to carry belongings when traveling | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y’know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offence\|offence]] | /ә'fens/ | n. 犯罪, 冒犯, 违反, 罪过, 过错, 攻击 | n the action of attacking an enemy | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No offence but, y’know sometimes it’s hard to understand you, y’know with the accent, so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halftime\|halftime]] |  | n. 中场休息 | n. an intermission between the first and second half of a game | 1 | 3 | 2 | *That’s just halftime, there’s more of this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inflict\|inflict]] | /in'flikt/ | vt. 施以, 加害, 使承受 | v. impose something unpleasant | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No. That’s not what I’m saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closely\|closely]] | /'klәusli/ | adv. 接近地 | r. in a close relation or position in time or space | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]] | /wi:k/ | a. 不牢固的, 弱的, 虚弱的, 软弱的, 无力的, 无权力的, (论据等)不充分的 | a. wanting in physical strength | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swift\|swift]] | /swift/ | n. 褐雨燕, 快速爬行的小蜥蜴, 蝙蝠蛾, 大滚筒 | n. United States meat-packer who began the use of refrigerated railroad cars (18 | 1 | 1 | 1 | *One swift kick and he’ll back off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloke\|bloke]] | /blәuk/ | n. 小子, 家伙 | n a boy or man | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I hea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beard\|beard]] | /biәd/ | n. 胡须 | n. the hair growing on the lower part of a man's face | 1 | 12 | 9 | *And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I hea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brighten\|brighten]] | /'braitn/ | vi. 变亮, 活跃 | v. make lighter or brighter | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they’d brighten up the place. They do don’t you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disappear\|disappear]] | /.disә'piә/ | vi. 消失, 不见 | v. get lost, as without warning or explanation | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baseboard\|baseboard]] | /'beisbɒ:d/ | n. 护壁板, 脚底板 | n. a molding covering the joint formed by a wall and the floor | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]] | /'wɒlit/ | n. 皮夹 | n. a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh no! That-that’ll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#porsche\|porsche]] |  | n. 保时捷（德国知名汽车厂商或其出产的轿车品牌名） |  | 1 | 34 | 7 | *I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven’t done that since I was four and I washed my dad’s P* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concussion\|concussion]] | /kәn'kʌʃәn/ | n. 剧烈摇动, 震荡 | n. injury to the brain caused by a blow; usually resulting in loss of consciousn | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I think you’ve got concussion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#electrician\|electrician]] | /.ilek'triʃәn/ | n. 电学家, 电气技师, 电工 | n. a person who installs or repairs electrical or telephone lines | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right. The super couldn’t figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn’t figure out* |
