---
season: 4
episode: "23"
title: "The One With Ross's Wedding Parts I and II"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E23 — The One With Ross's Wedding Parts I and II

Part I Written by: Michael Borkow Part II Teleplay by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan & Scott Silveri Part II Story by: Jill Condon & Amy Toomin Part I Transcribed by: Eric Aasen Part II Transcribed by: Aaron D. Miller


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Chandler are getting ready for the flight to London and Monica comes running in.

**Monica:** Guys, [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] up! The flight [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] in four hours! It could take time to get a [[Friends-词汇总表#taxi\|taxi]]! There could be traffic! The [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!! *(She runs back to her apartment.)*

**Chandler:** Six-hour trip to London. That’s a lot of Monica.


> [!scene] Cut to the girls’ apartment, Monica is putting things into her purse as Phoebe and Rachel watch.

**Monica:** Passport, check! *(As she puts away each item, she says check.)* Camera, check! Traveller’s [[Friends-词汇总表#cheque\|cheques]], check!

**Rachel:** Who are you saying "check" too?

**Monica:** Myself. Y’know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! *(pause)* My mom does it, I never realized it was weird.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]]. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey! Are you ready yet?

**Monica:** Yep! You got the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]?

**Ross:** Oh! Got ‘em right here, *(Pats his coat pocket)* check!


> [!scene] Cut to the guys’ apartment.

**Joey:** It’s all London, baby! Here we go. *(He takes a picture of a less than enthused Chandler and starts towards the girls’ apartment.)*

**Chandler:** You got your [[Friends-词汇总表#passport\|passport]]?

**Joey:** Yeah, in my third [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]]. You don’t want to lose that.

*(Chandler glares at him. At first Joey doesn’t know why, it takes him a little bit to figure it out.)*

**Joey:** Ohh!! *(Runs to his room.)*

**Chandler:** There it is.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier, Monica is telling Phoebe where everything is.

**Monica:** Okay, if you need the [[Friends-词汇总表#vacuum\|vacuum]], it’s in my [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] on the left-hand side. Ah, the [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]] bags are next to the [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]]…

**Phoebe:** Okay, okay, but Rachel’s gonna be here too, can’t I just ask her this stuff?

**Monica:** Yeah, okay, give that a try!

**Chandler:** *(entering, with Joey)* All right! Let’s do it!

**Joey:** Woo-hoo!!

**Ross:** Yeah, cheerie-o!

**Joey:** London baby!

**Chandler:** Okay, ‘cause that’s not gonna get [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]].

**Joey:** *(louder)* London baby!!

**Chandler:** Hey, y’know what? I was wrong.

**Ross:** Well, we’re all here! I guess we should get going!

**Phoebe:** Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don’t—can’t get up.

**Ross:** Oh, I’ll-I’ll come [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] you.

**Phoebe:** Great! Yeah, could you bring me the [[Friends-词汇总表#newspaper\|newspaper]]?

**Ross:** Yeah. *(He does so and Phoebe hugs him.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, have a great wedding!

**Ross:** Thanks.

**Phoebe:** Oh, hey, Chandler I wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] you too!

**Chandler:** Hey! *(Trots over)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it’s on the counter in your apartment.

**Chandler:** Oh. *(Goes and gets Phoebe’s book as Rachel comes in from her room.)*

**Ross:** *(to Rachel)* So, we’re off.

**Rachel:** Have fun!

**Ross:** Thanks! *(They hug.)* Ugh, I can’t believe you’re not gonna be there!

**Rachel:** Oh, I know.

**Ross:** So-so come! Why don’t you come?

**Rachel:** What?!

**Ross:** To London! Come to London. Please? It’ll mean so much to me.

**Rachel:** Yeah, well, I gotta work, I’m sorry.

**Ross:** Why-why can’t you take a couple of days off?

**Rachel:** Because, I can’t! Ross, I told you, no. I can’t.

**Ross:** This is my wedding.

**Monica:** All right, y’know what? We really are late! Let’s go! Let’s go! Let’s go!!

**Ross:** Fine. You’ll-you’ll watch it on video when we get back.

**Chandler:** *(entering, with Phoebe’s book.)* Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.

**Phoebe:** *(laughs)* Thank you.

*(Chandler kneels down with his arms spread waiting for his hug.*

**Phoebe:** Thank you. *(She pats him on his head.)*

**Ross:** All right, let’s go! Bye, Pheebs!

**Joey:** Bye, Pheebs!

*(They all start out, Rachel gives each one a kiss, and says "bye." In the hall, Joey says…)*

**Joey:** London baby!! *(And Rachel slowly closes the door, sadly.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, do you need a [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]]? You don’t have to bring me anything!

*(And with that, television history is made as, for the first time ever, an entire show moves it’s entire production to an entirely different country to make a single episode. We get shots of Buckingham Palace, London Bridge, Big Ben, and the London Marriott as Joey and Chandler exit.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Street in front of the London Marriott, Joey and Chandler exit. Joey is carrying a video camera and is shooting Chandler.

**Joey:** Come on! Do something!

**Chandler:** I am, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignoring]] you.

**Joey:** Okay, here! *(Gives him the camera.)* I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey. *(Joey folds out his "pop-up" map of London. All of the major landmarks pop-up like in a pop-up book.)*

**Chandler:** Oh, what the hell is that?

**Joey:** It’s London, baby! All right, the hotel’s here. *(Points to the map.)* Wait. No, we wanna go… No. I know. *(Sets the map down.)* I’m gonna have to go into the map. *(So Joey literally steps into the map.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!

**Joey:** I got it! *(Picks up the map and starts walking.)* Here we go.

**Chandler:** Okay. Listen-listen, we’re not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?

**Joey:** Shhh! *(Pause)* Man, you made me lose it! *(He goes into the map again.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Another street, somewhere along the River Themes, Ross, Emily, and Monica are walking to where they’re gonna get married. Emily is relating the troubles with the caterer.

**Emily:** …and that was all before 10 o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]. The [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]] rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the [[Friends-词汇总表#florist\|florist]] phoned to say there [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t any [[Friends-词汇总表#tulip\|tulips]]. Oh, and the [[Friends-词汇总表#chilliest\|chilliest]] has carpel-tunel [[Friends-词汇总表#syndrome\|syndrome]]. We’re not gonna be…

**Ross:** Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, *(Gives her the time-out signal.)* honey, okay?

**Emily:** Well, up yours too!

**Ross:** What?! No! No! That’s-that’s time-out!

**Emily:** Sorry.

**Ross:** Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything’s gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.

**Monica:** Chicken Kiev?

**Ross:** Um-hmm! Doesn’t that sound [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] at the last minute?

**Monica:** Yeah, y’know, but something like [[Friends-词汇总表#salmon\|salmon]] which would be so much more [[Friends-词汇总表#elegant\|elegant]] than the [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]]. And, you wouldn’t have to worry about the [[Friends-词汇总表#salmonella\|salmonella]]. *(Ross pushes her.)* So, I can’t wait to see this place you’re getting married!

**Ross:** Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily’s parents got married here.

**Emily:** I still can’t believe they’re [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tearing]] it down. It really is the most [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] building you’ll ever see. I mean it’s over… *(She stops suddenly, when she sees that demolition has already started.)* Oh my God!

**Monica:** It’s nice.

**Emily:** Oh. Oh. *(She starts running towards the building.)*


> [!scene] Cut to inside.

**Emily:** *(running in, with Ross)* Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What are we going to do?

**Ross:** It’s all right! Everything’s gonna be all right.

**Emily:** How’s it gonna be all right?!

**Ross:** Uh-huh, I see that.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Okay, I talked to the guy with the [[Friends-词汇总表#shovel\|shovel]] and I found out what happened.

**Ross:** What? What?

**Monica:** They [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|torn]] it down a few days early.


> [!scene] Scene: Westminster Abbey, Joey and Chandler have successfully navigated the streets of London and are approaching the Abbey.

**Joey:** All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I’ve ever seen. Hey! *(Pushes Chandler in front of the camera.)* Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?

**Chandler:** I think it’s great. It’s great. Y’know, they’re thinking of changing the name of this place.

**Joey:** Really? To what?

**Chandler:** To Put the Camera Away!!!

**Joey:** Man, you are Westminster Crabby. *(He starts chasing Chandler towards the Abbey.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is trying to move off of the couch as Rachel enters.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Oh.

**Rachel:** Oh, honey! Don’t get up! What do you need?

**Phoebe:** Oh, no. Oh, nothing.

**Rachel:** Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.

**Phoebe:** Okay, I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#wedgie\|wedgie]].

**Rachel:** Okay, that is all you.

**Phoebe:** So-so, what do you want for [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]?

**Rachel:** Oh, I don’t know. I guess we have to eat.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I do. What’s the matter?

**Rachel:** I’m just [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bummed]] about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn’t have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.

**Phoebe:** Eh, don’t be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married…

**Rachel:** *(interrupting)* Still in love with?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Rachel:** I’m not in love with Ross!

**Phoebe:** Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]].

**Rachel:** Phoebe, I’m going to Ross’s wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]]. Not because, I’m still in love with him! I mean, hey, y’know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y’know? Clearly I have [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for him, but feelings don’t mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn’t mean that-that I’m still in love with him. Y’know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him—Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my—why didn’t you tell me?!!

**Phoebe:** We thought you knew!

**Rachel:** We?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!

**Rachel:** You all know? Does Ross know?

**Phoebe:** Oh no, Ross doesn’t know anything.

**Rachel:** Oh, I can not believe you didn’t tell me!

**Phoebe:** Well, because we thought you knew!! It’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]]! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean."


> [!scene] Scene: A park in London, Joey and Chandler walk up to a souvenir stand.

**Joey:** Hey!

**The Vendor:** So, what are you guys in the market for? We’ve got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...

**Joey:** Check this out? Huh? *(Joey has this big tall hat with a British flag on the front of it.)* Yeah. That’s the stuff. What do you think?

**Chandler:** Well, I don’t have to buy that, "I’m with stupid" T-shirt anymore.

**Joey:** Well, I like it. Here you go. *(He pays for the hat.)*

**Chandler:** All right, look, you’re not really gonna buy that are you? Don’t you think you’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]] me enough for one day?

**Joey:** Oh, I [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] you?

**Chandler:** How can I answer that when I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]] I don’t know you?

**The Vendor:** He’s just jealous. You’ll fit right in; all Londoners wear them!

**Chandler:** Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?

**The Vendor:** *(looks around)* They’re all tourists.

**Chandler:** All right, look, if you [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] on wearing that, in public, y’know, you’re gonna spend the rest of the [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] all by yourself.

**Joey:** Oh yeah? *(Puts the hat on.)* If you’re gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.

**The Vendor:** Good choice.

**Joey:** Thanks.

**Chandler:** Okay, wait. All right, that’s it, okay, I’m out of here. I am not going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]] anymore! *(He trips over a box, falls into a flower stand and walks away trying to be cool.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The hotel, Ross’s room, Emily is entering.

**Emily:** Hello?

**Ross:** Hey! I just [[Friends-词汇总表#spoke\|spoke]] to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we’ll be able to find a new place for the wedding.

**Emily:** We don’t have to.

**Ross:** Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?

**Emily:** No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knocked]] down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]].

**Ross:** She said what?

**Emily:** She said, "If I’m not gonna be happy getting married [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] that we find in a day, well then we should just [[Friends-词汇总表#postpone\|postpone]] it."

**Ross:** Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realises]] how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister’s [[Friends-词汇总表#teeny\|teeny]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] little brain [[Friends-词汇总表#comprehend\|comprehends]] that people took time out of their lives to [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousands]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#mile\|miles]] to be here, huh? *(He puts his pants on backwards.)* This isn’t right.

**Emily:** I realize that people are going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappointed]]. But, I’m sure they’ll come back when we can do it right.

**Ross:** I can’t ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?

*(Holds out his pants)*

**Emily:** Don’t you point your pants at me! *(She throws them on the floor.)* We have no choice! Anywhere that’s half-[[Friends-词汇总表#decent\|decent]] would’ve be booked months ago, Ross don’t you understand? This is our wedding I’m talking about.

**Ross:** The only thing I understand is; [[Friends-词汇总表#postpone\|postponing]] it is not an option. This is when we’re getting married.

**Emily:** So what are you saying? It’s now or never?

**Ross:** No. I’m saying it’s now. *(He starts putting on his pants, backwards again.)*

**Emily:** Or?

**Ross:** There’s no ‘or’ in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!

**Emily:** It’s not the pants. It’s you that is [[Friends-词汇总表#backwards\|backwards]]. And if, and if you don’t understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn’t get married at all! *(She storms out.)*

**Ross:** *(chasing her, trying to zip up his pants. His got them on right now.)* No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please—*(He catches something important in the zipper and howls like a little boy and falls to the floor.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is on the couch as Rachel returns carrying a bunch of shopping bags.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** *(depressed)* Hi.

**Phoebe:** So, did shopping make you feel any better about Ross?

**Rachel:** Manhattan does not have enough stores.

**Phoebe:** Well, I think I can help you get over him.

**Rachel:** You can?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. I just need you to bring me some photos of Ross.

**Rachel:** Um-hmm.

**Phoebe:** And a small piece of [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]].

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** And a glass of [[Friends-词汇总表#tepid\|tepid]] water. *(She gathers up all of these things.)*

**Rachel:** Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some [[Friends-词汇总表#graveyard\|graveyard]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dirt\|dirt]] and hang it from a north-facing tree?

**Phoebe:** Uh, only if you have the [[Friends-词汇总表#hiccup\|hiccups]] too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] is for me. I just didn’t feel like getting up. Okay, I’m gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you’re going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his [[Friends-词汇总表#flaw\|flaws]].

**Rachel:** I can do that. I [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] did it when we were going out.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he’s such a great guy. Here. *(Hands her the picture, Rachel grabs it out of her hand.)* Okay, now, close your eyes. And [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] that you’re with Ross okay and imagine that you’re kissing him. And you’re-you’re running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] it’s some kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#grease\|grease]], it’s—[[Friends-词汇总表#uck\|uck]]! Hah?

**Rachel:** I don’t know, his uh, his hair never really [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothered]] me that much, and y’know it was always more [[Friends-词汇总表#crunchy\|crunchy]] than it was [[Friends-词汇总表#greasy\|greasy]].

**Phoebe:** Okay, this is going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] than I thought. Umm, let’s try some uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#aversion\|aversion]] therapy.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** Okay?

**Rachel:** All right.

**Phoebe:** So uh, now look at the picture…

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** All right, and umm… *(She grabs the picture and smacks her in the head.)*

**Rachel:** Ow!

**Phoebe:** Okay, how do you feel now?

**Rachel:** Well, I like you less!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey’s hotel room. Chandler is watching TV as Joey returns, still wearing his hat.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey. *(He nods at the hat.)*

**Joey:** Oh. *(Takes off the hat.)* Sorry!

**Chandler:** No-no-no, y’know what? I really shouldn’t have said that you were [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]] me, I mean that really wasn’t cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I’ve had a really [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] day.

**Joey:** Me too.

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Joey:** Noo!! I’ve had the best day ever! Dude, check this out!

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Joey:** Sh-shh-shh! *(He motions for her to watch something he has taped.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the tape Joey made in front of some famous place in London with a rather famous English-type person.

**Joey:** *(on tape)* Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.

**Fergie:** *(Yep, Sarah, the Duchess of York)* Okay, so umm, what’s your friend’s name?

**Joey:** *(on tape)* Oh, Chandler.

**Fergie:** Hi Chandler! *(Waves)*

**Chandler:** That’s… That’s was…

**Monica:** Oh my God!

**Joey:** That’s Fergie baby!!

**Fergie:** Joey says you don’t really like his hat, but I think it’s kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#dash\|dashing]].

**Chandler:** How did you? How? How?

**Joey:** Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I’m in my map and-and…*(Ross enters)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.

**Monica:** *(laughs)* Yes, I did! And you are welcome!

**Ross:** Am I?! And was it your idea to [[Friends-词汇总表#postpone\|postpone]] the wedding?!

**Monica:** Umm…

**Chandler:** I’m gonna go to the bathroom.

**Joey:** Wait up! *(They both run to the bathroom.)*

**Ross:** Hey-hey, since you’re the ‘fix-it’ lady, here’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickle]], what do you do when the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] says she doesn’t want to have the wedding at all?

**Monica:** She said that?!

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Why?!

**Ross:** I don’t know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flipped]] out.

**Monica:** Oh my God. You’re even [[Friends-词汇总表#dumber\|dumber]] than I am!

**Ross:** Excuse me?

**Monica:** Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?

**Ross:** I don’t know. A month?

**Monica:** Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a [[Friends-词汇总表#pillowcase\|pillowcase]] and hung it off the back of her head. That’s what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] *(Starting to cry)*, with the little people on top. *(Ross gets thrown a box of Kleenex from the bathroom and he gives her one.)* Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.

**Ross:** I had no idea. And that-that [[Friends-词汇总表#pillowcase\|pillowcase]] thing, I thought you guys were just doing the [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nun\|nun]].

**Monica:** Sometimes we were.

**Ross:** Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?

**Monica:** Okay.

**Ross:** Come on. *(They leave and Chandler sticks his head out.)*

**Chandler:** That was pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] huh?

**Joey:** Yeah. *(Pause)* Hey, I hope Ross didn’t think that we just went in there because we were [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] being out here!

**Chandler:** *(glares at him)* I hope he did!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the phone rings and Phoebe answers it.

**Phoebe:** Hello.

**Joey:** *(on phone)* Hey, Pheebs! It’s Joey!

**Phoebe:** Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the—that looks just like you on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]]. And I was gonna go over and say ‘hi!’ but then I figured, he doesn’t care if he looks like you.

**Joey:** That just cost me four [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]. But uh listen, I just called to see how the [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] and the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] are doing?

**Phoebe:** Ohh, they’re having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn’t been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?

**Joey:** Kinda, but I’ve just been having way too much fun.

**Phoebe:** So you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#homesick\|homesick]] yet?

**Joey:** No, I don’t think so.

**Phoebe:** All right, the seven of us miss you.

**Joey:** Who’s seven?

**Phoebe:** Y’know, me, Rachel, the [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]], the babies…

**Joey:** Ahh, the babies miss me?

*(There is a knock on Rachel and Phoebe’s door.)*

**Phoebe:** Ooh, the [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] guy’s here!

**Joey:** What? You ordered [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] without me?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah. But y’know we were thinking about you, y’know we ordered the Joey Special.

**Joey:** Two [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizzas]]?!

**Phoebe:** Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.

**Joey:** Wait, well, where did you get it from?!

*(Phoebe has already hung up, leaving Joey in the dark. So Joey decides to watch some TV and turns on a rerun of Cheers, with the theme song playing. At first, he’s happy, but as the song progresses Joey gets depressed and homesick.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Emily’s planned wedding place, Monica is dragging Emily in.

**Emily:** Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!

**Monica:** You’ll see.

**Emily:** I tell you, this wedding is not going to happen.

*(At that Ross plugs in some Christmas lights to light the place up.)*

**Emily:** Oh God.

**Ross:** Okay? But-but [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] a lot more lights, okay? And-and y’know [[Friends-词汇总表#fewer\|fewer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#brick\|bricks]], and-and-and flowers, and [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]]…

**Monica:** And the [[Friends-词汇总表#musician\|musicians]], look, they can go over here *(Points to a little alcove)*, okay? And the chairs can face this way *(Points)*, and… *(Points to Ross)* You go.

**Ross:** But-but, if you don’t love this, we’ll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it’s fine, whatever you want.

**Emily:** It’s perfect.

**Ross:** And, I don’t know, if it starts to [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]]…

**Emily:** Well then we’ll get [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]]. *(They kiss.)*

**Monica:** Ohh. And I don’t even have a date.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is in her bedroom.

**Rachel:** Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** Do you remember where the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] food is?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, it’s in the guys’ apartment under the [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]]. Why?

**Rachel:** *(enters with a bag packed)* Because I’m going to London.

**Phoebe:** What?! What do you mean you’re going to London?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don’t have those babies until I get back. *(Kisses her stomach.)*

**Phoebe:** I—Rachel, you can’t go! Ross loves Emily!

**Rachel:** Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserves]] to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.

**Phoebe:** That’s not why you’re going! You’re going because you hope he’s gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British [[Friends-词汇总表#chippy\|chippy]]."

**Rachel:** Ohh—Do you think he will?!

**Phoebe:** No! Because he’s in love with the British [[Friends-词汇总表#chippy\|chippy]]! Look, Rachel, if you go, you’re just gonna mess with his head and [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] his wedding! Y’know, it’s too late! You missed you’re chance! I’m sorry, I know this must be really hard, it’s over.

**Rachel:** Y’know what? No. It’s not over until someone says, "I do." *(Exits)*

**Phoebe:** I do! I do! I do! *(Chases her into the hall, but Rachel doesn’t stop.)* I do! *(Gives up.)* Ugh, like I can really [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] you. I’m carrying a [[Friends-词汇总表#litter\|litter]].


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Moving Shot towards The Waltham House. A phone   is ringing.

**Housekeeper:** The Waltham Residence.

**Phoebe:** Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily’s Parents’ house.

**Housekeeper:** This is the [[Friends-词汇总表#housekeeper\|housekeeper]] speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses [[Friends-词汇总表#oneself\|oneself]] on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with [[Friends-词汇总表#whom\|whom]] one wishes to speak.

**Phoebe:** *(In a British accent)* This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it’s not too much [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]], please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?

**Housekeeper:** Miss Waltham, is at the [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearsal\|rehearsal]] dinner and it’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#polite\|polite]] to make fun of people. Goodbye.

**Phoebe:** No no no, I’ll be nice, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]]!!!   Could you just give me the number for where they are?

**Housekeeper:** I’m afraid, I’m not at [[Friends-词汇总表#liberty\|liberty]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#divulge\|divulge]] that information.

**Phoebe:** Ok, somebody is on their way to [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] wedding okay. And I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] somebody, alright. So if you don’t give me that number then I’m going to come over there and kick your [[Friends-词汇总表#snooty\|snooty]] ass all the way to New Glocken..[[Friends-词汇总表#shire\|shire]].

**Housekeeper:** Hangs up.

**Phoebe:** Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.


> [!scene] Scene: Rehearsal dinner hall. Ross and Emily are standing in the reception area. Monica arrives with her parents.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Ross:** *(Ross hugs his mom and dad)*Hi. Mom. Dad. Mrs. Geller: Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]], I [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insisted]] on [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|riding]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#tube\|tube]]. Mr. Geller: *(embarrassed)* Judy, the kids.. Mrs. Geller: Jack, that’s what they call the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]]. Mr. Geller: Ohh, I thought that you.... Ross and Monica: Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!

**Emily:** Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham. Mr. Waltham: *(Shaking everyone's hand.)* Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. *(Looking over at his wife.)* Darling it’s the Gellers. *(She pays no attention she’s talking on a cellular phone.)* *(Louder)* Darling, it’s the Gellers. *(She’s still not responding.)* She’s very self-[[Friends-词汇总表#absorb\|absorbed]], you know. I should never have married her. Mrs. Waltham: *(Looking evilly at her husband)* Sorry, what? Mr. Waltham: It’s the Gellers! Mrs. Waltham: Where? Mr. Waltham: Well there’s one *(pointing towards Jack)* and there’s another

*(pointing towards Judy). Mrs. Waltham: Lovely to meet you. Mr. Waltham: Terribly nice of you to offer to pay for half the wedding. (He hand a multipage bill to Jack.) Mr. Geller: Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, we’re happy to do it. Mrs. Geller: We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw (patting Monica on the shoulder.).*

**Monica:** Ha ha, a joke that’s funny in all countries.

*(Ross quickly directs the families to their tables.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey are standing by the kitchen entrance. A waiter comes out.

**Waiter:** Sir? *(Looking at Joey.)*

**Joey:** What’s in it?

**Waiter:** Goat [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]], water [[Friends-词汇总表#chestnut\|chestnuts]], and panchetta. *(Joey Looks down disgustingly at the food.)*

**Joey:** *(Looking up at the waiter)*That’s not food...No, I don’t, no...*(Taps Chandler on the shoulder.)* Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can’t even remember what Phoebe looks like.

**Chandler:** Joey, it’s been three days, okay.. Your just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#homesick\|homesick]], Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.

**Joey:** *(Pointing  at Chandler.)* Your different here too. Your mean in England.

*(Chandler throws his hands up to his head in frustration. They walk away from each other.)*


> [!scene] Camera pans to the Geller family table. Ross, Rachel, Mr. and Mrs. Geller are there.] Mr. Geller: (Looking at ht wedding bill.) What the hell!!!

**Ross:** what’s up, Dad? Mr. Geller: This bill for my half of the wedding. it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]. Mrs. Geller: How could it be so much? The [[Friends-词汇总表#reception\|receptions]] at their house. Mr. Geller: *(Pointing items out on the bill.)* Flowers, [[Friends-词汇总表#liquor\|liquor]], recarpet first floor. New guest [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]], [[Friends-词汇总表#landscape\|landscaping]]. I’m paying to [[Friends-词汇总表#remodel\|remodel]] this guys house. *(Angrily gets up.)* I’m going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.

**Ross:** *(Holding him back.)*Dad, dad, please. Look I don’t want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. *(Picks up the bill.)* Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay? Mr. Geller: And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers. Mrs. Geller: Ooh, Jack....*(He looks over to her)* Sometimes I forget how powerful you can be. *(They embrace and kiss passionately.)*

**Monica:** *(Looking nauseous from her parents kissing.)* And I’m going to go get drunk. *(Gets up to get a drink.)*


> [!scene] Scene: An airport in New York.

**Rachel:** *(Running to the ticket counter)* Ooh, ooh, ooh,ooh,ooh. *(Slightly out of breath)* Hi.

**Ticket Agent:** *(Cheerfully.)* Hello.

**Rachel:** *(Faking cheerfulness.)* Hello. Umm, when is your next flight to London?

**Ticket Agent:** *(looking at her computer terminal)* There’s one leaving in thirty minutes.

**Rachel:** Ohh, good.

**Ticket Agent:** And I do have one seat left.

**Rachel:** Ohh, thank you, thank you, thank you.

**Ticket Agent:** The last minute fare on this ticket is twenty seven hundred dollars.

**Rachel:** *(looking through her wallet.)* Ohh, I just don’t think I have enough left on my credit card.

**Ticket Agent:** Well you can split it with another credit card.

**Rachel:** Ohh, okay, how about five. *(She hands her all the credit cards.)* Ohh, thank you.

**Ticket Agent:** I’m just going to need to see your passport.

**Rachel:** *(Looking through her purse.)* Okay, you know what? I don’t have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]]. *(She slides it across the counter.)*

**Ticket Agent:** *(Slides the twenty back and tosses her credit card onto the counter.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Rehearsal dinner hall. Ross is at the Walthams’ table discussing the bill.

**Ross:** Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in [[Friends-词汇总表#barbecue\|barbecue]] and believe me you can kiss you [[Friends-词汇总表#gazebo\|gazebo]] [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]]. Now I might be able to get you the new [[Friends-词汇总表#lawn\|lawn]]. Mr. Waltham: Ahh, then you have to give us the lawn [[Friends-词汇总表#ornament\|ornaments]].

**Ross:** I go back there with [[Friends-词汇总表#lawn\|lawn]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ornament\|ornaments]], he’s going to laugh in my face. Mrs. Waltham: This is [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]. I mean we had an agreement. *(Ross looks frustrated. She begins to scream at her husband.)* Will you say something, Steven?! Please!!! Mr. Waltham: Don’t take that [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] with me. *(She looks evilly at him.)* All-all right you can. *(He looks over at Ross and Shrugs.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Girls apartment. Phoebe is dialing the phone and Rachel runs in the door.

**Rachel:** *(Running to her room.)* Hi, Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** *(Looking relieved. She puts down the phone.)* Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don’t want to talk about it, that’s fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...

**Rachel:** *(Running back out the door with her passport.)* Bye, Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** *(Trying to get up.)* Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! *(Not able to get up.)* God!! Why am I always [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] when she does that?!


> [!scene] Scene: The Rehearsal Dinner Hall. Chandler, Joey, Ross, Emily, Monica, and all the bridal party are seated at the table. Chandler gets up to make a toast.

**Chandler:** I’d like to [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]], Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will.

*(No one in the room laughs. He starts to get flustered.) Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. (Ross looks embarrassed.) And I thought things were going to work out for him..Until the day he over inflated her. (He laughs. Jack looks at Judy and no one in the room laughs.) Ohh, Dear God.. (A cellular phone rings.) Mrs. Waltham: Hello, Waltham Interiors.*

**Phoebe:** Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with [[Friends-词汇总表#ether\|ether]] one of the best men, or Ross’s sister Monica. Mrs. Waltham: Who is this?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I’m Phoebe Buffay. I’m one of Ross’s best friends. Mrs. Waltham: Well, if you’re on e of Ross’s best friends, why [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you here?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, um, I can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]]. I’m having my brother’s babies. Mrs. Waltham: Oh, am I on the radio?

**Phoebe:** No..umm, could I talk to one of them? It’s very very important. Mrs. Waltham: No, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bored]] with you now. I’m going to cut you off. *(She hangs up.)*

**Phoebe:** Ohh! Okay, I’m going to have to kick her ass too.

**Chandler:** *(Continuing his toast.)* And I’m sure we’re all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. *(No reaction from the people.)* Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily. *(He sits down.)*

**Joey:** Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I’m not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. *(pointing at everyone.)* But not as much as I love America. *(Looking at Chandler.)* Could we please..go home now?

*(One of the bridesmaids, Felicity, puts her arm around Joey.)*

**Felicity:** *(Putting her arm around Joey.)* Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.

**Joey:** *(Putting his arm around her.)* I’m not going [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]], [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]].


> [!scene] Scene: Later that evening at the rehearsal dinner. Chandler and Monica are sitting on a sofa. Chandler is covering his face in embarrassment because of the toast.

**Monica:** I was laughing. *(Patting him on the knee.)*

**Chandler:** Out [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]?

**Monica:** Well I didn’t want everyone to think I was stupid.

**Chandler:** So how are you doing?

**Monica:** My mother’s driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I’m happy. *(A drunken man approaches.)* I’m not going to let anything [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]] that.

**Drunk Man:** I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.

**Monica:** Well, thanks, we like him.

**Drunk Man:** My god!! You must have been a teenage when you had him. *(Monica stares straight forward after the comment. Chandler tries to console her by patting her on the shoulder.)*

*(Ross and Emily’s parents are seated at a table. Ross is between them and they are discussing the wedding bill.) Mr. Geller: There’s no way in hell, I’m paying for it.*

**Ross:** Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] it after the wedding. Mr. Geller: All-right fine, but I just want to say, I’m not paying for your wine [[Friends-词汇总表#cellar\|cellar]]. You [[Friends-词汇总表#thieve\|thieving]], would be speaking German if it weren’t for us, cheap little man. *(Emily’s stepmum looks shocked. Jack and Judy get up and leave.)*

*(Chandler’s trying to console Monica.)*

**Chandler:** The guy was [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammered]], okay? There’s no way, you look like Ross’s mother.

**Monica:** Then why would he say it?

**Chandler:** Because he’s crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.

**Monica:** Oh, my mother’s right. I’m never going to get married.

**Chandler:** Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn’t want you?

**Monica:** Ohh, Please?! I’m a single mom, with a [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] year old son!!


> [!scene] Scene: The airport. Rachel runs up to the ticket counter.

**Rachel:** Hi, I’m back. Listen, I need to...

**Ticket Agent:** Hello.

**Rachel:** Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight.

**Ticket Agent:** Oh I’m afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.

**Rachel:** Okay, you know what/ You’re going to have to call that [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] and tell them to [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] around and come and pick me up.

**Ticket Agent:** I can’t do that.

**Rachel:** Sure, you know what? Come on, we’ll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine".

**Ticket Agent:** I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to step aside, Miss.

**Rachel:** Look, If I don’t get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!!

**Ticket Agent:** I can’t imagine why.

**Rachel:** All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] back!! *(She pounds her hand on the counter twice. The ticket agent counters by placing the closed sign on the counter and tapping it twice.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandlers hotel room. Ross bursts into the room.

**Ross:** *(Screaming)* I’m getting married today!! Whoo-hoo!!

**Chandler:** *(With the covers pulled up to his chin.)* Morning, Ross.

**Ross:** I’m getting married, to..day!!

**Chandler:** Yeah you are!!

**Ross:** Ahh, whoo-hoo!!(He runs back out the door.

**Monica:** *(Comes up for below the covers and looks concerned.)* Do you think he knew I was here? *(Chandler quickly looks at Monica not knowing what to say.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandlers hotel room. Chandler and Monica are lying in the bed together talking. There’s an awkward air between them. They are both clutching the covers in from of them.

**Chandler:** Well I’ve-I’ve never done that with you before.

**Monica:** *(In am uneasy voice.)* Nope. *(She chuckles uneasily.)*

**Chandler:** So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?

**Monica:** Yep, yep...You?

**Chandler:** Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You?*(Looking over at her. She looks back.)* We did you.

**Monica:** Well...I’d better get going.

**Chandler:** Oh yea yea, absolutely.

**Monica:** *(Scoots towards the side of the bed.)* Could you not look?

**Chandler:** I don’t want to look.


> [!scene] Scene: The Virgin Atlantic flight to London that Rachel is on.

**Rachel:** Ohhh.*(she rhythmically taps her hands on the magazine on her lap.)*

**Passenger:** Ahh, ahh, excuse me.

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Passenger:** If you’re planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a [[Friends-词汇总表#sedative\|sedative]]...or perhaps [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] you one.

**Rachel:** Oh. I’m sorry. I’m very sorry. Sorry. *(She hums and sighs happily.)* It’s just, I’m ahh, I’m kinda excited. I’m, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and... *(He puts his headphones on to ignore her.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey enters his hotel room. The phone is ringing.

**Joey:** Hello?

**Phoebe:** *(Angrily.)* Hey, were the hell have you been?!

**Joey:** Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute [[Friends-词汇总表#bridesmaid\|bridesmaid]]. She is so...

**Phoebe:** I don’t want to hear about her!!

**Joey:** Ahh Pheebs, you know you’re still my number one girl.

**Phoebe:** No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachel’s coming to London.

**Joey:** Ohh great!!!

**Phoebe:** No it’s not great. No, she’s coming to tell Ross that she loves him.

**Joey:** *(Confused.)* But, he loves Emily?

**Phoebe:** I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! She’s going to [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] the wedding!!

**Joey:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** All right, so, okay...

**Joey:** Hold on. Hold on. *(Picking up a note pad and writing and reading the message aloud.)* Rachel coming. Do...Something.

**Phoebe:** Okay, so I’m done my part, okay. It’s your responsibility now, okay. The [[Friends-词汇总表#burden\|burden]] is off me, right?

**Joey:** Right!

**Phoebe:** So tell me about this girl?

*(The guys hotel room. Joey’s there. Chandler comes out of the bathroom in a robe.)*

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** Have you seen Monica?

**Chandler:** *(Very defensive.)* I’m not seeing Monica.

**Joey:** *(With a confused look on his face.)* What?

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** Look we’ve got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel’s coming to tell Ross she loves him!!

**Chandler:** Oh my god!

**Joey:** I know! That’s why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is?

**Chandler:** No!! Okay!! What’s with the third degree?! Why don’t you just [[Friends-词汇总表#shine\|shine]] a light in my eyes?! *(Joey looks totally confused.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The plane. Rachel's telling her story to the passenger on her left. The one on her left is still wearing his headphones.

**Rachel:** ...And so then I realized. All this stuff I had been doing. [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposing]] to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn’t come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...

**Passenger:** *(Frustrated he takes his headphones off.)* Oh, oh oh!! I’m sorry, can I [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]]? You know I just want to say..That you are a [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]], horrible person.

**Rachel:** Ehh, [[Friends-词汇总表#pardon\|pardon]] me?

**Passenger:** You say you love this man, yet you’re about to [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#happiest\|happiest]] day of his life. I’m afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.

**Rachel:** But he has to know how I feel!

**Passenger:** But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.

**Rachel:** *(Sighing)* Well I-I think your wrong.

**Passenger:** Oh-no.*(He bites his fist at her.)*And by the way, it seems to be [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] clear that you were on a break. *(Rachel gasps and doesn’t know what to say. He puts his headphones back on.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The church where Ross and Emily are to be married. Judy, Andrea, and Monica enter together.] Mrs. Geller: (Looking around at the chapel.) Oh my God! It’s like a fairyland. Mrs. Waltham: I know, it’s horrible isn’t it?

**Monica:** Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good. Mrs. Geller: I just hope...

**Monica:** *(Angrily.)* You can let some of them go by!*(Judy and Andrea go to the front of the chapel. Joey approaches Monica.)*

**Joey:** *(Whispering.)* Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I’ll cover the front door. You watch that big [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.

**Monica:** *(Awkwardly.)* Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don’t even like Chandler.

**Joey:** Okay. *(They both walk off to watch for Rachel.)*

*(Ross and chandler are standing next to the alter. Ross is practicing for the wedding.)*

**Ross:** *(Using a slightly different inflection for each.)* I do. I do. I do.

**Chandler:** Oh yea, your right. It’s the second one.

**Ross:** *(Very Nervous)*Really?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey’s in the front entrance watching for Rachel. The bridesmaid he met at the rehearsal dinner come in.)

**Felicity:** *(In a sexy voice.)*Hello Joey.

**Joey:** Hey, Felicity.

**Felicity:** Umm, I thought about you all day.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Felicity:** Um-[[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]]. Talk New York to me again.

**Joey:** *(In a New York accent.)* Fuggetaboutit. *(She giggles.)* How you doin?

**Felicity:** Mmm. *(She pushes him up against the wall and they begin to kiss.)*

**Joey:** Oh, yeah.

*(Back in the chapel. The parents are still fighting over the bill. Ross is refereeing.) Mrs. Geller: There’s nothing to discuss. We’re not paying for your wine cellar. Mr. Waltham: (Pleading.) You-you have to meet me in the middle here. Mr. Geller: (Forcefully.) Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet the middle of your ass.*

**Ross:** Dad!! *(Emily comes running in.)*

**Emily:** What-what’s going on?!

**Ross:** Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control. Mr. Waltham: You want a piece of me, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]? Is that what your saying? *(Pointing at Jack and poking him)* You want a piece of me?

**Ross:** *(Stepping in between them.)*Okay! Okay! That’s it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day!   From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! *(Pointing at his mother.)* That’s right!! Mr. Geller: Okay, okay. Mr. Waltham: Sorry old boy, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. *(Them all walk away. As he leaves he mutters to Jack.)* I could kill you with my [[Friends-词汇总表#thumb\|thumb]], you know.

**Emily:** What was all that about?

**Ross:** *(Sighing.)* It was...This [[Friends-词汇总表#disagreement\|disagreement]] over...*(She sighs. Ross notices her in her wedding dress.)* My god. You...you look beautiful.

**Emily:** *(Giggles.)* Ohh...*(She realizes that she’s in her gown.)* Oh! You were not meant to see me before the wedding. It’s bad luck.

**Ross:** You know what, I think we’ve had all the bad luck we’re going to have. *(He hugs her.)*

*(The front entrance. Joey and the bridesmaid are up against the wall kissing. Rachel comes in the door and walks by Joey unnoticed. She walks into the chapel and sees Ross and Emily kissing. She looks as though she wants to cry. Emily walks away and Ross turns and sees Rachel standing there.)*

**Ross:** My God. Rachel! *(He walks towards her, grasps her hands and kisses her on the cheek.)* Your here. I can’t believe it. *(She giggles.)* What happen? Why are you here?

**Rachel:** Well I just came...*(She touches him near his heart. She’s almost in tears.)* I just needed to tell you...*(Looking into his eyes. She takes a deep breath.)* Congratulations. *(He hugs her. She can barely hold back the tears.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Camera fades to one of the band members playing guitar at the wedding. The chapel is full of guest. A groomsmen escorts a bridesmaid down the isle. Joey is waiting with Mrs. Waltham to escort he down the isle. A cellular phone rings.] Mrs. Waltham: (Answering the phone.) Hello, Waltham Interiors.

**Phoebe:** Mrs. Waltham. Hi. It’s Phoebe again. Mrs. Waltham: *(Throws her head back in disgust.)* Why?!

**Phoebe:** Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise. Mrs. Waltham: *(Slapping the phone into Joey’s chest.)* Joey there’s a girl on the phone for you.

**Joey:** *(Smiling.)* Ohh great!! *(Putting the phone to his ear.)* Hello. *(He begins to escort her down the aisle.)*

**Phoebe:** Did you stop Rachel?

**Joey:** No, but it’s okay. She just came in and gave him a [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]], that it.

**Phoebe:** So nothing got [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]]?

**Joey:** No.

**Phoebe:** Oh that’s so great! Ohh, so what’s going on now?

**Joey:** Ah, I’m-I’m walking down the [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]]...Still walking. *(Mrs. Waltham takes her place.)* I’m about to pass the [[Friends-词汇总表#bridesmaid\|bridesmaid]] I [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] up with last night.

*(Looking at the bridesmaid.) Hey! (Talking to Phoebe.) I told her "Hey." And now I’m at the front with Ross. It’s Phoebe. (He shows Ross the phone.) He looks pretty mad. Uh...I’d better go.*

**Phoebe:** No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen. *(Joey looks at Ross and holds the phone above Ross’s shoulder.)*

*(Chandler escorts Monica down the aisle.)*

**Chandler:** What we did last night was....

**Monica:** Stupid.

**Chandler:** Totally crazy stupid. *(He nods his head at the people seated.)*

**Monica:** What were we thinking?

**Chandler:** I’m coming over tonight though, right?

**Monica:** Oh yeah. Definitely.

*(They quickly take their places and Here Comes the Bride Begins to play. Everyone seated looks back. Emily is being escorted up the aisle by her father. She kisses him on the cheek and takes her place by Ross’s side.)*

**Minister:** Friends. Family. We are [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gathered]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] here today the [[Friends-词汇总表#joyous\|joyous]] union of Ross and Emily. May the [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]] we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]] after me. I, Emily...

**Emily:** I, Emily...

**Minster:** Take [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]] Ross...

**Emily:** Take [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]] Ross...

**Minster:** As my [[Friends-词汇总表#lawfully\|lawfully]] wedded [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]], in [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] and in health, [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] death parts us.

**Emily:** As my [[Friends-词汇总表#lawfully\|lawfully]] wedded [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]], in [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] and in health, until death parts us.

**Minster:** Now Ross, [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]] after me. I Ross...

**Ross:** I Ross...

**Minister:** Take [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]], Emily...

**Ross:** Take [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]], Rachel...*(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He realizes what he said. Quickly he says.)* Emily. *(A slight chuckle.)* Emily.

**Minister:** *(Looking and feeling awkward. he looks towards Emily.)* Uhh...Shall I go on?

*(Rachel looks all around as if all the eyes in the chapel were looking at her as the picture fades to black.)*


---

**Closing Credits**


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（47）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 13 | 376 | 86 | *Hi. Mom. Dad. Mrs. Geller: Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my fault, I insisted on riding the tube. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 12 | 422 | 131 | *Yeah, y’know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 9 | 296 | 85 | *Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we’ll be able to find a new plac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 5 | 258 | 141 | *Well, I don’t have to buy that, "I’m with stupid" T-shirt anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 4 | 308 | 105 | *Myself. Y’know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check!  My mom * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 4 | 126 | 70 | *Oh yeah?  If you’re gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 3 | 116 | 69 | *Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don’t—can’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *All right, let’s go! Bye, Pheebs!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 3 | 132 | 68 | *Don’t you point your pants at me!  We have no choice! Anywhere that’s half-decent would’ve be booked* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *That’s not why you’re going! You’re going because you hope he’s gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 3 | 70 | 61 | *This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses oneself * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 3 | 83 | 61 | *Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *My mother’s driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I’m happy.  I’m not going to let anything* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 2 | 88 | 74 | *Myself. Y’know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check!  My mom * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Myself. Y’know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check!  My mom * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 2 | 101 | 74 | *Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don’t want to lose that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Well, we’re all here! I guess we should get going!* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don’t—can’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it’s on the counter in your apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Oh, what the hell is that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 2 | 92 | 67 | *Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything’s gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Well, I don’t have to buy that, "I’m with stupid" T-shirt anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 2 | 115 | 97 | *Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 2 | 181 | 87 | *Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *Hey-hey, since you’re the ‘fix-it’ lady, here’s a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *I tell you, this wedding is not going to happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *I’m afraid, I’m not at liberty to divulge that information.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *And I’m sure we’re all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 95 | 64 | *You say you love this man, yet you’re about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I’m afraid I have * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don’t even like Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Well, up yours too!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Yeah, y’know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Oh, I don’t know. I guess we have to eat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *I’m just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn’t have lied to him about having to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *I’m just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn’t have lied to him about having to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he’s suc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *I’m gonna go to the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *But-but, if you don’t love this, we’ll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it’s fine* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *No! Because he’s in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you’re just gonna mess wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it’s not too much trouble, please, umm, might * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it’s not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.* |

### 常用词（72）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 5 | 73 | 45 | *Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don’t—can’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 5 | 76 | 44 | *Phoebe, I’m going to Ross’s wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 4 | 74 | 39 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 4 | 62 | 46 | *No! Because he’s in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you’re just gonna mess wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 4 | 40 | 18 | *I’d like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 3 | 67 | 27 | *Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be tr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 3 | 58 | 40 | *Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he’s suc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 2 | 36 | 28 | *Phoebe, I’m going to Ross’s wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 2 | 46 | 35 | *All right, look, you’re not really gonna buy that are you? Don’t you think you’ve embarrassed me eno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 2 | 51 | 39 | *Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 2 | 26 | 20 | *Don’t you point your pants at me!  We have no choice! Anywhere that’s half-decent would’ve be booked* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] | /'tʃɒkәlit/ | n. 巧克力 | n. a food made from roasted ground cacao beans | 2 | 27 | 17 | *And a small piece of chocolate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] | /'sʌbwei/ | n. 地铁, 地道 | n an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a ci | 2 | 26 | 16 | *Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the—that looks just like you on the subway. And I wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 2 | 63 | 32 | *That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 2 | 60 | 37 | *Ohh, they’re having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn’t been helpful at all. So,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 2 | 73 | 42 | *Ooh, the pizza guy’s here!* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 2 | 49 | 29 | *This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it’s not too much trouble, please, umm, might * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 2 | 62 | 30 | *Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it’s not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 2 | 28 | 24 | *Hi. Mom. Dad. Mrs. Geller: Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my fault, I insisted on riding the tube. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#darling\|darling]] | /'dɑ:liŋ/ | n. 亲爱的, 可爱的人, 可爱的物 | n. a special loved one | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham. Mr.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 2 | 70 | 43 | *Sir?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 2 | 60 | 48 | *And I’m sure we’re all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 2 | 65 | 46 | *Oh, oh oh!! I’m sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrib* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]] | /ri'pi:t/ | n. 重复, 反复 | n. an event that repeats | 2 | 17 | 10 | *Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 2 | 68 | 42 | *As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] | /'siknis/ | n. 疾病, 不健康, 呕吐 | n. defectiveness or unsoundness | 2 | 17 | 11 | *As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be tr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] | /'ʌvәn/ | n. 烤箱, 灶, 子宫 | n. kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting | 1 | 23 | 16 | *Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don’t want to lose that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] | /'klɒzit/ | n. 壁橱, 小室 | n. a small private room for study or prayer | 1 | 32 | 20 | *Okay, if you need the vacuum, it’s in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]] | /'gɑ:bidʒ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. food that is discarded (as from a kitchen) | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Okay, if you need the vacuum, it’s in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Okay, ‘cause that’s not gonna get annoying.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newspaper\|newspaper]] | /'nju:z.peipә/ | n. 报纸 | n. a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles an | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Great! Yeah, could you bring me the newspaper?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] | /ig'nɒ:/ | vt. 不理睬, 忽视, 驳回, 忽略 | v. refuse to acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 13 | *I am, I’m ignoring you.* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Shhh!  Man, you made me lose it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] | /di'liʃәs/ | a. 美味的 | n. variety of sweet eating apples | 1 | 26 | 18 | *Um-hmm! Doesn’t that sound delicious at the last minute?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salmon\|salmon]] | /'sæmәn/ | n. 鲑鱼, 大麻哈鱼 | n. any of various large food and game fishes of northern waters; usually migrate | 1 | 21 | 12 | *Yeah, y’know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *I still can’t believe they’re tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you’ll ever see* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *I still can’t believe they’re tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you’ll ever see* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *So-so, what do you want for lunch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *I’m just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn’t have lied to him about having to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] | /'ɒbviәs/ | a. 明显的, 明白的, 显然的, 平淡无奇的 | a. easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Well, because we thought you knew!! It’s so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *How can I answer that when I’m pretending I don’t know you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] | /in'sist/ | v. 坚持, 坚决主张, 强调 | v. be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge | 1 | 12 | 10 | *All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y’know, you’re gonna spend the rest of th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y’know, you’re gonna spend the rest of th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *She said, "If I’m not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 1 | 44 | 29 | *Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappoint]] | /.disә'pɒint/ | vt. 使失望 | v. fail to meet the hopes or expectations of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *I realize that people are going to be disappointed. But, I’m sure they’ll come back when we can do i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he’s suc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *I don’t know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y’know it was always more cru* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let’s try some uh, aversion therapy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] | /'lauzi/ | a. 污秽的, 恶心的, 生虱的 | s. infested with lice | 1 | 13 | 13 | *No-no-no, y’know what? I really shouldn’t have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that reall* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo!! I’ve had the best day ever! Dude, check this out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickle]] | /'pikl/ | n. 盐卤, 腌汁, 泡菜, 困境, 讨厌鬼 | n. vegetables (especially cucumbers) preserved in brine or vinegar | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Hey-hey, since you’re the ‘fix-it’ lady, here’s a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] | /braid/ | n. 新娘 | n. a woman who has recently been married | 1 | 33 | 18 | *Hey-hey, since you’re the ‘fix-it’ lady, here’s a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *I don’t know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 1 | 67 | 29 | *Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] | /in'tens/ | a. 非常的, 强烈的, 紧张的, 热情的 | a. possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree | 1 | 14 | 14 | *That was pretty intense huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 1 | 40 | 22 | *That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Y’know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] | /wet/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天 | v. cause to become wet | 1 | 26 | 25 | *Well then we’ll get wet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Yeah, it’s in the guys’ apartment under the sink. Why?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *I do! I do! I do!  I do!  Ugh, like I can really chase you. I’m carrying a litter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it’s not too much trouble, please, umm, might * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *No no no, I’ll be nice, I swear!!!   Could you just give me the number for where they are?* |

### 低频词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| waltham | /'wɔ:lθәm/ | n. 沃尔瑟姆（英国一城市） |  | 22 | 90 | 6 | *The Waltham Residence.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abbey\|abbey]] | /'æbi/ | n. 大修道院 | n. a church associated with a monastery or convent | 4 | 7 | 2 | *Okay, here!  I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gellers\|gellers]] |  | 盖勒 |  | 4 | 12 | 6 | *Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham. Mr.* |
| yea | /jei/ | n. 肯定, 赞成, 赞成票 | n. an affirmative | 4 | 15 | 5 | *Oh yea yea, absolutely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]] | /ði:/ | pron. 你 | a. To thrive; to prosper. | 4 | 16 | 3 | *Take thee Ross...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#westminster\|westminster]] | /'westminstә/ | n. 威斯敏斯特 | n. a borough of Greater London on the Thames; contains Buckingham Palace and the | 3 | 6 | 2 | *Okay, here!  I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#postpone\|postpone]] | /pәust'pәun/ | vt. 延迟, 使延期, 缓办, 搁延 | v. hold back to a later time | 3 | 9 | 4 | *She said, "If I’m not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawn\|lawn]] | /lɒ:n/ | n. 草地, 草坪, 上等细麻布 | n. a field of cultivated and mowed grass | 3 | 9 | 5 | *Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passport\|passport]] | /'pæspɒ:t/ | n. 护照, 手段, 通行证 | n. a document issued by a country to a citizen allowing that person to travel ab | 2 | 8 | 5 | *Passport, check!  Camera, check! Traveller’s cheques, check!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiev\|kiev]] | /'ki:ev/ | n. 基辅（乌克兰共和国首都） | n capital and largest city of the Ukraine; a major manufacturing and transportat | 2 | 4 | 2 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillowcase\|pillowcase]] | /'pilәjkeis/ | n. 枕套 | n bed linen consisting of a cover for a pillow | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homesick\|homesick]] | /'hәumsik/ | a. 思家的, 思乡病的 | s. longing to return home | 2 | 4 | 2 | *So you’re not homesick yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chippy\|chippy]] | /'tʃipi/ | a. 枯燥无味的, 身体不舒服的, 易怒的 | a. Abounding in, or resembling, chips; dry and tasteless. | 2 | 5 | 3 | *That’s not why you’re going! You’re going because you hope he’s gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oneself\|oneself]] | /wʌn'self/ | pron. 自己, 亲自 | pron. A reflexive form of the indefinite pronoun one. | 2 | 3 | 2 | *This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses oneself * |
| steven | /'sti:vn/ | n. 史蒂文（男子名） | n. Voice; speech; language. | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham. Mr.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ornament\|ornament]] | /'ɒ:nәmәnt/ | n. 装饰, 点缀品, 教堂用品 | v. be an ornament to | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss y* |
| monty | /'mɔnti/ | n. （澳新口）必定的事物（尤指赛马时必赢的马） |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *And I’m sure we’re all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bridesmaid\|bridesmaid]] | /'braidzmeid/ | n. 女傧相 | n. an unmarried woman who attends the bride at a wedding | 2 | 12 | 4 | *Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawfully\|lawfully]] |  | adv. 守法地；合法地 | r in a manner acceptable to common custom | 2 | 8 | 3 | *As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taxi\|taxi]] | /'tæksi/ | n. 出租车 | v. travel slowly | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be tr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#traveller\|traveller]] | /'trævlә/ | n. 旅行者 | n a person who changes location | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Passport, check!  Camera, check! Traveller’s cheques, check!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheque\|cheque]] | /tʃek/ | n. 支票 | v. withdraw money by writing a check | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Passport, check!  Camera, check! Traveller’s cheques, check!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]] | /'dresә/ | n. 化妆台, (剧团)服装师, 碗柜 | n. a person who dresses in a particular way | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don’t want to lose that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vacuum\|vacuum]] | /''vækjuәm/ | n. 真空, 空间, 真空吸尘器 | n. the absence of matter | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay, if you need the vacuum, it’s in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next* |
| phobo |  | [网络] 照片 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]] | /'keitәrә/ | n. 备办食物者, 备办宴席者 | n. someone who provides food and service (as for a party) | 1 | 11 | 8 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tarragon\|tarragon]] | /'tærәgәn/ | n. 龙蒿 | n. aromatic perennial of southeastern Russia | 1 | 4 | 4 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#florist\|florist]] | /'flɒrist/ | n. 花匠, 花商, 花卉研究者 | n. someone who grows and deals in flowers | 1 | 3 | 3 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tulip\|tulip]] | /'tju:lip/ | n. 郁金香 | n. any of numerous perennial bulbous herbs having linear or broadly lanceolate l | 1 | 3 | 2 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chilliest\|chilliest]] |  | a. 寒冷的, 冷得难受的( chilly的最高级 ) | s. not characterized by emotion | 1 | 2 | 2 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#syndrome\|syndrome]] | /'sindrәum/ | n. 并发症状, 综合征, 同时存在的事物 | n. a complex of concurrent things | 1 | 2 | 2 | *…and that was all before 10 o’clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev inste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elegant\|elegant]] | /'eligәnt/ | a. 优雅的, 端庄的, 高雅的 | a. refined and tasteful in appearance or behavior or style | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, y’know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salmonella\|salmonella]] | /.sælmә'nelә/ | n. 沙门氏菌 | n. rod-shaped Gram-negative enterobacteria; cause typhoid fever and food poisoni | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, y’know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shovel\|shovel]] | /'ʃʌvl/ | n. 铲, 铁铲 | n. a hand tool for lifting loose material; consists of a curved container or sco | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crabby\|crabby]] | /'kræbi/ | a. 脾气坏的, 易怒的, 坏脾气的 | s annoyed and irritable | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Man, you are Westminster Crabby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wedgie\|wedgie]] | /'wedʒi/ | n. 楔形后跟的女鞋 | n. a shoe with a wedge heel | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Okay, I have a wedgie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comprehend\|comprehend]] | /.kɒmpri'hend/ | vt. 理解, 包括 | v get the meaning of something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backwards\|backwards]] | /'bækwәdz/ | adv. 向后 | r at or to or toward the back or rear | 1 | 9 | 8 | *It’s not the pants. It’s you that is backwards. And if, and if you don’t understand how important th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manhattan\|manhattan]] | /mæn'hætәn/ | n. 曼哈顿 | n. one of the five boroughs of New York City | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Manhattan does not have enough stores.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tepid\|tepid]] | /'tepid/ | a. 微温的, 温热的, 不太热烈的 | s moderately warm | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And a glass of tepid water.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#graveyard\|graveyard]] | /'greivjɑ:d/ | n. 墓地 | n a tract of land used for burials | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirt\|dirt]] | /dә:t/ | n. 污垢, 泥土 | n. the state of being covered with unclean things | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hiccup\|hiccup]] | /'hikʌp/ | n. 打嗝 | n. (usually plural) the state of having reflex spasms of the diaphragm accompani | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flaw\|flaw]] | /flɒ:/ | n. 缺点, 裂纹, 瑕疵, 一阵狂风 | n. defect or weakness in a person's character | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grease\|grease]] | /gri:s/ | n. 脂肪, 兽脂, 油脂, 贿赂 | n. a thick fatty oil (especially one used to lubricate machinery) | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he’s suc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uck\|uck]] |  | n. (Uck)人名；(德)于克 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he’s suc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hah\|hah]] | /hɑ:/ | int. 哈, 嘿 | interj. Same as Ha. | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he’s suc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crunchy\|crunchy]] | /'krʌntʃi/ | a. 发嘎吱嘎吱声的 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don’t know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y’know it was always more cru* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greasy\|greasy]] | /'gri:zi/ | a. 油腻的, 含脂肪多的 | s. containing an unusual amount of grease or oil | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I don’t know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y’know it was always more cru* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aversion\|aversion]] | /ә'vә:ʃәn/ | n. 厌恶, 讨厌的事, 讨厌的人 | n. the act of turning yourself (or your gaze) away | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let’s try some uh, aversion therapy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fergie\|fergie]] |  | n. 菲姬（美国女歌手） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *That’s Fergie baby!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dash\|dash]] | /dæʃ/ | n. 冲撞, 破折号, 短跑 | n. distinctive and stylish elegance | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Joey says you don’t really like his hat, but I think it’s kinda dashing.* |
| buckingham | /'bʌkiŋәm/ | 白金汉郡[英国英格兰郡名] |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I’m in my map and-and… * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#palace\|palace]] | /'pælis/ | n. 宫, 宫殿, 华丽大厦 | n. a large and stately mansion | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I’m in my map and-and… * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumber\|dumber]] |  | 哑的（dumb的比较级） | s slow to learn or understand; lacking intellectual acuity | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my God. You’re even dumber than I am!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nun\|nun]] | /nʌn/ | n. 修女, 尼姑 | n. a woman religious | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fewer\|fewer]] | /'fju:ә/ | a. 较少的 | a. (comparative of `few' used with count nouns) quantifier meaning a smaller num | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y’know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brick\|brick]] | /brik/ | n. 砖块, 积木 | n. rectangular block of clay baked by the sun or in a kiln; used as a building o | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y’know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#musician\|musician]] | /mju:'ziʃәn/ | n. 音乐家, 乐师, 作曲家 | n. someone who plays a musical instrument (as a profession) | 1 | 5 | 4 | *And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and…  You * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#litter\|litter]] | /'litә/ | n. 垃圾, 杂乱, 轿, 担架 | n. the offspring at one birth of a multiparous mammal | 1 | 7 | 5 | *I do! I do! I do!  I do!  Ugh, like I can really chase you. I’m carrying a litter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#residence\|residence]] | /'rezidәns/ | n. 住宅, 居留, 驻扎, 居住期间 | n. any address at which you dwell more than temporarily | 1 | 5 | 4 | *The Waltham Residence.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#housekeeper\|housekeeper]] | /'hauski:pә/ | n. 主妇, 女管家 | n. a servant who is employed to perform domestic task in a household | 1 | 4 | 3 | *This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses oneself * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whom\|whom]] | /hu:m/ | pron. 谁 | pron. The objective case of who. See Who. | 1 | 9 | 8 | *This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses oneself * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearsal\|rehearsal]] | /ri'hә:sl/ | n. 预演, 排演, 练习, 叙述, 复述 | n. a practice session in preparation for a public performance (as of a play or s | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it’s not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#polite\|polite]] | /pә'lait/ | a. 有礼貌的, 文雅的, 客气的, 有教养的 | a. showing regard for others in manners, speech, behavior, etc. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it’s not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liberty\|liberty]] | /'libәli/ | n. 自由, 特权, 许可, 冒失 | n. freedom of choice | 1 | 8 | 7 | *I’m afraid, I’m not at liberty to divulge that information.* |
