---
season: 4
episode: "10"
title: "The One With The Girl From Poughkeepsie"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E10 — The One With The Girl From Poughkeepsie

*Written by: Scott Silveri*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey, Chandler, and Phoebe are there as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey! Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe: Hey!

**Ross:** I’m sorry I’m late, did I miss anything?

**Phoebe:** Joey stuffing 15 Oreos in his [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]]. *(Joey, with an obvious mouth full, nods yes.)*

**Ross:** 15? *(Joey nods again)* Your personal best! *(Ross takes an Oreo and Joey mumbles, no!)*

**Phoebe:** Where were you?

**Ross:** Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] going to a museum [[Friends-词汇总表#upstate\|upstate]].

*(simultaneously)*

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?

**Phoebe:** Oh, which museum?

**Phoebe:** *(just Phoebe)* No, answer his.

**Ross:** Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]], and I sat near the door, so she’d have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my [[Friends-词汇总表#mercy\|mercy]].

**Chandler:** Were you so late because you were [[Friends-词汇总表#bur\|burring]] this woman?

**Ross:** No, I’m getting back down ‘cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she’s like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.

**Chandler:** How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie? *(laughs, at they all look at him)* That joke would’ve killed in Albany.

**Joey:** Done! I did it! Heh, who’s stupid now? *(He smiles and has cookie remains all over his teeth.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe are there.

**Chandler:** Hey, look at this! *(Holding a newspaper)* They’re lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.

**Phoebe:** Umm, that paper’s two weeks old.

**Chandler:** All right, who keeps leaving old [[Friends-词汇总表#newspaper\|newspapers]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]]?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can’t believe I missed it.

**Rachel:** Hey, y’know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it’ll be Valentine’s Day, then my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]], then [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]!—before you know it, they’re lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! *(hearing this, Gunther moves in)* Y’know, I want a man!! *(Gunther leaves depressed)* I mean, it doesn’t even have to be a big relationship, y’know, just like a [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]] would be great.

**Chandler:** Really?! I didn’t think girls ever just wanted a [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]].

**Rachel:** Well, believe me, it’s been a long time since I’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|flung]].

**Joey:** Well, I know what I’m giving you for Christmas.

**Chandler:** Y’know what? There’s some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?

**Rachel:** Yeah! Wait a minute, it’s been a long time that I’ve been single. How come you never offered this before?

**Chandler:** Well, I have a girlfriend, I’m-I’m happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.

**Rachel:** Okay! No [[Friends-词汇总表#accountant\|accountants]]. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don’t like guys with [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]] jobs.

**Chandler:** Oh and Ross was like what? A [[Friends-词汇总表#lion\|lion]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tamer\|tamer]]?

*(Monica enters)*

**All:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** What’s wrong Mon?

**Monica:** Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Monica:** I thought I was making [[Friends-词汇总表#headway\|headway]], everyone was [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]] at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this *(puts on her chef hat)* on my [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]]’s hat. *(The hat says ‘Quit, bitch’)*

**Phoebe:** Hey, maybe they meant to write, ‘Quiet, bitch.’

**Rachel:** Hey, honey! What’s the matter? *(Monica shows her, her hat.)* Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!

**Monica:** I mean I have not been picked on this much since [[Friends-词汇总表#kindergarten\|kindergarten]] and they had to bring in someone from [[Friends-词汇总表#junior\|junior]] high to do the see-saw with me. *(Joey laughs and Monica glares at him.)*

**Joey:** Ohhh!

**Monica:** I mean they’re trying to do everything they can to make me [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]], and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I’ve been waiting for my whole life.

**Rachel:** Well, wait a minute, you’re the [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]]! Why don’t you just [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] at them? Or, fire them?

**Monica:** I would love too, but I can’t! I mean I just can’t, you know that I’m not good at [[Friends-词汇总表#confrontation\|confrontation]].

**Chandler:** Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who’s [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]].

**Joey:** Hey, Mon! I’m not doing anything, why don’t you fire me?

**Monica:** That’s a good idea! Wait, do you know how to [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]]?

**Joey:** Good enough to get fired.

**Monica:** All right, you’re hired!

**Joey:** Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?

**Chandler:** *(he glares at him for a while)* Yes.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s office, he is trying to find Rachel a date.

**Chandler:** I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? *(Drew looks at him)* Og-ee-op, I’m not asking for me, I’m… I mean… No, I’m-I’m not gay, I’m not asking you out. I’m not-I’m not-I’m not gay!

**Drew:** I didn’t think you were gay. I do now.

**Chandler:** See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.

**Drew:** Ahh, I just got out of a big relationship, I’m not looking for any thing serious.

**Chandler:** Oh, y’know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]], that might be all right with Rachel.

**Mike:** Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Is this, hot Rachel, that you took to the Christmas party, Rachel?

**Chandler:** *(to Drew)* Oh, by the way, that is her full name.

**Mike:** Oh wow! I’m free for her!

**Drew:** Oh, wait a second! I didn’t say I wasn’t free!

**Mike:** Hey, Chandler, why don’t we talk this over at the Ranger game tomorrow?

**Drew:** Hold on, y’know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?

**Chandler:** Oh well, that’s uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!

**Mike:** Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]] Basel Hadens.

**Chandler:** Well, I don’t really know what that is, but let’s!!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is working on a new song.

**Phoebe:** Hey! You guys, I’m writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it? Monica, Rachel, and Joey: Yes!

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be [[Friends-词汇总表#snowy\|snowy]], Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!

**Rachel:** Pheebs, that’s great!

**Phoebe:** Oh, yay!

**Rachel:** But y’know umm, Rachel doesn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]] with draddle.

**Phoebe:** I know but it’s so hard! Nothing [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhymes]] with your stupid name!

**Joey:** What are you talking about? Lots of things [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]] with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-[[Friends-词汇总表#pole\|pole]].

**Phoebe:** All good, thanks. *(to Rachel)* Do you maybe have a [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]] have like a nickname that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]]?

**Monica:** Didn’t your dad used to call you Pumpkin?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah!

**Phoebe:** Pumpkin? Yeah. But did he ever call you like, Budolph?

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hello, children!

**All:** Hey!

**Chandler:** *(to Rachel)* Have I got the 50 guys for you!

**Rachel:** Really?!

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They’re buying me drinks! They’re giving me stuff! *(to Joey)* Knicks tonight?

**Joey:** Sure! Where are the seats?

**Chandler:** Wherever! I’ve got like 20!

**Rachel:** So, will I like any of these guys?

**Chandler:** Y’know what, I’m gonna uh, play the field just a little more.

**Rachel:** Chandler!

**Chandler:** Guys are signing over their 401-K’s to me?

**Phoebe:** *(shocked)* You work with [[Friends-词汇总表#robot\|robots]]!!

**Chandler:** *(pause)* Yes. *(to Rachel)* Okay, there’s this one guy, Patrick, I think you’re gonna like him, he’s really nice, he’s funny, he’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#swimmer\|swimmer]].

**Rachel:** Ohh, I like [[Friends-词汇总表#swimmer\|swimmer]]’s bodies!

**Chandler:** Yes, and his father [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invented]] that [[Friends-词汇总表#magnetic\|magnetic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] on the back of credit cards.

**Rachel:** Op, I like credit cards!

**Chandler:** See, I’m not bad at this fixing up thing, huh?

**Rachel:** Well, so what does he do?

**Chandler:** Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division.

**Rachel:** Your company has a fine foods division?

**Chandler:** It’s a big company, I don’t—if you—I…

**Joey:** Now, wait a second! You make food and [[Friends-词汇总表#robot\|robots]]?

**Phoebe:** No! No, the [[Friends-词汇总表#robot\|robots]] just work for them.

**Monica:** *(getting up)* All right, I’m gonna go to work. Does anybody have a problem with that?

**Joey:** Yeah, lady, I do! I got a problem with that!

**Monica:** You want a problem? I’ll give you a problem!

**Joey:** Oh, what are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?

**Monica:** You bet your ass, I’m gonna fire you! Thank you.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Phoebe, and Chandler are there.

**Ross:** Oh, wow! I should get going. I-I got a date tonight.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah! With who?

**Ross:** You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] between the two of them. Y’know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she’s a two hour [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right [[Friends-词汇总表#uptown\|uptown]]. Y’know she’s, well she’s-she’s just as pretty, I guess she’s smart, she’s not fun.

**Phoebe:** If she’s no fun, why do you want to date her at all?

**Ross:** Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y’know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was—if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn’t kidding, she’s not fun, she’s stupid, and kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#racist\|racist]].

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey, man!

**Phoebe:** Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?

**Joey:** *(checks his watch)* Damn! *(runs out to work)*


> [!scene] Scene: Allesandro’s, Monica is cooking.

**Joey:** *(entering from the dining room)* Hey.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey, what happened to your [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]]? *(sees there’s a burn spot on it)*

**Monica:** They [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|baked]] it. I can’t take this anymore. I’m gonna call a meeting tonight, I’m gonna fire you tonight.

**Joey:** You got it! Oh-oh! *(He starts patting the burned spot, which just happens to be over her breast.)*

**Monica:** What are you doing?!

**Joey:** It’s still a [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] on fire there.

**Monica:** Thanks. *(Joey’s still patting the burn spot)* I think you got it!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is there.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Chandler!! You have the best [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] in men!

**Chandler:** Well, like father, like son.

**Rachel:** Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.

**Chandler:** Really?! I-I thought you weren’t looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]].

**Rachel:** Well, y'know, [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]]. *(pause)* You didn’t tell him that, though? Right?

**Chandler:** Ummmmmmmm, no.

**Rachel:** You told this guy that I was looking for a [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]]?! You don’t tell the guy that!

**Chandler:** Why not?! I’d be [[Friends-词汇总表#thrill\|thrilled]] if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get—oh I see.

**Rachel:** Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]] and me putting out on the first date—oh, he’s so gonna get the wrong idea.


> [!scene] Scene: Allesandro’s, Joey is eating some cheese.

**Monica:** Hey, Joey, could you pass the [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]]?

**Joey:** Yeah. Listen uh, I’d [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] it if you didn’t call me Joey. Since I don’t know anyone here, I thought it’d be cool to try out a cool work [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]]. A Waiter: *(entering)* Hey, [[Friends-词汇总表#dragon\|dragon]]! Here’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tips]] from Monday and Tuesday.

*(hands him two envelopes)*

**Joey:** *(opening an envelope)* There’s like-there’s like 300 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] in this one!

**The Waiter:** Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.

**Monica:** Okay. Could the [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiters]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gather]] around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepared]] with a Mango [[Friends-词汇总表#relish\|relish]] on a bag—Why is nobody writing these down?

**The Waiter:** Because we can remember them.

**Monica:** Because your all gonna make up [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] specials and make me [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] them like you did the other night?

**The Waiter:** Well, sure, that too.

**Monica:** Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here’s the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, *(quietly)* tried really hard to create a positive [[Friends-词汇总表#atmosphere\|atmosphere]]…

**The Waiter:** Can’t hear you!

**Monica:** *(louder)* A positive [[Friends-词汇总表#atmosphere\|atmosphere]]! But I-I-I have had it up to here. *(She holds her hand over her head as an afterthought.)* From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the [[Friends-词汇总表#highway\|highway]]! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! *(Joey looks at the money he’s holding, and doesn’t speak up.)* Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!

**Joey:** No ma’am.

**The Waiter:** Hey! He has a name, it’s Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. *(to another waiter)* We did the hat right? *(The other waiter nods yes.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Allesandro’s, continued from earlier. The other waiters are gone and Monica is confronting Joey about his not speaking up.

**Monica:** What the hell happened?!

**Joey:** I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It’s been a long time since I had… *(tries to do the math in his head, but can’t)* 327 + 238 dollars!"

**Monica:** Joey, we had a deal. That-that’s why you’re here! I’ve got to fire you!

**Joey:** And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don’t fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they’ll start listening to all the nice things I’ve been saying about you.

**Monica:** What kinda things have you been saying?

**Joey:** Well nothing yet, they really hate you and I want to fit in.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is working on her holiday song, Chandler is sitting on the couch reading a magazine, and Ross is sleeping on the couch.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Happy, happy Chanukah, Chandler and Monica. Very [[Friends-词汇总表#merry\|merry]]…

**Chandler:** *(interrupting)* Oh, y’know, y’know what Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** What?

**Chandler:** I’m not Jewish, so…

**Phoebe:** So! Ross doesn’t really [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorate]] his tree with [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|floss]], but you don’t hear him [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complaining]] do you? God! *(Phoebe hits her guitar which wakes up Ross with a start.)*

**Chandler:** Bad dream?

**Ross:** I wasn’t sleeping.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe’s song about?

**Ross:** The one with the cat. I gotta go, I’ve got another date.

**Phoebe:** So, did you pick one yet?

**Ross:** No, it turns out that the one from [[Friends-词汇总表#uptown\|uptown]] was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought—it wasn’t that funny. So I’m still [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|torn]].

**Phoebe:** Well look, you don’t really like the one from [[Friends-词汇总表#uptown\|uptown]] and you’re too [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhausted]] from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you’re done!

**Ross:** Y’know, you’re right. Thank you.

**Phoebe:** Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.

**Chandler:** Prague?

**Phoebe:** There’s sooo much you don’t know.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is playing living room golf as Rachel enters. Rachel sees this and holds the door open until Chandler is ready to start his swing, when he is, she slams the door shut which causes the club to fly from his hands. He turns around, shocked.

**Rachel:** Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?

**Chandler:** I did! I absolutely did!

**Rachel:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]!!

**Chandler:** I’m sure you’re right, but why?

**Rachel:** You don’t tell a guy that you’re looking for a serious relationship! You don’t tell the guy that! Now you scared him away!

**Chandler:** Oh, man. I’m sorry, I’m so-so sorry.

**Rachel:** Y’know, you should never be allowed to talk to people!

**Chandler:** I know! I know!

**Rachel:** Oh! See just I’m right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks! *(She sits down heavily in one of the new chairs)*

**Chandler:** Well, y’know, you’re-you’re gonna meet somebody! You’re a great catch! Y’know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn’t have to lie once. *(He sits down on the arm of her chair)*

**Rachel:** Really?

**Chandler:** Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?

**Rachel:** No.

**Chandler:** Oh, it doesn’t matter. *(Kisses her on the top of her head.)* Hey, y’know what, I’ve got two [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] to tonight’s Rangers game, you wanna come with me?

**Rachel:** Cute guys in little shorts? Sure.

**Chandler:** Well, actually it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#hockey\|hockey]] team, so it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] Canadians with no [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]].

**Rachel:** Well that sounds fun too. *(They hug.)*

*(pause)*

**Chandler:** Have you ever been with a woman?

**Rachel:** What?! Chandler, what is the matter with you?!

**Chandler:** So there is no good time to ask that question.


> [!scene] Scene: A train to Poughkeepsie, Ross is asleep against the window.

**The Conductor:** The next station is Poughkeepsie. Poughkeepsie!

**The Woman From Poughkeepsie:** *(outside Ross’s window)* Ross? Ross!

*(she knocks on the window) Wake up! Ross! (the train starts moving) Ross! Ross!! Ross!!! Ross!!!!*


> [!scene] Scene: Allesandro’s, Monica is cooking.

**Monica:** I need more [[Friends-词汇总表#swordfish\|swordfish]]. *(to one of the assistant chefs)* Can you get me some more [[Friends-词汇总表#swordfish\|swordfish]]?

**Kitchen Worker:** I don’t speak English.

**Monica:** You did a minute ago!

**Kitchen Worker:** Well, I don’t know what to tell ya!

**Monica:** Fine!

*(She goes into the freezer to get it herself, and leaves the door open. The waiter from earlier comes by and closes the door.)*

**Monica:** Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I’m cold!

*(She spills something.) And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out! (the door opens)*

**The Waiter:** You found that handle, did ya?

**Monica:** That’s not funny.

**The Waiter:** Well that’s not true.

**Monica:** *(starting to cry)* I’m a good person. And I’m a good [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]], and I don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] to have [[Friends-词汇总表#marinara\|marinara]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]] all over me! Y’know what, if you want me to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] this bad, then all you have to do is…

**Joey:** *(interrupting)* Hey! Chef Geller! Y’know that little [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!

**Monica:** You do?

**Joey:** You bet I do! I just ah, wasn’t listening then, that’s all.

**Monica:** Well if you want a problem? I’ll give you a problem!

**Joey:** What are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?

**Monica:** You bet your ass I’m gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! *(Joey leaves)* All right! Anybody else got a problem? How ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?

**The Waiter:** No.

**Monica:** How about if I dance around all covered in [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]]? Huh? You think it’s funny now?

**The Waiter:** No, it’s really good.

**Monica:** Good! Now, take those [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salads]] to table 4, *(to the kitchen worker from earlier)* And you! Get the [[Friends-词汇总表#swordfish\|swordfish]]! *(to another assistant chef)* And you! Get a [[Friends-词汇总表#haircut\|haircut]]!


> [!scene] Scene: The train, it’s pulling into a station.

**The Conductor:** Last stop, Montreal. This stop is Montreal.

**Ross:** *(waking up)* What? *(notices that there is now a beautiful woman sitting next to him)*

**Woman On Train:** I made a bet with myself that you have beautiful eyes. Now that I see them, I win.

**Ross:** What?

**Woman On Train:** We’re at my stop. But would you like to have coffee?

**Ross:** *(now fully awake)* Are we really in Montreal?!

**Woman On Train:** Yes we are. So, coffee?

**Ross:** Coffee sounds great. *(They get up)* Wait, so, so you live in Montreal?

**Woman On Train:** Oh, no. But it’s just a two hour ferry ride to Nova Scotia.


> [!scene] Scene: Allesandro’s, Joey is coming back in with his coat on.

**Joey:** Well I guess I should’ve thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] Geller!

**Monica:** Thanks.

**Joey:** Yep! Looks like it’s gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.

**Monica:** Enough!

**Joey:** *(leaving)* Lean-[[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|lean]]-lean!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing her holiday song.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* "Went to the store, sat on Santa's [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]]. Asked him to bring my friends all kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]. Said all you need is to write them a song. They haven't heard it, so don't try and [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] along. No, don't sing along. Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah. Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross. And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be [[Friends-词汇总表#snowy\|snowy]]! And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!" Happy holidays, everybody!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（29）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 3 | 134 | 69 | *How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie?  That joke would’ve killed in Albany.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *Done! I did it! Heh, who’s stupid now?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 3 | 115 | 71 | *You bet your ass, I’m gonna fire you! Thank you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she’d have to pas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 2 | 182 | 101 | *Hey, y’know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of yea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 2 | 75 | 55 | *Hey, y’know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of yea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can’t decide between the two of them. Y’know the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y’know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Hey, what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 2 | 88 | 68 | *Oh! See just I’m right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks!* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 2 | 376 | 86 | *Hey! Chef Geller! Y’know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie?  That joke would’ve killed in Albany.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Well, I have a girlfriend, I’m-I’m happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Didn’t your dad used to call you Pumpkin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They’re buying* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They’re buying* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Sure! Where are the seats?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Yeah, lady, I do! I got a problem with that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *They baked it. I can’t take this anymore. I’m gonna call a meeting tonight, I’m gonna fire you tonig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here’s the thing, for the last two weeks I ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell happened?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *I wasn’t sleeping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *I did! I absolutely did!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *You don’t tell a guy that you’re looking for a serious relationship! You don’t tell the guy that! No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Well, y’know, you’re-you’re gonna meet somebody! You’re a great catch! Y’know when I was telling all* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Well, y’know, you’re-you’re gonna meet somebody! You’re a great catch! Y’know when I was telling all* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Cute guys in little shorts? Sure.* |

### 常用词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 5 | 56 | 27 | *I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 4 | 24 | 21 | *Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]] | /raim/ | n. 韵, 押韵, 韵文 | n. correspondence in the sounds of two or more lines (especially final sounds) | 3 | 12 | 10 | *But y’know umm, Rachel doesn’t rhyme with draddle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]] | /'nikneim/ | n. 绰号, 昵称 | n. a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person's given n | 3 | 21 | 15 | *All good, thanks.  Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that’s easier to rhyme?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 2 | 80 | 46 | *I mean they’re trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 2 | 78 | 41 | *Well, wait a minute, you’re the boss! Why don’t you just yell at them? Or, fire them?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] | /'weitә/ | n. 侍者 | n. a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant) | 2 | 30 | 18 | *That’s a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]] | /sɒ:s/ | n. 酱油, 调味汁, 酱 | n. flavorful relish or dressing or topping served as an accompaniment to food | 2 | 17 | 12 | *I’m a good person. And I’m a good chef, and I don’t deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y’kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 2 | 75 | 45 | *"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap. Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap. Said all you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *Joey stuffing 15 Oreos in his mouth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heh\|heh]] | /hei/ | n. 嗨！（表示惊异质问） |  | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Done! I did it! Heh, who’s stupid now?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newspaper\|newspaper]] | /'nju:z.peipә/ | n. 报纸 | n. a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles an | 1 | 12 | 11 | *All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 1 | 24 | 19 | *All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1 | 152 | 44 | *Hey, y’know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of yea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 1 | 38 | 27 | *Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don’t like guys with boring jobs.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] | /'kwaiәt/ | n. 安静, 闲适, 平静 | a. characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity | 1 | 19 | 16 | *Hey, maybe they meant to write, ‘Quiet, bitch.’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#junior\|junior]] | /'dʒu:njә/ | n. 年少者, 地位较低者, 大学三年级学生 | n. term of address for a disrespectful and annoying male | 1 | 15 | 13 | *I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Well, wait a minute, you’re the boss! Why don’t you just yell at them? Or, fire them?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now?  Og-ee-op, I’m not asking for me, I’m… I mean… No, I’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spin]] | /spin/ | n. 旋转, 自旋, 疾驰, 情绪低落 | n. a swift whirling motion (usually of a missile) | 1 | 19 | 11 | *Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin t* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Oh, yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bagel\|bagel]] | /'beiɡәl/ | n. 百吉饼（先蒸后烤的发面圈）；[俚]（体育比赛中）零蛋 | n. (Yiddish) glazed yeast-raised doughnut-shaped roll with hard crust | 1 | 12 | 11 | *What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *All good, thanks.  Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that’s easier to rhyme?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 1 | 38 | 14 | *Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They’re buying* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invent]] | /in'vent/ | vt. 发明, 创作, 虚构 | v. come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a menta | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] | /strip/ | n. 长条, 条状, 带, 脱衣舞 | n. a relatively long narrow piece of something | 1 | 27 | 10 | *Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can’t decide between the two of them. Y’know the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can’t decide between the two of them. Y’know the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *Hey, what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Hey, what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] | /beik/ | vt. 烘焙, 烤 | v. cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven | 1 | 21 | 18 | *They baked it. I can’t take this anymore. I’m gonna call a meeting tonight, I’m gonna fire you tonig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *It’s still a tiny bit on fire there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Chandler!! You have the best taste in men!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] | /'pɒsәbli/ | adv. 可能, 也许 | r. by chance | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Well, y'know, possibly.  You didn’t tell him that, though? Right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] | /pri'fә:/ | vt. 宁可, 较喜欢, 提出 | v. like better; value more highly | 1 | 15 | 15 | *Yeah. Listen uh, I’d prefer it if you didn’t call me Joey. Since I don’t know anyone here, I thought* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *There’s like-there’s like 300 bucks in this one!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gather]] | /'gæðә/ | n. 集合, 聚集 | n. sewing consisting of small folds or puckers made by pulling tight a thread in | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complain]] | /kәm'plein/ | v. 抱怨, 抗议, 控诉 | v. express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness | 1 | 13 | 13 | *So! Ross doesn’t really decorate his tree with floss, but you don’t hear him complaining do you? God* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhaust]] | /ig'zɒ:st/ | n. 排气, 排气装置, 废气 | n. gases ejected from an engine as waste products | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well look, you don’t really like the one from uptown and you’re too exhausted from dating the one up* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 1 | 33 | 27 | *There’s sooo much you don’t know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *You idiot!!* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Oh! See just I’m right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Well, actually it’s a hockey team, so it’s angry Canadians with no teeth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1 | 24 | 17 | *Well, actually it’s a hockey team, so it’s angry Canadians with no teeth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *I’m a good person. And I’m a good chef, and I don’t deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y’kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] | /spi:tʃ/ | n. 演讲, 说话, 谈话, 言语, 引语, 民族语言 | n. (language) communication by word of mouth | 1 | 45 | 22 | *Hey! Chef Geller! Y’know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]] | /'sælәd/ | n. 色拉 | n. food mixtures either arranged on a plate or tossed and served with a moist dr | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Good! Now, take those salads to table 4,  And you! Get the swordfish!  And you! Get a haircut!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] | /læp/ | n. 膝盖, 舔, 一圈, 下摆, 衣兜, 山坳 | n. the upper side of the thighs of a seated person | 1 | 14 | 10 | *"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap. Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap. Said all you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap. Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap. Said all you* |

### 低频词（57）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| poughkeepsie | /pəu'kipsi/ | n. 波基普西（城市名, 位于美国纽约州） |  | 6 | 6 | 1 | *No, I’m getting back down ‘cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she’s like t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fling\|fling]] | /fliŋ/ | n. 投掷, 急冲, 嘲弄 | n. the act of flinging | 6 | 13 | 7 | *Hey, y’know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of yea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uptown\|uptown]] | /'ʌp'taun/ | n. 非中心区, 住宅区 | n. a residential part of town away from the central commercial district | 4 | 8 | 5 | *Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can’t decide between the two of them. Y’know the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chanukah\|chanukah]] | /'kɑ: nu,kɑ:/ | n. (=Hanuka)光明节(犹太人一纪念节日) | n (Judaism) an eight-day Jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the Te | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#robot\|robot]] | /'rәubәt/ | n. 机械人, 自动机械, 机械般工作的人 | n a mechanism that can move automatically | 3 | 22 | 8 | *You work with robots!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#patrick\|patrick]] | /'pætrik/ | n. 帕特里克（男子名） | n. Apostle and patron saint of Ireland; an English missionary to Ireland in the  | 3 | 8 | 3 | *Yes.  Okay, there’s this one guy, Patrick, I think you’re gonna like him, he’s really nice, he’s fun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swordfish\|swordfish]] | /'sɒ:dfiʃ/ | n. 箭鱼 | n. flesh of swordfish usually served as steaks | 3 | 4 | 2 | *I need more swordfish.  Can you get me some more swordfish?* |
| orson | /'ɔ:sәn/ | n. 奥森(m.) |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snowy\|snowy]] | /'snәui/ | a. 多雪的, 雪的, 被雪所覆盖着的, 下雪的 | s marked by the presence of snow | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] | /'pʌmpkin/ | n. 南瓜 | n. a coarse vine widely cultivated for its large pulpy round orange fruit with f | 2 | 10 | 7 | *Didn’t your dad used to call you Pumpkin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swimmer\|swimmer]] | /'swimә/ | n. 游泳者 | n. a trained athlete who participates in swimming meets | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Yes.  Okay, there’s this one guy, Patrick, I think you’re gonna like him, he’s really nice, he’s fun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dragon\|dragon]] | /'drægәn/ | n. 龙, 凶暴的人 | n. a creature of Teutonic mythology; usually represented as breathing fire and h | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Yeah. Listen uh, I’d prefer it if you didn’t call me Joey. Since I don’t know anyone here, I thought* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prague\|prague]] | /prɑ:g/ | n. 布拉格 | n. the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic in the western part of the | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#montreal\|montreal]] | /,mɔntri'ɔ:l/ | n. 蒙特利尔（加拿大东南部港市） | n. a city in southern Quebec province on the Saint Lawrence River; the largest c | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Are we really in Montreal?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oreo\|oreo]] | /'ɔ:riəu/ | n. 奥利奥（商标名）；讨好白人的黑人 | n. chocolate cookie with white cream filling | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Joey stuffing 15 Oreos in his mouth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstate\|upstate]] | /'ʌp'steit/ | a. 偏僻的, 州的北部的 | r. in or toward the northern parts of a state | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mercy\|mercy]] | /'mә:si/ | n. 仁慈, 宽恕, 慈悲, 怜悯, 幸运 | n. something for which to be thankful | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she’d have to pas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bur\|bur]] | /bә:/ | n. 刺果, 粘附物 | n. seed vessel having hooks or prickles | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Were you so late because you were burring this woman?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#albany\|albany]] | /'ɒ:lbәni/ | n. 奥尔巴尼(美国纽约州首府) | n. state capital of New York; located in eastern New York State on the west bank | 1 | 3 | 3 | *How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie?  That joke would’ve killed in Albany.* |
| kathy | /'kæθi/ | n. 凯西（女子名, 等于Katherine） |  | 1 | 53 | 9 | *All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#valentine\|valentine]] | /'vælәntain/ | n. 情人, 情人节礼物 | n. a sweetheart chosen to receive a greeting on Saint Valentine's Day | 1 | 35 | 7 | *Hey, y’know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of yea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]] | /bæŋ/ | n. 重击, 突然巨响, 刘海 | n. a sudden very loud noise | 1 | 22 | 9 | *Hey, y’know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of yea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accountant\|accountant]] | /ә'kauntәnt/ | n. 会计人员, 会计师 | n. someone who maintains and audits business accounts | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don’t like guys with boring jobs.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lion\|lion]] | /'laiәn/ | n. 狮子, 狮子(星)座, 国际狮子会会员 | n. large gregarious predatory feline of Africa and India having a tawny coat wit | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tamer\|tamer]] | /'teimә/ | n. 驯服手 | n. an animal trainer who tames wild animals | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headway\|headway]] | /'hedwei/ | n. 前进, 航行速度, 进展 | n. forward movement | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kindergarten\|kindergarten]] | /'kindә.gɑ:tn/ | n. 幼稚园 | n. a preschool for children age 4 to 6 to prepare them for primary school | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confrontation\|confrontation]] | /.kɔnfrʌn'teiʃәn/ | n. 对抗；对质；面对 | n. a bold challenge | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I would love too, but I can’t! I mean I just can’t, you know that I’m not good at confrontation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burger\|burger]] | /'bә:ɡә/ | n. 汉堡包（等于hamburger） | n. United States jurist appointed chief justice of the United States Supreme Cou | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercial* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ranger\|ranger]] | /'reinʒә/ | n. 王室守林人, 骑警, 漫游者 | n a member of the Texas state highway patrol; formerly a mounted lawman who main | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Hey, Chandler, why don’t we talk this over at the Ranger game tomorrow?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cuban\|cuban]] | /'kju:bәn/ | a. 古巴的, 古巴人的 | n. a native or inhabitant of Cuba | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hold on, y’know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]] | /bætʃ/ | n. 一次所烘的面包, 一次所制之量, 一组, 批, 成批, 分批 | n. all the loaves of bread baked at the same time | 1 | 15 | 5 | *Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basel\|basel]] | /'bɒzәl/ | n. 巴塞尔(瑞士城市) | n. a city in northwestern Switzerland | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hadens\|hadens]] |  | n. (Haden)人名；(日)羽田(姓)；(英)黑登；(匈)豪登 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]] | /dʒeil/ | n. 监牢, 监狱, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custo | 1 | 10 | 7 | *What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bail\|bail]] | /beil/ | n. 保释, 拎环, 杓, 栅栏 | n. (criminal law) money that must be forfeited by the bondsman if an accused per | 1 | 4 | 4 | *What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wherever\|wherever]] | /hwєәr'evә/ | adv. 无论哪里 | r. where in the world | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Wherever! I’ve got like 20!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magnetic\|magnetic]] | /mæg'netik/ | a. 有磁性的, 有吸引力的, 催眠术的 | a. of or relating to or caused by magnetism | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#racist\|racist]] | /'reisist/ | n. 种族主义者 | n. a person with a prejudiced belief that one race is superior to others | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y’know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thrill\|thrill]] | /θril/ | n. 震颤, 激动, 刺激性, 一阵激动 | n. something that causes you to experience a sudden intense feeling or sensation | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Why not?! I’d be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get—oh I see.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chilean\|chilean]] | /'tʃiliәn/ | n. 智利人, 智利讲的西班牙语 | n. a native or inhabitant of Chile | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bass\|bass]] | /bæs/ | n. 低沉的声音, 男低音, 椴树 | n. the lowest part of the musical range | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mango\|mango]] | /'mæŋgәu/ | n. 芒果 | n. large evergreen tropical tree cultivated for its large oval fruit | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relish\|relish]] | /'reliʃ/ | n. 滋味, 风味, 美味, 爱好, 食欲, 调味品 | n. spicy or savory condiment | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#atmosphere\|atmosphere]] | /'ætmәsfiә/ | n. 大气, 空气, 气氛 | n. a particular environment or surrounding influence | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here’s the thing, for the last two weeks I ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#highway\|highway]] | /'haiwei/ | n. 公路, 大道, 捷径 | n. a major road for any form of motor transport | 1 | 2 | 2 | *A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here.  From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jewish\|jewish]] | /'dʒu:iʃ/ | a. 犹太人的, 犹太族的 | a. of or relating to Jews or their culture or religion | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I’m not Jewish, so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorate]] | /'dekәreit/ | v. 装饰 | v. make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc. | 1 | 9 | 8 | *So! Ross doesn’t really decorate his tree with floss, but you don’t hear him complaining do you? God* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|floss]] | /flɒs/ | n. 丝棉, 乱丝 | n. a soft loosely twisted thread used in embroidery | 1 | 7 | 7 | *So! Ross doesn’t really decorate his tree with floss, but you don’t hear him complaining do you? God* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magma\|magma]] | /'mægmә/ | n. 岩浆, 糊剂, 乳浆剂 | n. molten rock in the earth's crust | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laude\|laude]] |  | 劳德（人名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hockey\|hockey]] | /'hɒki/ | n. 冰球, 曲棍球 | n a game resembling ice hockey that is played on an open field; two opposing tea | 1 | 10 | 5 | *Well, actually it’s a hockey team, so it’s angry Canadians with no teeth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marinara\|marinara]] | /,mærә'nærә/ | n. (意大利烹饪用的含西红柿、大蒜、洋葱等调制成的)海员式沙司 | n. sauce for pasta; contains tomatoes and garlic and herbs | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I’m a good person. And I’m a good chef, and I don’t deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y’kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bout\|bout]] | /baut/ | n. 一回, 回合, 较量 | n. a period of illness | 1 | 10 | 9 | *You bet your ass I’m gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!!  All right! Anybody else got a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chuckle\|chuckle]] | /'tʃʌkl/ | n. 咯咯的笑声, 轻笑 | v. laugh quietly or with restraint | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You bet your ass I’m gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!!  All right! Anybody else got a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haircut\|haircut]] | /'hєәkʌt/ | n. 理发, (男子的)发式 | n. the style in which hair has been cut | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Good! Now, take those salads to table 4,  And you! Get the swordfish!  And you! Get a haircut!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clause\|clause]] | /klɒ:z/ | n. 子句, 条款 | n. (grammar) an expression including a subject and predicate but not constitutin | 1 | 5 | 4 | *"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap. Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap. Said all you* |
