---
season: 4
episode: "16"
title: "The One With The Fake Party"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E16 — The One With The Fake Party

*Teleplay by Shana Goldberg-Meehan & Scott Silveri*

*Story by Alicia Sky Varinaitis*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are there. Phoebe is stressing out about something.

**Monica:** What is it [[Friends-词汇总表#hon\|hon]]?

**Phoebe:** I-I can’t find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me [[Friends-词汇总表#nauseous\|nauseous]]! I’m telling you, being [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] is no piece of [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]—ooh! Cake!

*(Chandler shrugs, and Phoebe grimaces.) No.*

**Monica:** Aww, honey I’m sorry.

**Phoebe:** God! Ooh! What is that smell? It’s coming from the bathroom. Ooh!

*(She goes to the bathroom.)*

**Chandler:** Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird [[Friends-词汇总表#craving\|cravings]].


> [!scene] Cut to the bathroom, Joey is taking a shower and Phoebe knocks on the door.

**Joey:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** It’s me. It’s Phoebe. Listen there’s something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good?

*(Joey sticks his head out of the shower curtain.)*

**Joey:** Is it the [[Friends-词汇总表#shampoo\|shampoo]]? It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#guava\|guava]].

**Phoebe:** *(she smells his head)* No!

**Joey:** Oh! Wait-wait! *(Reaches inside the shower.)* Is it my [[Friends-词汇总表#bologna\|bologna]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]?

**Phoebe:** Yes. Yes. Yes. I can’t believe it! The baby wants [[Friends-词汇总表#bologna\|bologna]]! Maybe he wants me to eat [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]]? I can’t eat meat!

**Joey:** Oh, wait-wait! *(Reaches into the shower again.)* Maybe it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickle]]?!

*(Phoebe grimaces at the smell.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Monica, Joey and Rachel are there. Rachel is writing something on a pad, and then crumples it up and throws it on the floor.

**Chandler:** What are you writing?

**Rachel:** Well, Joshua’s coming in tomorrow and since I don’t have the [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|guts]] to ask him out, I’m going to sell him a [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] and put this note in the pocket.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah? *(He grabs the pad and starts reading it.)* Joshua, give me a call [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]], guys like you *(Pause)* never go out of style—what did you throw away?

*(Ross and Emily enter.)*

**Chandler:** Hi guys!

**All:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey, what have you guys been up too?

**Ross:** Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian [[Friends-词汇总表#doorknob\|doorknobs]] and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.

**Chandler:** Without me?!

**Emily:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|dragged]] us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Emily:** They were so [[Friends-词汇总表#ornate\|ornate]] and beautiful, I mean look at that! *(Shows them a doorknob she has.)*

**Monica:** I don’t know how museums work in England but, here, you’re not supposed to take stuff.

**Emily:** I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really [[Friends-词汇总表#lax\|lax]] security there.

*(Chandler is shocked.) It’s a joke. (They all laugh.)*

**Ross:** Bye. *(They kiss.)*

**Emily:** Right, I’ve got to be off, I’ll see ya. Buh-bye then. *(She leaves.)*

**Joey:** Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.

**Ross:** Oh yeah, she’s-she’s amazing. And-and she’s so much fun. And! Y’know what? When I’m with her, I’m fun! I even signed up for [[Friends-词汇总表#helicopter\|helicopter]] classes. *(Chandler is shocked.)* She’s leaving in two days, I don’t have to do it.

**Monica:** Oh no, two days, you must be [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bummed]].

**Ross:** Yeah, she’s got to go back to London. But you know what? I’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepared]] for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that’s it. Y’know.

**Joey:** Hey that’s what all my relationships are like.

**Chandler:** Yes, but in Ross’s case, they both know in two weeks that’s it.

*(Phoebe enters.)*

**Ross:** Pheebs!

**All:** Hey!

**Ross:** *(starts rubbing her belly)* Hello! Hello!

**Phoebe:** *(angered by the rubbing)* Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally [[Friends-词汇总表#craving\|craving]] [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]]. This [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] I tried [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|tricking]] it, I made it a [[Friends-词汇总表#soy\|soy]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#burger\|burger]] to make it think it was getting meat, y’know? And I got [[Friends-词汇总表#nauseous\|nauseous]].

**Chandler:** Maybe that’s because [[Friends-词汇总表#soy\|soy]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#burger\|burgers]] suck!

**Phoebe:** Being [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#tummy\|tummy]].

**Joey:** Hey, but at least you got that cool, [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] lady [[Friends-词汇总表#glow\|glow]].

**Phoebe:** That’s [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]]. You throw up all morning, you’ll have that [[Friends-词汇总表#glow\|glow]] too.


> [!scene] Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel is preparing to slip Joshua the note.

**Joshua:** *(coming in from a changing room)* Okay!

**Rachel:** Oh, here’s that trench-[[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] that you wanted.

**Joshua:** Oh great! *(He tries on the coat.)* Wow! Yeah, it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]].

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Joshua:** Man, I could really flash somebody in this thing. *(He goes to put his hands in his pockets.)*

**Rachel:** *(stopping him)* Oh no-no, no-no, they don’t want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.

**Joshua:** Why not?!

**Rachel:** Well, that’s because of a lot of…*(She imitates someone picking their nose and placing the treasure found in the pockets.)*

**Joshua:** Y’know, they [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] it for everybody.

**Rachel:** I know!

**Joshua:** Y’know, I wore that [[Friends-词汇总表#cashmere\|cashmere]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] on a date last night.

**Rachel:** Oh?

**Joshua:** Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.

**Rachel:** Well, [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulations]], so do you love her?

**Joshua:** No, no, no, she’s nice but, y’know, it just it made me realize that I’m just not, I’m just not ready to be dating, y’know?

**Rachel:** Huh. Well, uh, that’s uh, that’s interesting. *(She goes over and retrieves her note.)*

**Joshua:** *(noticing her)* Hey-whoa-hey-hey, what was that?

**Rachel:** Oh, it’s just an anti-theft device.

**Joshua:** Then uh, what’s-what’s this? *(Shows her the real anti-theft device.)*

**Rachel:** You need that, you need that too ‘cause obviously, a [[Friends-词汇总表#thief\|thief]] could just [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] this up. *(Rips up the note.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross is writing on the Magna-Doodle as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] your plans.

**Chandler:** What are you talking about?

**Joey:** Yeah, what’ going on?

**Rachel:** We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s actually for Joshua. *(Starts handing out party hats.)* Look, he said he’s not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to [[Friends-词汇总表#seduce\|seduce]] him! *(Hands Ross a party hat.)*

**Ross:** Well, as much as I’d like to meet Josh and [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] him, Emily and I [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t going to be here. All right? I mean, she’s going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I’ve got a whole special evening planned. So I’m sorry, no party.

**Joey:** Awwww!

**Emily:** *(entering)* Hello?

**Rachel:** Surprise!!! Chandler and Joey: Surprise!!

**Emily:** No one’s ever thrown me a surprise party before!

**Rachel:** Well, it was all Ross’s idea.

**Emily:** You’re so sweet! And I’m so surprised!

**Ross:** You really didn’t know?


> [!scene] Cut to later, the party is in full swing. Rachel is in the kitchen and Chandler goes over to talk to her.

**Chandler:** Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there? *(Points to the living room.)*

**Rachel:** Uhh, because I’m trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he’s looking over here, say something funny.

**Chandler:** Like what?

*(Rachel laughs hysterically.)*

**Joey:** What-what-what is so funny?

**Chandler:** I said, "Like what?"

**Joey:** Now that’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#thinker\|thinker]].

**Rachel:** Okay, y’know what, y’know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those [[Friends-词汇总表#cherry\|cherries]]. *(Chandler does so.)* Okay. Okay. *(She does a little sexy walk over to where Joshua is standing.)* Hi!

**Joshua:** Hi!

**Rachel:** Care for a [[Friends-词汇总表#cherry\|cherry]]?

**Joshua:** Oh, no thanks.

**Rachel:** No? Y’know, I can [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] one of these into a [[Friends-词汇总表#knot\|knot]] using just my [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]].

*(She tries to demonstrate this unique ability, but only succeeds in choking on it.)*

**Joshua:** You okay? *(Rachel swallowed it whole and is not hacking like a heavy smoker in the morning.)* You all right? *(Rachel walks away, coughing.)*

**Ross:** *(interrupting Monica and Emily)* So we should probably get going soon.

**Emily:** Oh, but the party’s only just getting started!

**Ross:** Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y’know, then The Plaza for dinner.

**Emily:** So why did you plan a party at the same time?

**Ross:** No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It’s usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I’m so surprised—good-bye!"

**Emily:** But Ross, I’m such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] parties.

**Ross:** Monica said that did she? *(He squeezes Monica’s knee really hardly and Monica winces in pain.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Joey and Phoebe in the kitchen. Phoebe is watching Joey make a sandwich.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?

**Joey:** A little [[Friends-词汇总表#salami\|salami]].

**Phoebe:** Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the [[Friends-词汇总表#salami\|salami]]?

**Joey:** Pastrami.

**Phoebe:** Oooh, yeah. You’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#genius\|genius]].

*(Rachel enters, she has changed clothes.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, could somebody give me a hand with this [[Friends-词汇总表#zipper\|zipper]]?

**Joey:** Yeah. *(He goes over to her.)*

**Rachel:** Up!

**Monica:** You changed?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.

**Monica:** And lucky means, more [[Friends-词汇总表#cleavage\|cleavage]]?

**Chandler:** Does for me.

*(Joey starts wiping lint off of her back, but goes at little too far and Rachel just glares at him. He stops, gives her the ‘okay’ symbol and walks away.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh, God! Look at him, he’s so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?

**Joey:** Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]].

**Rachel:** What?

**Joey:** There was a seen in Footloose...

**Chandler:** Flashdance.

**Joey:** Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#plumber\|plumber]] girl…

**Chandler:** She was a [[Friends-词汇总表#welder\|welder]].

**Joey:** What? Were you like in the movie, or… Anyway, she takes off her [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] under her shirt and pulls it out the [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeve\|sleeve]]. Very sexy, and [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]].

**Monica:** Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use [[Friends-词汇总表#mistletoe\|mistletoe]].

**Rachel:** It’s not Christmas!

**Monica:** Or Spin the Bottle?

**Rachel:** He’s not 11!

**Emily:** *(with her coat on, she’s leaving with Ross)* Thank you so much for this. It was really so [[Friends-词汇总表#thoughtful\|thoughtful]] of you.

**Rachel:** What? You’re leaving?!

**Ross:** Yes, we have something we have to get to.

**Joshua:** Uhh, yeah, I think I’m going to take-off too.

**Rachel:** No! You guys can’t leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!

**Ross:** What big thing?


> [!scene] Cut to later, the whole group is seated on the floor and Rachel is explaining the rules of Spin the Bottle.

**Rachel:** *(spinning the bottle)* So, Spin the Bottle works like this: I [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spin]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]], it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. *(She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther’s face and decides not to kiss him.)* All right. Who wants to go first?

**Emily:** I’ll go.

**All:** Yay!

*(Emily spins the bottle and it lands on Joey.)*

**Joey:** Welcome to America. *(They both kiss.)*

*(Joey spins the bottle and it lands on Emily.)*

**Monica:** Two in a [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]]! You’ve got to use your [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongues]] now! *(They kiss again.)*

**Rachel:** Yay! Emily!

*(Emily spins the bottle and once again, it lands on Joey.)*

**Chandler:** What are the [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]]? What are the odds?

*(They both move to kiss again.)*

**Ross:** *(stopping them)* Okay, that-that’s enough! Y’know, let’s, let’s let someone else play.

**Joey:** If you didn’t want to play, why did you come to the party?

**Rachel:** Okay, my turn!!

*(Rachel spins the bottle and it lands on….wait for it….Joshua. (You thought I was going to say Ross, didn’t you?) Rachel squeals in delight and starts a slow sexy crawl over to Joshua, making sure he and everyone else watching gets a good look at her cleavage.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!! The baby just kicked!

**All:** Ohh!

**Rachel:** It’s okay! It’s okay! It kicked once, it’ll kick again!

**All:** Oh my God!

*(They all stand up and go over to Phoebe to feel the baby, preventing Rachel from kissing Joshua.)*

**Rachel:** All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting.

*(She crawls over to Joshua and kisses the back of his knee. He feels it and looks down, Rachel pretends she’s knocking a bug off his leg.)*

**Rachel:** Just a bug.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, it is later in the party. The Spin the Bottle game is over and Chandler is making a sandwich as Phoebe watches.

**Phoebe:** Y’know it doesn’t matter how much I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#craving\|craving]] it. Y’know why I’m never gonna eat [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]]? Because it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]], cold blooded murder.

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(He takes a bite out of the sandwich and as he does so, Phoebe attacks the other end and starts devouring the sandwich.)*

**Chandler:** There’s a Phoebe on my [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]! *(He walks away, giving the sandwich to Phoebe.)*

**Joey:** Phoebe, what-what are you doing?!

**Phoebe:** I can’t help it. I need the [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]]. The baby needs the meat.

**Joey:** All right look, y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating someone and you don’t want to [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]] on them, unless it’s with someone really hot?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, totally!

**Joey:** All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you’re going to do something wrong, *(He grabs two steaks from the freezer)* do it right!


> [!scene] Cut to later, Phoebe is finishing off her steak.

**Joey:** Feel better now?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meals]] a day, I’m gonna eat like, y’know millions of [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cows]].

**Joey:** Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Joey:** Well, I eat a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] right?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Well, suppose until the baby’s born I [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|laid]] off it. No extra animals would die, you-you’d just be eating my animals.

**Phoebe:** Joey, I can’t believe you would do that for me.

**Joey:** Absolutely! I could be a [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]]. There’s no [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] in [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]], right?


> [!scene] Cut to Ross and Emily standing by the foosball table.

**Ross:** Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the [[Friends-词汇总表#appetiser\|appetisers]] and asked for our check right away.

*(Rachel enters, she has changed once again. This time into her high school cheerleading uniform.)*

**Emily:** But, we can’t go now. It looks like Rachel’s gonna put on a [[Friends-词汇总表#skit\|skit]].

**Monica:** Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?

**Rachel:** No-n-n-n-no! I am finally thinking clearly. My lucky dress wasn’t working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed.

**Monica:** Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can’t let—*(pause)*, actually I kinda want to see what happens.

**Joshua:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Joshua:** Nice uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]].

**Rachel:** Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big American good-bye [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]]. So okay! *(Runs into the living room)* Ready! Okay! Gimme an ‘E!’

**All:** E!

**Rachel:** Gimme an ‘M!’

**All:** M!

**Rachel:** Gimme an ‘I!’

**All:** I!

**Rachel:** Gimme an ‘L!’

**All:** L!

**Rachel:** Gimme a ‘Y!’

**All:** Y!

**Rachel:** What do you get? *(She throws her pom-poms to Joey and Phoebe and performs a cartwheel.)* Emily!! *(Tries to do another one.)* Emil—Whoa!! *(She falls in Chandler’s room.)* Okay! So that’s me as a [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]]! Ta-[[Friends-词汇总表#dum\|dum]]! *(Gunther’s the only one that claps.)*

*(Joey and Monica rush over to her.) Joey and Monica: Are you all right?*

**Rachel:** I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a [[Friends-词汇总表#tooth\|tooth]], it’s no big deal. I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]]! Y’know. I’m gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me.

*(She goes over to the ice and Joey and Monica follow her.) What do I do now? What do I do now?*

**Monica:** I think you’re done.

**Joey:** Okay, time to take off the [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]. *(She glares at him.)*

**Joshua:** Umm, that was really great, but I-I gotta take-off actually.

**Joey:** *(trying not to be obvious)* Take the [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] off.

**Rachel:** All right, come on, let’s go get your [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]].

**Joshua:** Okay.

*(They both go to Chandler’s bedroom to get his coat.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Gunther and Emily.

**Gunther:** Rachel is my girlfriend.


> [!scene] Cut to Chandler’s bedroom.

**Joshua:** So, this was uh, really fun.

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah! Real fun. *(She makes a decision.)* Y’know, this [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]… Really, [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothers]] me. *(She starts taking off her bra.)* Y’know, this used to be my [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y’know what they’d say? Wanna hear some memories? *(She is now violently pulling on her bra in order to remove it, but it isn’t co-operating.)*

**Joshua:** Need uh, need a little hand there.

**Rachel:** Oh no-no-no! No, I got this all under control.

**Joshua:** You really don’t seem like you do. That’s…

*(She is still yanking on the bra, but it is stuck in her sleeve. Finally, she gives up.)*

**Rachel:** Ughhhh!! Forget it! *(Sits down heavily on the bed.)* This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.

**Joshua:** Well, what was supposed to happen?

**Rachel:** Can you not look at me when I say this? *(He turns around)* I thought that if I could get you here, I could [[Friends-词汇总表#seduce\|seduce]] you.

**Joshua:** Huh. Oh, boy! *(Sits down next to her.)* Uhh, I-I don’t wear [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suits]] to work, and I bought six of them from you.

**Rachel:** Well, I’m sorry, I thought you needed them!

**Joshua:** No, no-no, no-no, my point is that I kept coming back because, I wanted to see you.

**Rachel:** Why?!

**Joshua:** Because I-I like you.

**Rachel:** You like me?

**Joshua:** Yeah! I mean you’re-you’re beautiful and smart and [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticated]]—a lot of this isn’t based on tonight.

**Rachel:** Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can’t believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!

**Joshua:** But…

**Rachel:** Oh no-no-no don’t say but! No-no, but’s never good! Let’s just leave it at, you like me and I like you.

**Joshua:** Okay uh, however…

**Rachel:** Oh, now see that’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] but.

**Joshua:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] like just ended, and I’m really not ready to get into anything yet.

**Rachel:** But….

**Joshua:** I’m sorry, I, I just need a little time.

**Rachel:** Okay.


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway, Ross is sitting on the step drinking a beer as Rachel comes out of the guys apartment.

**Rachel:** Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua’s gone so you and Emily are free to go.

**Ross:** That’s okay. She’s still in there enjoying her [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] party and uh, it’s too late to do any of the things I had planned, so…

**Rachel:** Oh, Ross, I’m sorry. I completely [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]] your evening.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] out of myself.

**Ross:** Helps a little.

**Rachel:** Is there room on that step for a [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]]?

**Ross:** Yeah, have a seat.

**Rachel:** I’m so sorry.

**Ross:** That’s okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn’t want it to end this way, y’know?

**Rachel:** Well, maybe you didn’t want it to end?

**Ross:** What do you mean?

**Rachel:** You seem to really like her.

**Ross:** Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]].

**Rachel:** Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica’s photo albums, I mean you don’t do that if you’re just in it for two weeks.

**Ross:** You think?

**Rachel:** Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] with a 28-year-old [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] with a fat [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]].

**Ross:** Hey, you’re right.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Thanks. *(He starts to go inside and stops.)* What photo album was it?

**Rachel:** I don’t know, it was you and a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#albino\|albino]] kids.

**Ross:** Oh my God! Those weren’t [[Friends-词汇总表#albino\|albino]] kids, that was computer camp! Rach!

*(He hurries inside and Chandler is taking out the garbage.)*

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Rachel:** You’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]], right?

**Chandler:** Oh-ho, yeah!

**Rachel:** Sit!

*(He does so, and immediately starts looking pathetic.)*

**Joshua:** Hi. *(He has just returned.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], Joshua!

**Joshua:** All those things I said about not being ready…

**Rachel:** They’re not true?

**Joshua:** No, they’re-they’re all true.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Joshua:** But…

**Rachel:** Oh! Oh, I love that but.

*(They move to kiss, but realise that Chandler is staring at them. Chandler urges them on.)*

**Rachel:** You wanna go inside and have some coffee?

**Joshua:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Okay. *(Joshua goes inside and to Chandler.)* Every time.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, the next day. Phoebe is busy making a sandwich.

**Joey:** Oooh, what you got there?

**Phoebe:** Pastrami.

**Joey:** Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Hey! Y’know what goes good with that?

**Phoebe:** Hm-mm, [[Friends-词汇总表#corn\|corn]] [[Friends-词汇总表#beef\|beef]].

**Joey:** Ooh, I was gonna say [[Friends-词汇总表#bologna\|bologna]], but that’s much better. How about a little of that [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoked]] [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]]?

**Phoebe:** Okay.

**Joey:** *(He starts looking longingly at the sandwich.)* Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]]! Uh when-when is the baby due?

**Phoebe:** Six months.

**Joey:** Ugh. Now if a [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]] should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right?

**Phoebe:** Not if I get there first.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 8 | 228 | 137 | *I-I can’t find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I’m telling you, bei* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 6 | 99 | 67 | *We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s actually for Joshua.  Look, he said * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 4 | 219 | 100 | *Ohh, God! Look at him, he’s so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *I don’t know how museums work in England but, here, you’re not supposed to take stuff.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 3 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, because I’m trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he’s looking over here, say something funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 3 | 135 | 75 | *But Ross, I’m such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 3 | 68 | 52 | *Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 2 | 156 | 115 | *Oh yeah?  Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you  never go out of style—what did you throw a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y’know, then The Pl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *What? Were you like in the movie, or… Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 2 | 83 | 61 | *Oh my God!! The baby just kicked!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Ughhhh!! Forget it!  This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *God! Ooh! What is that smell? It’s coming from the bathroom. Ooh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *God! Ooh! What is that smell? It’s coming from the bathroom. Ooh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Oh yeah, she’s-she’s amazing. And-and she’s so much fun. And! Y’know what? When I’m with her, I’m fu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Maybe that’s because soy-burgers suck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Y’know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *No, no, no, she’s nice but, y’know, it just it made me realize that I’m just not, I’m just not ready* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *You need that, you need that too ‘cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s actually for Joshua.  Look, he said * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y’know, then The Pl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *But Ross, I’m such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Ohh, God! Look at him, he’s so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Ohh, God! Look at him, he’s so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *What? Were you like in the movie, or… Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a tooth, it’s no big deal. I have a dentist! Y’know. I’m gonna g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a tooth, it’s no big deal. I have a dentist! Y’know. I’m gonna g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Rachel is my girlfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Ughhhh!! Forget it!  This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Yeah, have a seat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about * |

### 常用词（62）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 9 | 39 | 25 | *Yes. Yes. Yes. I can’t believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can’t ea* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 5 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 4 | 46 | 20 | *Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 3 | 118 | 49 | *I-I can’t find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I’m telling you, bei* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spin]] | /spin/ | n. 旋转, 自旋, 疾驰, 情绪低落 | n. a swift whirling motion (usually of a missile) | 3 | 19 | 11 | *Or Spin the Bottle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 3 | 38 | 30 | *Or Spin the Bottle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 2 | 67 | 29 | *I-I can’t find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I’m telling you, bei* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 2 | 65 | 28 | *Oh! Wait-wait!  Is it my bologna sandwich?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 2 | 53 | 31 | *Well, Joshua’s coming in tomorrow and since I don’t have the guts to ask him out, I’m going to sell * |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 2 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh, yeah. You’re a genius.* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 2 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] | /pә'θetik/ | a. 悲哀的, 可怜的, 感伤的, 差劲的 | s. inspiring mixed contempt and pity | 2 | 18 | 14 | *Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 2 | 32 | 24 | *Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hon\|hon]] | /hʌn/ | [化] δ-羟基-γ-氧代正缬氨酸 |  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *What is it hon?* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, honey I’m sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] | /'preɡnәnsi/ | n. 怀孕；丰富, 多产；意义深长 | n. the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickle]] | /'pikl/ | n. 盐卤, 腌汁, 泡菜, 困境, 讨厌鬼 | n. vegetables (especially cucumbers) preserved in brine or vinegar | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Oh, wait-wait!  Maybe it’s a pickle?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|gut]] | /gʌt/ | n. 剧情, 内容, 内脏, 肚子, 海峡, 勇气 | n. a narrow channel or strait | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well, Joshua’s coming in tomorrow and since I don’t have the guts to ask him out, I’m going to sell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *Oh yeah?  Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you  never go out of style—what did you throw a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] | /dræg/ | n. 拖, 拖累 | n. the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid | 1 | 17 | 12 | *My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Being pregnant is tough on your tummy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *That’s sweat. You throw up all morning, you’ll have that glow too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *Oh great!  Wow! Yeah, it’s comfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Y’know, they ruin it for everybody.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *Y’know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Well, congratulations, so do you love her?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *You need that, you need that too ‘cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up.* |
| oops | /u:ps/ | interj. (表示惊讶、沮丧、谢罪等)哎哟 |  | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] | /wɒ:n/ | vt. 警告, 提醒, 通知 | v. notify of danger, potential harm, or risk | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Well, as much as I’d like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren’t going to be here. All right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *Well, as much as I’d like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren’t going to be here. All right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *No? Y’know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 1 | 21 | 18 | *No? Y’know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 1 | 35 | 21 | *But Ross, I’m such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genius\|genius]] | /'dʒi:njәs/ | n. 天才, 天赋, 精神, 神魔 | n. someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Oooh, yeah. You’re a genius.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]] | /tʃi:t/ | n. 欺骗, 作弊, 骗子 | n. a deception for profit to yourself | 1 | 21 | 17 | *All right look, y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating someone and you don’t want to cheat on them* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I’m gonna eat like, y’know millions of c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]] | /kau/ | n. 母牛, 母兽 | n. female of domestic cattle: "`moo-cow' is a child's term" | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I’m gonna eat like, y’know millions of c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Well, suppose until the baby’s born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you’d just be eat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] | /.vedʒi'tєәriәn/ | n. 素食者, 食草动物 | n. eater of fruits and grains and nuts; someone who eats no meat or fish or (oft | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Nice uh, costume.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big American good-bye cheer. So okay!  Ready! Okay! Gimme a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Oh, yeah! Real fun.  Y’know, this bra… Really, bothers me.  Y’know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Oh, yeah! Real fun.  Y’know, this bra… Really, bothers me.  Y’know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 1 | 34 | 22 | *Huh. Oh, boy!  Uhh, I-I don’t wear suits to work, and I bought six of them from you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticate]] | /sә'fistikeit/ | n. 久经世故的人, 精于...之道的人 | n. a worldly-wise person | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Yeah! I mean you’re-you’re beautiful and smart and sophisticated—a lot of this isn’t based on tonigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *Oh, now see that’s a fancy but.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *My marriage like just ended, and I’m really not ready to get into anything yet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *That’s okay. She’s still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it’s too late to do any of the thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] | /'hɔ:lwei/ | n. 门厅；玄关；走廊 | n. an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *I don’t know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Oh my gosh, Joshua!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 1 | 69 | 27 | *Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that’s much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 1 | 51 | 20 | *Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that’s much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?* |

### 低频词（49）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bologna\|bologna]] | /bә'lәunjә/ | n. 一种大腊肠 | n. the capital of Emilia-Romagna; located in northern Italy to the east of the A | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh! Wait-wait!  Is it my bologna sandwich?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nauseous\|nauseous]] | /'nɒ:ʃiәs/ | a. 令人作呕的, 厌恶的 | s causing or able to cause nausea | 2 | 5 | 3 | *I-I can’t find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I’m telling you, bei* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crave\|crave]] | /kreiv/ | v. 渴望, 热望, 恳求 | v. have a craving, appetite, or great desire for | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glow\|glow]] | /glәu/ | n. 赤热, 光辉, 热情, 热烈, 红光 | n. a feeling of considerable warmth | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seduce\|seduce]] | /si'dju:s/ | vt. 唆使, 怂恿, 引诱, 诱奸 | v. induce to have sex | 2 | 5 | 4 | *We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s actually for Joshua.  Look, he said * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salami\|salami]] | /sә'lɑ:mi/ | n. 萨拉米腊肠(意大利产) | n. highly seasoned fatty sausage of pork and beef usually dried | 2 | 5 | 3 | *A little salami.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pastrami\|pastrami]] | /pә'strɑ:mi/ | n. 五香烟熏牛肉 | n. highly seasoned cut of smoked beef | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Pastrami.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]] | /ɒdz/ | n. 可能性, 几率, 机会, 胜算, 不平等 | n. the likelihood of a thing occurring rather than not occurring | 2 | 14 | 9 | *What are the odds? What are the odds?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]] | /'mә:dә/ | n. 谋杀 | n. unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Y’know it doesn’t matter how much I’m craving it. Y’know why I’m never gonna eat meat? Because it’s * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] | /'tʃiәli:dә/ | n. 啦啦队长 | n. an enthusiastic and vocal supporter | 2 | 10 | 9 | *What do you get?  Emily!!  Emil—Whoa!!  Okay! So that’s me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#albino\|albino]] | /æl'bi:nәu/ | n. 白化病者, 白化体 | n. a person with congenital albinism: white hair and milky skin; eyes are usuall | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I don’t know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#craving\|craving]] | /'kreiviŋ/ | n. 渴望, 热望 | n. an intense desire for some particular thing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shampoo\|shampoo]] | /ʃæm'pu:/ | n. 洗头, 洗发剂 | n. cleansing agent consisting of soaps or detergents used for washing the hair | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Is it the shampoo? It’s guava.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guava\|guava]] | /'^wɑ:vә/ | n. 番石榴 | n. small tropical shrubby tree bearing small yellowish fruit | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Is it the shampoo? It’s guava.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#victorian\|victorian]] | /vik'tɔ:riәn/ | a. 英国维多利亚女王时代的, 笃信宗教的, 讲究体面的 | n. a person who lived during the reign of Victoria | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doorknob\|doorknob]] | /'dɒ:nɒb/ | n. 球形门拉手 | n. a knob used to release the catch when opening a door (often called `doorhandl | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ornate\|ornate]] | /ɒ:'neit/ | a. 装饰的, 华丽的 | s marked by elaborate rhetoric and elaborated with decorative details | 1 | 1 | 1 | *They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lax\|lax]] | /læks/ | a. 松的, 不严格的, 腹泻的, 松弛的 | s. lacking in rigor or strictness | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helicopter\|helicopter]] | /'helikɒptә/ | n. 直升机 | n. an aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh yeah, she’s-she’s amazing. And-and she’s so much fun. And! Y’know what? When I’m with her, I’m fu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tummy\|tummy]] | /'tʌmi/ | n. 胃, 肚子 | n slang for a paunch | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Being pregnant is tough on your tummy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cashmere\|cashmere]] | /'kæʃmiә/ | n. 开士米, 山羊绒 | n. a soft fabric made from the wool of the Cashmere goat | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y’know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thief\|thief]] | /θi:f/ | n. 小偷, 贼 | n. a criminal who takes property belonging to someone else with the intention of | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You need that, you need that too ‘cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bon\|bon]] | /bɔ:n/ | a. （法）好的 | a. Good; valid as security for something. | 1 | 4 | 4 | *We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s actually for Joshua.  Look, he said * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#voyage\|voyage]] | /'vɒiidʒ/ | n. 航行, 航海, 航程, 旅行, 航空 | n. a journey to some distant place | 1 | 1 | 1 | *We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s actually for Joshua.  Look, he said * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#josh\|josh]] | /dʒɒʃ/ | v. 戏弄, 说笑 | v be silly or tease one another | 1 | 10 | 4 | *Well, as much as I’d like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren’t going to be here. All right?* |
| awwww |  | 哇呜（非正式） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Awwww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinker\|thinker]] | /'θiŋkә/ | n. 思想者, 思想家 | n. an important intellectual | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Now that’s a thinker.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cherry\|cherry]] | /'tʃeri/ | n. 樱桃, 樱桃树, 樱桃色 | n. wood of any of various cherry trees especially the black cherry | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, y’know what, y’know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me tho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knot\|knot]] | /nɒt/ | n. 结, 群, 难题 | n. a tight cluster of people or things | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No? Y’know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plaza\|plaza]] | /'plɑ:zә/ | n. 广场, 市场, 购物区 | n. a public square with room for pedestrians | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y’know, then The Pl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zipper\|zipper]] | /'zipә/ | n. 拉链 | n a fastener for locking together two toothed edges by means of a sliding tab | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, could somebody give me a hand with this zipper?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cleavage\|cleavage]] | /'kli:vidʒ/ | n. 劈开, 裂片, 分裂 | n. the state of being split or cleft | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And lucky means, more cleavage?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#footloose\|footloose]] | /'futlu:s/ | a. 自由自在的, 能做所要做的, 不受束缚的 | s. free to go or do as one pleases | 1 | 1 | 1 | *There was a seen in Footloose...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flashdance\|flashdance]] |  | [电影]闪电舞 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Flashdance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plumber\|plumber]] | /'plʌmә/ | n. 水管工人 | n. a craftsman who installs and repairs pipes and fixtures and appliances | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#welder\|welder]] | /'weldә/ | n. 焊接工 | n. joins pieces of metal by welding them together | 1 | 1 | 1 | *She was a welder.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeve\|sleeve]] | /sli:v/ | n. 袖子, 套管 | n. the part of a garment that is attached at the armhole and that provides a clo | 1 | 8 | 6 | *What? Were you like in the movie, or… Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]] | /'klɑ:si/ | a. 上等的, 优等的, 漂亮的 | s. elegant and fashionable | 1 | 7 | 6 | *What? Were you like in the movie, or… Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistletoe\|mistletoe]] | /'misltәu/ | n. 槲寄生属植物 | n. American plants closely resembling Old World mistletoe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thoughtful\|thoughtful]] | /'θɒ:tful/ | a. 深思的, 体贴的 | s. having intellectual depth | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Thank you so much for this. It was really so thoughtful of you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]] | /rәu. rau/ | n. 排, 行, 街道, 划船, 吵闹 | n. an arrangement of objects or people side by side in a line | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Two in a row! You’ve got to use your tongues now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appetiser\|appetiser]] | /'æpitaizә(r)/ | n. 开胃食品, 开胃物 | n food or drink to stimulate the appetite (usually served before a meal or as th | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skit\|skit]] | /skit/ | n. 讽刺文, 戏文, 小喜剧 | n. a short theatrical episode | 1 | 3 | 3 | *But, we can’t go now. It looks like Rachel’s gonna put on a skit.* |
| emil |  | n. 埃米尔（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What do you get?  Emily!!  Emil—Whoa!!  Okay! So that’s me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tooth\|tooth]] | /tu:θ/ | n. 牙齿, 齿状物, 爱好 | n. hard bonelike structures in the jaws of vertebrates; used for biting and chew | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a tooth, it’s no big deal. I have a dentist! Y’know. I’m gonna g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dentist\|dentist]] | /'dentist/ | n. 牙科医生 | n. a person qualified to practice dentistry | 1 | 12 | 6 | *I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a tooth, it’s no big deal. I have a dentist! Y’know. I’m gonna g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#corn\|corn]] | /kɒ:n/ | n. 玉蜀黍, 谷类, 谷粒, 鸡眼 | n. tall annual cereal grass bearing kernels on large ears: widely cultivated in  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Hm-mm, corn beef.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beef\|beef]] | /bi:f/ | n. 牛肉, 肌肉 | n. cattle that are reared for their meat | 1 | 13 | 6 | *Hm-mm, corn beef.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]] | /'mɑ:mә/ | n. 妈妈 | n. a name under which Ninkhursag was worshipped | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due?* |
