---
season: 4
episode: "05"
title: "The One With Joey's New Girlfriend"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E05 — The One With Joey's New Girlfriend

*Written by: Michael Curtis & Gregory S. Malins*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the gang's all there. Ross has a slip of paper that he throws on the ground tying to get Rachel's attention.

**Ross:** *(picking up the slip of paper)* Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. *(Rachel ignores him)* Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. *(He holds it so that Rachel can see it, she continues to ignore him)* It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but...*(Rachel still ignores him)* Whoa! *(Throws it in her lap)* Whoa-[[Friends-词汇总表#whoop\|whoops]], I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it. *(He waves it in front of Rachel's face. Then suddenly Phoebe has to sneeze and Rachel quickly grabs the slip of paper and gives it to Phoebe for her to sneeze into.)*

**Phoebe:** Thank you.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the next morning. Chandler, Monica, Ross, and Rachel are there.

**Gunther:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Gunther:** When's your [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]?

**Rachel:** May [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]], why?

**Gunther:** Oh, I-I'm just making a list of people's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthdays]].

**Ross:** Oh, mine's December...

**Gunther:** Yeah, whatever. *(Walks away)*

*(Chandler is talking to Monica and notices a beautiful woman.)*

**Chandler:** Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.

**Monica:** Just go up to her and ask her out. *(Chandler laughs)* Oh, what's the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] thing that could happen?

**Chandler:** I could die.

**Ross:** Yeah, it's-it's [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.

**Rachel:** Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.

*(Ross glares at Chandler.)*

**Chandler:** I tell people [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secrets]]. It makes them like me.

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Oh.

**Chandler:** Hey! *(Phoebe sneezes)*

**Monica:** Phoebe! You're [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]], you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.

**Phoebe:** *(in a nasally voice, from her cold)* But I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]], my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]. *(She puts her shoe on the table, and it's horribly decorated)* Pretty, huh? *(Sneezes)*

**Chandler:** All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] down. Any advice?

**Monica:** Just be yourself. But, not too much.

**Chandler:** *(gets up)* *(softly)* Wish me luck.

**Ross:** *(loudly)* Good luck!

**Chandler:** Wish it! *(To the woman, Kathy, he likes)* Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?

**Kathy:** No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Kathy.

**Chandler:** Uh Kathy, with K or a C?

**Kathy:** With a K.

**Chandler:** Oh-oh-hey!

**Kathy:** Wow! You are really good at this.

**Chandler:** Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a [[Friends-词汇总表#limb\|limb]] here.

**Kathy:** I'm sorry, you're right, I [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]], but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date. *(Joey enters)* Oh, and there he is now.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey. *(Joey kisses Kathy.)*

**Joey:** Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?

**Chandler:** Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#demonstrate\|demonstrate]] how I could get my [[Friends-词汇总表#exceptionally\|exceptionally]] large feet into my even [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]].

**Joey:** Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.

**Phoebe:** Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I [[Friends-词汇总表#sneeze\|sneeze]] in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last [[Friends-词汇总表#verse\|verse]] of Pepper People.

*(Starts to sing) Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? (Stops singing) This chick sounds good. (Singing) Smelly cat, smelly--(stops singing) Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is walking into the living room having just gotten up in the middle of the night.

**Chandler:** *(sees Kathy is up watching TV)* Hi!

**Kathy:** Hi.

**Chandler:** Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.

**Kathy:** I'm sorry, it's just this Ernie Cofax thing on in a few minutes I wanted to watch.

**Chandler:** Oh my God! That's why I got up too!

**Kathy:** You're kidding! Oh, I love him.

**Chandler:** Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]], y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...

**Kathy:** Oh please!

**Chandler:** So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.

**Kathy:** Yeah, they teamed us up as partners. Joey picked three scenes for us to do; all of them had us making out.

**Chandler:** That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearse\|rehearse]] with him.

**Kathy:** *(laughs)* Oh-oh-oh-oh!

**Chandler:** Is it on?

**Kathy:** No, but this wonder [[Friends-词汇总表#broom\|broom]] is amazing!

**Chandler:** Hey! *(Runs over and gets his wonder broom)*

**Kathy:** Oh my God!

**Chandler:** Oh! It's on! It's on!

*(Chandler jumps into the canoe and sits down. The chick starts chirping and Chandler reaches down to pick him up.)*

**Chandler:** There we go little [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]].

**Kathy:** *(laughs)* What about the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]]?

**Chandler:** Well the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] can [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]].

**Kathy:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#jeez\|jeez]]. *(Hits him)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the next night, Phoebe is finishing up her set.

**Phoebe:** *(singing, drunk)* My [[Friends-词汇总表#sticky\|sticky]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]], my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.

**All:** Way to go, Phoebe!

**Monica:** That cold makes you sound so great.

**Phoebe:** It's fun, God I love how sexy I am. *(Coughs really loudly.)*

**Joey:** Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by [[Friends-词汇总表#hamster\|hamsters]].

**All:** Ooh, that's great, I love those little guys.

**Kathy:** No, no, it's not like that. I, I work for a medical [[Friends-词汇总表#researcher\|researcher]].

**Rachel:** Well, have fun!

**Kathy:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hamster\|hamsters]].

**Monica:** Y'know what, I like Kathy.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.

**Rachel:** Yeah, she's...

**Chandler:** She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] thing about--what?

**Rachel:** You love her.

**Chandler:** No, I don't.

**Phoebe:** Yes, you do. Chandler loves Kathy.

**Ross:** Come on, Pheebs [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] off him.

**Chandler:** Thank you, Ross.

**Ross:** Yeah, he's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] right now, `cause he's so in love.

**Chandler:** All right.

**All:** Ohh!

**Chandler:** All right.

**Monica:** *(turning around and doing that, "I'm making out with someone," thing with her hands)* Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh! *(She turns around and sees Gunther staring at her and stops suddenly.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Monica are there.

**Phoebe:** So, I need to write some [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressing]] stuff to go along with my new [[Friends-词汇总表#floozy\|floozy]] voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.

**Monica:** Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Ross:** *(loudly)* So I'm going over to Amanda's tonight!

**Monica:** Rachel's not here.

**Ross:** Oh.

**Monica:** How's it going with her?

**Ross:** Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]], I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of wine, and do a little "playing" [[Friends-词汇总表#ourselves\|ourselves]].

**Rachel:** *(entering, with a guy)* Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.

**Monica:** Hi, Josh.

**Phoebe:** Hi.

**Josh:** Dudes.

**Monica:** So, did you play in college? *(She points to his NYU Soccer (football for the rest of the world)* [[Friends-词汇总表#sweatshirt\|sweatshirt]] he's wearing.)

**Josh:** Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make [[Friends-词汇总表#varsity\|varsity]] though.

**Rachel:** Ross, didn't you ah, play [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organized]] their game schedules on your Commodore 64.

**Josh:** Well, it's getting late, I've got to get to the game, so I'm gonna... head.

**Rachel:** Okay. *(He starts to leave, and Rachel grabs him and gives him a passionate kiss.)* I'll miss you.

**Josh:** Dope! *(exits)*

**Phoebe:** Wow, cute one!

**Monica:** Very!

**Rachel:** I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]] about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.

**Ross:** Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.

**Rachel:** Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toys]] in their [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]?

**Ross:** Oh! *(He bangs his fists together.)*

**Rachel:** What was that?

**Ross:** Monica knows.

**Monica:** It's this [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] our parents. It's a way of giving the [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]], without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] than my older brother.

**Ross:** Well, I'm gonna go get ready, *(Gives Monica the fist thing.)* for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, *(clears her voice and in her normal voice)* you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, *(tries to sing)* My [[Friends-词汇总表#sticky\|sticky]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy [[Friends-词汇总表#phlegm\|phlegm]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Amanda's apartment, Ross is arriving with Ben.

**Amanda:** *(opening the door)* Hi!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Amanda:** Hi Ben!

**Ross:** Wow! You-you look great!

**Amanda:** Thanks!

**Ross:** *(she lets him in)* Okay! *(to her son)* Hey Tommy.

**Amanda:** I am so glad that you could come over tonight.

**Ross:** Oh no-no-no, it's my [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]].

**Amanda:** Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]].

**Ross:** What?

**Amanda:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.

**Ross:** I-I-I...

**Amanda:** *(noticing the bottle of wine he has)* Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]]. *(She leaves)*

**Ross:** Who wants to make some long distance calls?


> [!scene] Scene: A street, Chandler is buying a newspaper and notices Kathy running by.

**Chandler:** Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! *(She doesn't hear him and keeps running, Chandler starts chasing her as the theme to The Mod Squad starts to play. First, a car almost hits him and then gets mustard splashed on him as he runs by a hot dog vendor.)* Kathy! *(He keeps running and gets tangled up in the leashes of five dogs, in desperation he throws his paper.)* Fetch! Fetch it! *(He frees himself and resumes the chase)* Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! *(He now trips and falls into a pile of garbage, he tries to get up and scream her name again but he has a piece of spinach in his mouth. He gets out of the garbage and starts crossing the street by running over the hoods of a couple of cabs.)* Kathy! *(He jumps in front of her and out of breath he says)* Kathy.

**Kathy:** Hey, Chandler! What are you doing here?

**Chandler:** Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!"

**Kathy:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Okay. *(He walks away disgusted with himself.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is telling Monica about his new baby sitting job.

**Monica:** Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.

**Ross:** Her date [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tipped]] me ten dollars. *(Monica laughs)*

*(Phoebe runs into the kitchen with wet hair, opens the window, and sticks her head outside.)*

**Ross:** Pheebs, what are you doing?

**Phoebe:** Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, [[Friends-词汇总表#supposedly\|supposedly]] they're pretty common.

**Monica:** Phoebe, you'll catch [[Friends-词汇总表#pneumonia\|pneumonia]].

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Ross:** Are you serious?

**Phoebe:** Well, how-how-how is that possible? You [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] know her!

**Chandler:** I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] person. *(he waits for a reaction, when he doesn't get one)* No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!

**Monica:** *(sneezes)* Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.

**Phoebe:** You mean you stole it! *(Monica sneezes again)* Don't cover your [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] when you do that!

*(Joey and Kathy enter, laughing)*

**Joey:** Hey.

**Kathy:** *(to Chandler)* We were just talking about you.

**Chandler:** Really?!

**Joey:** Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] with your head in the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]].

**Chandler:** *(laughs)* Right in there!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is playing Hide-and-Go-Seek with the chick and the duck.

**Chandler:** 99...100! Ready or not, here I come! *(He opens his eyes and sees that the chick and the duck are still sitting in front of him)* All right, let's go over the [[Friends-词汇总表#concept\|concept]] one more time.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey guys. *(to Chandler)* Listen uh, you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight?

**Chandler:** Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.

**Joey:** It's 4:30.

**Chandler:** Y'know I had a big [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.

**Joey:** Okay, I see what's going on here.

**Chandler:** You-you do?

**Joey:** Yeah! You don't like Kathy.

**Chandler:** You got me.

**Joey:** Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?

**Chandler:** Yeah. Right.

**Joey:** Good, and hey! My [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]]. *(He turns to go into his bedroom then stops.)* But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?

**Chandler:** Okay.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is returning from a date with Josh, and when they get the door open, Rachel turns and passionately kisses Josh.

**Monica:** *(lying on the couch suffering from her cold)* Ross isn't here.

**Rachel:** Oh. *(She tries to walk away from Josh, by he keeps holding her)* Stop it!

**Josh:** So I'll see you at the party? Beer's [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] man, 24, 7!!

**Rachel:** Yeah! *(Monica gives a sarcastic thumbs up)* *(Josh leaves)* I am soo gonna marry that guy. *(looking in her wallet)* Ohhh!

**Monica:** What?

**Rachel:** I think he's stealing from me.

**Monica:** Why?

**Rachel:** Because he's stealing from me!

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hi! It's me. And [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]. *(to Rachel)* Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]] in your leather [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]].

**Rachel:** Ughh! *(Storms out after him)*

**Phoebe:** *(to Monica)* Here, now I don't eat [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]], so it's just [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]. And there's no chicken in the [[Friends-词汇总表#broth\|broth]] either, so it's really just... noodle water.

**Monica:** Thank you so much Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** *(picking up Monica's used Kleenex and putting some in her pocket.)* Sure.

**Monica:** What are you doing with those?!

**Phoebe:** But, I need your [[Friends-词汇总表#germ\|germs]]! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.

**Monica:** Sorry, Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** It's okay. How's the [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]?

**Monica:** Umm. *(nodding her head, "Good.")*

*(Monica sets the soup down and Phoebe picks it up and licks the rim.)*

**Monica:** Ohhhh!! Gross!!


> [!scene] Scene: A nightclub, Chandler is having dinner with Kathy and Joey.

**Kathy:** Ohh, God, guys, check it out, you can see that girl's [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]!

**Joey:** Is she great or what?

**Kathy:** *(to Chandler)* So? Huh? What do you think?

**Chandler:** Ohh, she's-she's not really my type.

**Kathy:** Not your type?! She's [[Friends-词汇总表#gorgeous\|gorgeous]]!

**Chandler:** Y'know what I think it is? It's the [[Friends-词汇总表#fishnet\|fishnet]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stocking\|stockings]]. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminds]] me of my father in fishnet stockings.

**Kathy:** Okay. Understanding a little more why you're single. Ohh! Y'know, I have a friend you would like, she's really pretty. And then we could double date!

**Chandler:** Uhh, no-no thanks.

**Kathy:** Okay, I've got some [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] friends, and they're all available too.

**Chandler:** Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]. *(Leaves)*

**Joey:** *(to Kathy)* I'll be right back. *(to Chandler)* What was that?

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.

**Chandler:** Hey, look, what do you want from me?

**Joey:** I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]].

**Chandler:** I am [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]].

**Joey:** Well then, do it better!

**Chandler:** Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her?

*(Joey gives him a thumbs up) No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!*

**Joey:** Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] it down a little.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are there.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. *(to Monica)* So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?

**Monica:** No, sorry.

**Rachel:** Well where's Amanda?

**Monica:** Hey Rach, could you get me some [[Friends-词汇总表#cough\|cough]] drops?

**Rachel:** I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.

**Monica:** Ross, [[Friends-词汇总表#cough\|cough]] drops, please?

**Ross:** At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rated]] movies.

**Rachel:** Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.

**Ross:** You see Amanda and I have a very special...

**Monica:** *(interrupting)* You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby [[Friends-词汇总表#sitter\|sitter]]! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!

**Rachel:** *(laughing)* Ohh, that is soo sad.

**Monica:** And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'

*(Ross starts laughing)*

**Rachel:** Hey, so he stole a couple [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] from me! At least he bought me something with it! *(Shows her, her ring)*

**Monica:** That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my [[Friends-词汇总表#cough\|cough]] drops!

**Ross:** Fine.

**Rachel:** Sorry.

**Ross:** Here. *(Hands her, her cough drops)* *(to Rachel)* At least I made ten [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] in my relationship.

**Rachel:** Y'know...

*(She does Ross's little gesture. In response Ross puts his hands behind his neck with his arms sticking straight out and starts flapping them together.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there with her guitar.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Platting [[Friends-词汇总表#goat\|goats]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#plat\|platting]]. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treats]]. *(to Gunther)* Does it even work without my sexy voice?

**Gunther:** I like it. *(sneezes)*

**Phoebe:** Gunther, kiss me.

**Gunther:** What?

*(Phoebe grabs Gunther and kisses him. He then falls to the couch in shock.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is watching TV as Joey and Kathy are laughing in Joey's bedroom. They get to be pretty loud so Chandler turns the TV way up.

**Joey:** *(opening the door wearing nothing but a sock, and holding a dart board over the `Little General.')* Hey! *(Chandler turns down the TV)* Now, we're not actually gonna be sleeping in her, but do you mind?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, with a blanket draped over her shoulders, opens the door to a similarly clad Chandler.

**Chandler:** Can I sleep on your [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]?

*(Monica nods `Yes.' And they both walk to the couch looking all depressed.)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing, with everyone else present.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* And I'm still waiting for my paper [[Friends-词汇总表#mache\|mache]] man. Thank you my babies.

*(applause)*

**Gunther:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Gunther:** I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_

**Rachel:** No!

**Gunther:** Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#initiate\|initiate]] the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]].

**Rachel:** *(confused)* Okay.

**Gunther:** So umm, are we cool?

**Rachel:** *(really confused)* Okay.

**Gunther:** I knew you'd understand.

*(Gunther walks away, leaving Rachel with a `What just happened?' look on her face.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 4 | 155 | 78 | *Wish it!  Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 3 | 219 | 100 | *Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *Oh, mine's December...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 2 | 116 | 69 | *Wish me luck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 2 | 88 | 79 | *Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 2 | 71 | 58 | *You mean you stole it!  Don't cover your mouth when you do that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Hey guys.  Listen uh, you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *Yeah!   I am soo gonna marry that guy.  Ohhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Yeah, whatever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Wish it!  Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *You're kidding! Oh, I love him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *No, but this wonder broom is amazing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *No, but this wonder broom is amazing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights hone* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *So, did you play in college?  sweatshirt he's wearing.)* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Wow, cute one!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of givin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of givin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Yeah!   I am soo gonna marry that guy.  Ohhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a beer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbia* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Hey!  Now, we're not actually gonna be sleeping in her, but do you mind?* |

### 常用词（58）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 3 | 65 | 36 | *Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play tog* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 3 | 42 | 29 | *I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 3 | 59 | 37 | *So I'll see you at the party? Beer's beer man, 24, 7!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] | /su:p/ | n. 汤, 马力 | n. liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pi | 3 | 29 | 15 | *Hi! It's me. And soup.  Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 2 | 86 | 49 | *Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 2 | 43 | 36 | *Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jeez\|jeez]] | /dʒi:z/ | int. 呀 |  | 2 | 11 | 10 | *Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 2 | 63 | 32 | *What about the duck?* |
| eww |  | abbr. 墨西哥指数基金 |  | 2 | 23 | 17 | *Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey,  you guys should come hear me, ooh hear m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 2 | 54 | 47 | *I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 2 | 74 | 39 | *Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 2 | 73 | 48 | *Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number.  Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone num* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1 | 152 | 44 | *When's your birthday?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] | /fifθ/ | num. 第五, 五分之一 | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon | 1 | 20 | 15 | *May fifth, why?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *Just go up to her and ask her out.  Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *I'm sorry, you're right, I apologize, but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date.  Oh, and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 1 | 16 | 14 | *There we go little fella.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]] | /swim/ | n. 游泳, 漂浮, 潮流, 眩晕 | v. travel through water | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Well the duck can swim.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Come on, Pheebs lay off him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depress]] | /di'pres/ | vt. 使沮丧, 压低, 降低, 使萧条 | v. lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 19 | 18 | *So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play tog* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ourselves\|ourselves]] | /.auә'selvz/ | pron. 我们自己 | pl.  of Myself | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play tog* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] | /'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | vt. 组织, 有机化, 给予生机 | v. cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 1 | 38 | 27 | *I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have din* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have din* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of givin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of givin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of givin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Her date tipped me ten dollars.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *Good, and hey! My treat.  But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Hi! It's me. And soup.  Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh!! Gross!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Ohhhh!! Gross!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *Ohh, God, guys, check it out, you can see that girl's underwear!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gorgeous\|gorgeous]] | /'gɒ:dʒәs/ | a. 华丽的, 灿烂的 | s. dazzlingly beautiful | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Not your type?! She's gorgeous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stoc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stoc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 1 | 39 | 27 | *Okay, I've got some ugly friends, and they're all available too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] | /tәun/ | n. 音调, 音质, 语调, 语气, 色调, 气氛, 状况, 思想状态 | n. the quality of a person's voice | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Can I sleep on your couch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] | /'gilti/ | a. 犯罪的, 有过失的, 自觉有错的, 心虚的 | a. responsible for or chargeable with a reprehensible act | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't initiate the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been feelin* |

### 低频词（45）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| kathy | /'kæθi/ | n. 凯西（女子名, 等于Katherine） |  | 20 | 53 | 9 | *No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Kathy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plat\|plat]] | /plæt/ | n. 小块地, 地图 | n. a map showing planned or actual features of an area (streets and building lot | 5 | 23 | 8 | *Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#josh\|josh]] | /dʒɒʃ/ | v. 戏弄, 说笑 | v be silly or tease one another | 4 | 10 | 4 | *Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fishnet\|fishnet]] |  | n. 鱼网, 伪装网 | n. a net that will enclose fish when it is pulled in | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stoc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stocking\|stocking]] | /'stɒkiŋ/ | n. 长袜 | n. close-fitting hosiery to cover the foot and leg; come in matched pairs (usual | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stoc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cough\|cough]] | /kɒf/ | n. 咳嗽 | n. a sudden noisy expulsion of air from the lungs that clears the air passages;  | 3 | 7 | 5 | *Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sticky\|sticky]] | /'stiki/ | a. 粘的, 有粘性的, 顽固的 | s. moist as with undried perspiration and with clothing sticking to the body | 2 | 6 | 2 | *My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights hone* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hamster\|hamster]] | /'hæmstә/ | n. 仓鼠 | n. short-tailed Old World burrowing rodent with large cheek pouches | 2 | 7 | 4 | *Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by hamsters.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fetch\|fetch]] | /fetʃ/ | n. 取得, 拿, 诡计, 魂 | n. the action of fetching | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy!  Kathy!  Fetch! Fetch it!  Kathy! Kathy! Kathy!  Kathy!  Kathy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] | /'nu:dl/ | n. 面条, 笨蛋 | n. a ribbonlike strip of pasta | 2 | 15 | 7 | *Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goat\|goat]] | /gәut/ | n. 山羊, 替罪羊, 色鬼 | n. any of numerous agile ruminants related to sheep but having a beard and strai | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chucky\|chucky]] | /'tʃʌki/ | [英方]小鸡 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]] | /.ʌnim'plɒid/ | a. 失业的, 未被利用的 | a. not engaged in a gainful occupation | 1 | 10 | 6 | *But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes.  Pretty,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#limb\|limb]] | /lim/ | n. 四肢, 枝干, 翼, 边缘 | n. one of the jointed appendages of an animal used for locomotion or grasping: a | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#demonstrate\|demonstrate]] | /'demәnstreit/ | vt. 示范, 证明 | v. march in protest; take part in a demonstration | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exceptionally\|exceptionally]] |  | adv. 特殊地；异常地；例外地 | r. to an exceptional degree | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#showin\|showin]] |  | na. 领进(客等) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneeze\|sneeze]] | /sni:z/ | n. 喷嚏 | n. a symptom consisting of the involuntary expulsion of air from the nose | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#verse\|verse]] | /vә:s/ | n. 诗, 韵文, 诗句 | n. a piece of poetry | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pepper\|pepper]] | /'pepә/ | n. 胡椒粉, 胡椒, 辣椒 | n. climber having dark red berries (peppercorns) when fully ripe; southern India | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's* |
| ernie | /'ә:ni:/ | n. 摇奖机 |  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I'm sorry, it's just this Ernie Cofax thing on in a few minutes I wanted to watch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearse\|rehearse]] | /ri'hә:s/ | vt. 预演, 排演, 使熟练掌握, 练习, 复述 | v. engage in a rehearsal (of) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#broom\|broom]] | /bru:m/ | n. 扫帚, 金雀花 | n. a cleaning implement for sweeping; bundle of straws or twigs attached to a lo | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No, but this wonder broom is amazing!* |
| kath |  | n. (Kath)人名；(老)卡；(德)卡特 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by hamsters.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#researcher\|researcher]] | /ri:'sә:tʃә/ | n. 研究人员 | n a scientist who devotes himself to doing research | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, it's not like that. I, I work for a medical researcher.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] |  | a. 最滑稽的（funny的最高级形式） | s arousing or provoking laughter | 1 | 13 | 9 | *She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] | /'sensitiv/ | a. 敏感的, 易感的, 灵敏的, 感光的 | a. responsive to physical stimuli | 1 | 21 | 9 | *Yeah, he's a little sensitive right now, `cause he's so in love.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#floozy\|floozy]] | /'flu:zi/ | n. 荡妇 | n a prostitute who attracts customers by walking the streets | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweatshirt\|sweatshirt]] |  | n. 园领长袖运动衫 | n. cotton knit pullover with long sleeves worn during athletic activity | 1 | 3 | 2 | *So, did you play in college?  sweatshirt he's wearing.)* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#varsity\|varsity]] | /'vɑ:sәti/ | n. 大学运动代表队；大学 | n. a British abbreviation of `university'; usually refers to Oxford University o | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] | /'sɒkә/ | n. 英式足球 | n. a football game in which two teams of 11 players try to kick or head a ball i | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commodore\|commodore]] | /'kɒmәdɒ:/ | n. 海军准将, 船队队长 | n. a commissioned naval officer who ranks above a captain and below a rear admir | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dope\|dope]] | /dәup/ | n. 吸毒者, 笨蛋, 麻醉药物, 粘稠物 | n. slang terms for inside information | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Dope!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] | /'ku:lә/ | n. 冷却器 | n. a refrigerator for cooling liquids | 1 | 12 | 9 | *It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of givin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phlegm\|phlegm]] | /flem/ | n. 痰, 粘液, 粘液质, 迟钝, 冷淡, 沉着, 镇定 | n. expectorated matter; saliva mixed with discharges from the respiratory passag | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey,  you guys should come hear me, ooh hear m* |
| tommy | /'tɒmi/ | n. 配给面包, 实物工资制 | n. Bread, -- generally a penny roll; the supply of food carried | 1 | 11 | 5 | *Okay!  Hey Tommy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supposedly\|supposedly]] | /sә'pәuzidli/ | adv. 想象上, 看上去像, 被认为是, 恐怕, 按照推测 | r believed or reputed to be the case | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pneumonia\|pneumonia]] | /nju:'mәunjә/ | n. 肺炎 | n. respiratory disease characterized by inflammation of the lung parenchyma (exc | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concept\|concept]] | /'kɒnsept/ | n. 观念, 概念 | n. an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances | 1 | 7 | 6 | *99...100! Ready or not, here I come!  All right, let's go over the concept one more time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]] | /'jʌmi/ | a. 美味的, 可口的, 赏心悦目的, 愉快的 | s extremely pleasing to the sense of taste | 1 | 13 | 9 | *Hi! It's me. And soup.  Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#broth\|broth]] | /brɒθ/ | n. 原汁清汤, 肉汤 | n. liquid in which meat and vegetables are simmered; used as a basis for e.g. so | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#germ\|germ]] | /dʒә:m/ | n. 细菌, 种子, 生殖细胞, 根源 | n. a small apparently simple structure (as a fertilized egg) from which new tiss | 1 | 1 | 1 | *But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sitter\|sitter]] | /'sitә/ | n. 坐着的人, 坐着被画像的人 | n. Dutch astronomer who calculated the size of the universe and suggested that i | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mache\|mache]] | /mɑ:ʃ/ | n. 马谢 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And I'm still waiting for my paper mache man. Thank you my babies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#initiate\|initiate]] | /i'niʃieit/ | n. 入会, 开始 | n. someone who has been admitted to membership in a scholarly field | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't initiate the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been feelin* |
