---
season: 4
episode: "14"
title: "The One With Joey&#146;s Dirty Day"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E14 — The One With Joey&#146;s Dirty Day

*Written by: Wil Calhoun*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey is getting ready for a fishing trip and Phoebe is asking him about the fishing lures. Ross is playing with the rod, and Monica is pretty much just watching the on goings.

**Phoebe:** *(holding a lure)* So now, what is this now?

**Joey:** Guggly [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worm]].

**Phoebe:** *(laughs and picks up another lure)* And this?

**Joey:** Glow-pop [[Friends-词汇总表#giggly\|giggly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#jammer\|jammer]].

**Phoebe:** *(laughs harder)* You make it so funny.

**Monica:** *(not wanting to be left out, picks up something)* Hey umm, what’s this?

**Joey:** *(examining it)* Ohh, a [[Friends-词汇总表#hunk\|hunk]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] from last year. *(Monica drops the sandwich)*

**Ross:** *(pretend fishing in the living room)* Ohh, Geller’s got one [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]]! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! *(Swinging the rod back and forth)* It’s the classic [[Friends-词汇总表#struggle\|struggle]] between man and—*(swings the rod and knocks over a lamp.)* Someone [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knocked]] over a [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]].

**Joey:** *(going over and picking up the rod)* That’s all right. Hey you guys, you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I’m doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"

**All:** Great!

*(Chandler enters from his bedroom, all depressed and wearing sweat pants, with the chick and duck in tow.)*

**Chandler:** You don’t have to stop having fun just because I’m here. Kathy didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]] on all of you. *(To Joey)* Well, except you. *(They hug and Chandler goes into the bathroom with the chick and duck following him.)*

**Monica:** Hey, Joey, I don’t think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it’s only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?

**Joey:** Look, there’s nothing I can do for him right now, he’s still in his [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] pants, that’s still Phase One. Y'know? I’ll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.

**Monica:** What’s Phase Two?

**Joey:** Gettin’ drunk and going to a [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] club.

**Rachel:** How does going to a [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] club help him better?

**Ross:** Because there are naked ladies there.

**Joey:** Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.

**Ross:** There are naked ladies there too.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** *(opening the bathroom door and kicking out the chick and duck)* Would you give me one minute!! Please.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel is still dressing Joshua. He is trying on a pair of pants.

**Joshua:** So, these will match the [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] you picked out for me last week?

**Rachel:** Um-hmm. *(Joshua turns to look in the mirror and leaves Rachel staring at his ass.)* There we go. There it is.

**Joshua:** *(turning around)* Oh! You know what I need?

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Joshua:** Gloves. Brown, leather dress [[Friends-词汇总表#glove\|gloves]].

**Rachel:** Oh, okay. Uhh, well let’s see. *(Grabs his hand.)* You’re about—well uh, this one is large. And this one—*(Grabs the other hand.)*

**Joshua:** Also large?

**Rachel:** Yeah! Okay, two larges coming right up!

**Joshua:** Okay. Mr. Waltham: *(entering)* Rachel! Could I have a moment?

**Rachel:** Yes. Mr. Waltham: I-I was wondering, my [[Friends-词汇总表#niece\|niece]] you see is in from London—well Shropshire really but y’know—well she’s about your age I say. Anyway I have [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] for the [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]], Die Fledermaus, and I was wondering if you’d like to keep her company this evening?

**Rachel:** Sure. You got it. Great! Mr. Waltham: Oh, good.

**Rachel:** Me, Fledermaus, great. I really—*(motions to Joshua.)* Mr. Waltham: Ohh! Yes of course, thank you, thank you, thank you so very much.

**Joshua:** So…*(Holds out his hands as to say, "Where are my gloves?")*

**Rachel:** So? *(She puts her hands in his, totally forgetting about the gloves, and hoping for something more intimate.)*

**Joshua:** Gloves?

**Rachel:** Ohh! Right! Right, sorry, I’ll be right back!

**Joshua:** Uhh, actually y’know what, I kinda—I have to take off.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Joshua:** But, I was [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]]; do you have any plans for tonight?

**Rachel:** No! Nothing!

**Joshua:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invested]] in this night-club and it’s opening tonight, would you like to come?

**Rachel:** Yeah! That would be great!

**Joshua:** You’re into hardcore S&M right?

**Rachel:** *(shocked)* Well, I-I guess—I…

**Joshua:** Kidding! *(Rachel is relived)* I’m gonna get there early, but I’m going to put you on the V.I.P list, okay? Look for me.

**Rachel:** Yeah, great, you [[Friends-词汇总表#betcha\|betcha]]! Mr. Waltham: *(entering)* I almost forget the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]], didn’t I?

**Rachel:** What? Mr. Waltham: For you and Emily, tonight, Die Fledermaus.

**Rachel:** Oh. Oh, right. Mr. Waltham: I think you’ll like it, it has two out of the three [[Friends-词汇总表#tenor\|tenors]].

**Rachel:** Oh yay!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is in his sweats flinging playing cards into a pot.

**Chandler:** Y’know, I can’t believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I’m never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] pants!

**Ross:** Come on, man! Just-just take the [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweats]] off. Okay? Just take ‘em off and we’ll have some fun.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey-hey!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Ross:** Catch any big fish? *(Phoebe, Ross, and Monica all go over to him.)*

**Joey:** Oh my God, you guys have no idea.

**All:** *(they all recoil from the smell emanating from him)* Oh! God! Wow!

**Monica:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]]!

**Ross:** Are you kidding?!

**Joey:** Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] in that big [[Friends-词汇总表#tub\|tub]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worms]] at the [[Friends-词汇总表#bait\|bait]] stand! Hey, how-how’s he doing?

**Ross:** He hasn’t gotten out of that chair in two days.

**Joey:** *(goes over to Chandler)* Hey buddy! How’s it going?

*(Chandler imitates retching and gets out of the chair.)*

**Joey:** *(To the rest of the gang)* Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I’ve got to go [[Friends-词汇总表#memorise\|memorise]] my lines. *(Starts to go his bedroom)* Me and Charlton Heston [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey, Monica!

**Monica:** Uh-oh, what’s the matter?

**Rachel:** Ohh, it’s Joshua invited me to this [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his [[Friends-词汇总表#niece\|niece]] to this [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] old [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]]. So… What are you gonna do?

**Monica:** I don’t know sweetie.

**Rachel:** No! Help me!

**Monica:** I can’t! I have to work!

**Rachel:** Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** I would, but I get my morning [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] in the evening.

**Rachel:** Ugh!

**Phoebe:** Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.

**Rachel:** Ohh, [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]]. You guys, come on, this is—I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y’know the "Wouldn’t it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?

**Monica:** No, Chandler’s still in Phase One, and Joey’s that thing you smell.

**Rachel:** Ohh! *(Realises that Ross is in the room.)* Hi!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Rachel:** So….

**Ross:** No.

**Rachel:** Ohhhh, come on!!!

*(There’s a knock on the door.)*

**Monica:** I think she’s here.

**Rachel:** No! Wait! Wait-wait! Ross, please!

**Ross:** You want me to take some girl I’ve never met to the [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] so you can go to a club and [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] with some guy, hmm, that-that is a [[Friends-词汇总表#toughie\|toughie]].

**Monica:** *(looking out the peephole)* Ohh, she’s looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can’t see people through that little [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]], can you? *(Goes back to the door.)* Hello!

**Woman:** Hello! *(Monica screams)*

**Rachel:** I’ll be right there! *(to Ross)* Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we’ve gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?

**Ross:** All right, I’ll do it.

**Rachel:** Oh thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you! *(Monica opens the door.)* Emily?

**Emily:** Yes.

**Rachel:** I’m Rachel Green.

**Emily:** Thank [[Friends-词汇总表#goodness\|goodness]].

**Rachel:** There’s been a [[Friends-词汇总表#teeny\|teeny]]-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I’m not free tonight. So…

**Emily:** Really?! Well, that’s just [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]], isn’t it? I must’ve missed your call, even though I didn’t leave the flat all day.

**Rachel:** Oh well, no I…

**Emily:** Oh, no-no-no, that’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]]! It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down by one of your [[Friends-词汇总表#wiener\|wiener]] carts, and been [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]]-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who’s got a [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] full of [[Friends-词汇总表#cocaine\|cocaine]] stuffed up their [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]].

**Monica:** I-I-I think you look great.

**Emily:** Good night, it was very nice to meet you all. *(Storms out.)*

*(Pause)*

**Rachel:** I’ll get her.

**Ross:** Please [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]].

**Phoebe:** Don’t you just love the way they talk?!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, the next morning, Monica and Phoebe are eating breakfast.

**Phoebe:** Ohh!

**Monica:** What?

**Phoebe:** It kicked! I think the baby kicked!

**Monica:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** Oh no wait, oh no, the [[Friends-词汇总表#elastic\|elastic]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|busted]].

**Joey:** *(running from his bedroom)* Oh my God! I [[Friends-词汇总表#oversleep\|overslept]]! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!

**Monica:** Oh wait, Joey, you can’t go like that! You [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]]!

**Joey:** Look, I know I feel [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] before I could shower and now I don’t have time! They’re just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.

**Monica:** Yeah. Run ten blocks, that’ll help the smell.

*(He opens the door to reveal Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Hey—whoa, [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] down. *(Gets a whiff of him)* No, keep moving. *(Joey runs off.)* Wow!

**Monica:** So? How did it go with Joshua last night?

**Rachel:** Well, I didn’t see Joshua last night, but I did [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] a girl in the face.

**Monica:** What?

**Phoebe:** Why?

**Rachel:** The whole night was [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]], it was [[Friends-词汇总表#pour\|pouring]] down [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]], and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.

**Phoebe:** Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?

**Rachel:** No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overheard]] us and she was all, "I’m Rachel Greep! I’m Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.

**Monica:** So you hit her in the face?

**Rachel:** No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my [[Friends-词汇总表#umbrella\|umbrella]], so I [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clocked]] her. Ohhh! I can’t believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] and start falling in love with me.

**Phoebe:** *(going over to comfort her)* Aww, Pheebs.

**Rachel:** Honey, that’s you’re name.

**Phoebe:** That’s short for Phoebe?! I thought that was just what we called each other!

*(Chandler enters from his bedroom.)*

**Monica:** Hey! You’re wearing pants!

**Chandler:** That’s right! Where are the guys? I’m ready to get drunk and see some [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|strippers]].

**Monica:** It’s 9:30 in the morning!

**Chandler:** They got a breakfast [[Friends-词汇总表#buffet\|buffet]].

*(The phone rings and Monica answers it.)*

**Monica:** Hello. *(Listens)* Oh, hey Ross!

**Chandler:** Ooh, let me talk to him!

**Monica:** Oh-oh, my God!

**Chandler:** Well, can I just…

**Monica:** *(to Chandler)* Shh!! *(On phone)* Wait, what?

**Chandler:** She’s shhing me! It’s my phone and she’s shhing me!

**Phoebe:** Shhh!! Please! What’s he saying?

**Monica:** He’s with Emily at a Bed and Breakfast in Vermont!

**Phoebe:** What? Oh my God!

**Rachel:** What? Who the hell is Emily—*(realises)* noooo!!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, scene continued from earlier.

**Rachel:** They’re in Vermont!! How could this happen?! *(She waves her arms franticly and hits Chandler.)*

**Chandler:** Ow!

**Rachel:** How—how did end up in Vermont with that [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] [[Friends-词汇总表#witch\|witch]]?! *(She hits Chandler again.)*

**Chandler:** Maybe, she doesn’t hit him all the time.


> [!scene] cut to Ross in Vermont, talking on the phone.

**Ross:** When we first met her, she was [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soaking]], her feet were [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]]! Who wouldn’t be [[Friends-词汇总表#miserable\|miserable]]? I’m telling you when I got her into a [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]], she was a totally different person.

**Emily:** *(rushing in)* Ross! Come quickly! There’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#deer\|deer]] just outside eating [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] from the [[Friends-词汇总表#orchard\|orchard]]!

**Ross:** I’ve gotta go, there’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#deer\|deer]] just outside eating [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] from the [[Friends-词汇总表#orchard\|orchard]]! *(He hangs up and runs out.)*


> [!scene] cut back to Chandler and Joey’s.

**Monica:** He had to go, there’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#deer\|deer]] just outside eating [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] from the [[Friends-词汇总表#orchard\|orchard]].

**Rachel:** I don’t get this! She was [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]! *(She hits Chandler, yet again.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, I’m going to go stand over there. *(Points and moves into the living room.)*

**Monica:** Why do you care so much anyway?

**Rachel:** I don’t care! All right, y’know what I’m just upset that I’m getting [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] with Joshua that—y’know what still, you do not meet someone and go [[Friends-词汇总表#flit\|flitting]] off to Vermont!

**Monica:** Well, when you first met Barry, you [[Friends-词汇总表#flit\|flitted]] off to Vail.

**Rachel:** Oh, y’know, would you just for once, not remember every…little…thing!! *(Storms out.)*

**Chandler:** So y’know, uh, when’s he getting back?

**Monica:** A couple of days.

**Chandler:** Y’know, I knew something like this was going to happen. *(He starts to take off his pants, revealing that he is still wearing his sweat pants.)*

**Monica:** What are you doing?! Chandler! You can’t just go back a phase!

**Chandler:** Yes you can. You’re thinking about time, you can’t go back in time.

**Phoebe:** Well, look, why don’t you just, why don’t you do your Phase Two [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] club thing with us.

**Monica:** Yeah, come on, we can be guys!

**Chandler:** *(laughs)* No you can’t.

**Phoebe:** Come on! Let us be guys! Maybe we want to be guys!

**Chandler:** You don’t want to be guys, you’d be all [[Friends-词汇总表#hairy\|hairy]] and wouldn’t live as long. *(Starts to go to his bedroom)*

**Phoebe:** Y’know you, you just stop being such a [[Friends-词汇总表#wuss\|wuss]] and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!

**Chandler:** Okay. *(Starts to cry)*

**Phoebe:** I’m sorry. *(Goes and hugs him)*


> [!scene] Scene: Silvercup Studios, Joey is just arriving for his scene.

**Joey:** *(rushing in)* Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I’m here! I’m here! The A.D: Calm down, we got time, we’re running a little late.

*(Just then, Charlton Heston walks out of his dressing room and starts eating a liquorice whip.)*

**Joey:** Look at that, Charlton Heston eating a [[Friends-词汇总表#liquorice\|liquorice]] [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]]! The A.D: Yeah, we loves ‘em. I’ve never seen him with—*(He gets a whiff of Joey and starts smelling around.)*

**Joey:** *(trying to act like he’s not the one that stinks.)* Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad? The A.D: You.

**Joey:** Y’know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is? The A.D: You?

**Joey:** No-no, it’s uh, it’s Heston. The A.D: What?

**Joey:** Yeah, the man [[Friends-词汇总表#wreak\|wreaks]]! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some [[Friends-词汇总表#liquorice\|liquorice]]. The A.D: There’s no way he smells, he’s the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.

**Joey:** Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be? The A.D: The one with "Heston" on it.

**Joey:** Interesting.


> [!scene] Scene: A strip club, the girls are there with Chandler, who isn’t enjoying himself.

**Monica:** *(coming back to the stage and sitting next to Chandler)* Okay, I’ve got some Ones, you wanna put them in her [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panties]]?

**Chandler:** No thanks, Mom!

*(A man sits down next to Phoebe and lights up a cigarette.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, ‘cause I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**The Cigarette Smoking Guy:** *(No, not the Cigarette Smoking Man from The X-Files.)* Well, maybe you and your baby should go to another strip club.

**Phoebe:** Ha-ha, it’s not my baby, ha-ha-ha! *(He leaves.)*

*(The dancer finishes and everyone claps.)*

**Monica:** Very good, *(getting up and sliding a One into the dancer’s hot pants)* so good.

**Phoebe:** *(doing the same)* I really, really enjoyed it. Very [[Friends-词汇总表#exotic\|exotic]].

**Rachel:** *(joining them)* Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn’t call. I mean you’d think he’d be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!

**Phoebe:** Come on! Look where you are!!

**Monica:** *(to the waitress)* When you get a sec, another round of [[Friends-词汇总表#daiquiri\|daiquiris]].

**Phoebe:** Remember, a [[Friends-词汇总表#virgin\|virgin]] for me please.

**Monica:** Oh! And don’t let me leave without getting the name of that [[Friends-词汇总表#carpet\|carpet]] guy.

**Chandler:** Ahh, come on! Y’know what—y’know what, I think I’m just gonna go home and call Kathy.

**Phoebe:** Well, if you think it will help.

**Chandler:** No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I’m gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I’m gonna get so drunk, I’m gonna wanna call Janice

**Phoebe:** You should! How is she?

**Chandler:** Ohhh!!

**Monica:** I think somebody needs another [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] dance. *(Motions for one.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Silvercup studios, Joey is taking a shower in Charlton Heston’s dressing room. Heston enters the room, Joey panics, and walks over to the shower and confronts Joey about the use of his shower.

**Charlton Heston:** Hello! Who’s in there? *(He opens to curtain to reveal a naked and wet Joey.)*

**Joey:** How ya doin’?

**Charlton Heston:** Who in the hell are you?

**Joey:** I guess you wouldn’t believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?

**Charlton Heston:** Put some pants on kid so I can kick your butt.

**Joey:** No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I’m an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I’m doing a scene with you today, and well, I [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]].

**Charlton Heston:** *(shocked)* You’re in this picture?

**Joey:** Yeah-yeah, I’m one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cops]] that won’t work with you ‘cause you a lose [[Friends-词汇总表#cannon\|cannon]]. Anyway, look, I’m really sorry, but I [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]]!

**Charlton Heston:** Joey, right?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Charlton Heston:** *(tosses him a towel, motions for him to get out of the shower and sits down on the couch)* Every actor at one time or another—opp! *(Joey tries to sit down next to him and Heston makes him sit somewhere else.)* Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won’t even watch himself.

**Joey:** Oh no-no-no, you don’t understand…

**Charlton Heston:** Listen to me!

**Joey:** Oh yeah, yeah.

**Charlton Heston:** I don’t know one actor worth his salt that didn’t say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!

**Joey:** Yes [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]! Yes sir, I’m-I’m—*(he starts to leave)*

**Charlton Heston:** Wait a minute! Take your pants.

**Joey:** Yeah. Oh, yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are returning from the strip club.

**Monica:** So, we did okay at the [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] club, right?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the [[Friends-词汇总表#hottest\|hottest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]] [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] there is [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quitting]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] the third grade!

**Rachel:** *(entering)* I can’t believe it! He still hasn’t called.

**Phoebe:** Who, Josh?

**Rachel:** It’s Joshua.

**Monica:** What, he doesn’t like Josh?

**Rachel:** No, I don’t.

**Chandler:** All right, well I’m gonna put my [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweats]] back on.

**Phoebe:** Oh no! Wait! Wait! Okay, y’know what, you were right, you were right. We really weren’t great at being guys, but you know why? Because we’re girls.

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** And do you know what girls are really good at?

**Chandler:** Stripping!

**Phoebe:** No, listening! Sit! Y’know, maybe it would just really, really help if you would just talk.

**Rachel:** Yeah, come on! What’s going in on in there? *(Pats his chest.)*

**Monica:** Yeah. And y’know, if you wanna cry, that’s okay too.

**Chandler:** Okay, look, I’m gonna have to ask you all to leave.

**Monica:** Come on! Chandler!

**Chandler:** Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|strippers]] were [[Friends-词汇总表#insanely\|insanely]] hot, and I couldn’t picture myself with any of them.

*(Sits back in disgust.)*

**Monica:** They really were pretty, weren’t they? *(Rachel and Phoebe both agree)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I really liked that [[Friends-词汇总表#fighter\|fighter]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pilot\|pilot]] one.

**Monica:** Oh, Candy! She was so [[Friends-词汇总表#spunky\|spunky]]!

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Y’know, I think if I were going to be with a woman. *(Chandler is intrigued.)* It’d, it’d be with someone like Michelle, she was so oh, she was so [[Friends-词汇总表#petite\|petite]].

**Rachel:** See, I don’t know, for me it would have to Chantal.

**Monica:** Oh, Chantal!

**Rachel:** Oh my [[Friends-词汇总表#goodness\|goodness]], she had the [[Friends-词汇总表#smoothest\|smoothest]] skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and [[Friends-词汇总表#graze\|grazed]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#thigh\|thigh]]…

**Chandler:** *(jumping up)* Phase Three! I just [[Friends-词汇总表#achieve\|achieved]] Phase Three!

**Monica:** Really?!

**Chandler:** I am totally picturing you with all those women!

**Monica:** That’s-that’s not Phase Three.

**Chandler:** Well, I’m there too!

**Rachel:** Well, are we all together? Like in a group?

**Chandler:** Stop it! You’re killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!

**Phoebe:** Oh! What is that? What is that?

**Chandler:** Where I don’t want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|strippers]] and my friends!!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the gang is there, minus Ross. Chandler is trying to cheer Joey up about missing Phase Two.

**Chandler:** Come on, let me see that [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]].

**Joey:** I don’t wanna.

**Chandler:** Please?

**Joey:** I wanted to go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] club!

**Chandler:** I know, I know, but you’re gonna have [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] of chances. There are [[Friends-词汇总表#literally\|literally]] [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousands]] of women out there just waiting to [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] me over.

**Joey:** Yeah, all right. *(Ross enters.)*

**Monica:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey—ooh so, how was Vermont?

**Ross:** Emily is…incredible. I mean there-there are no words to [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. *(Sees Rachel coming back from the bathroom.)* Oh! And you! Rach!

**Rachel:** Oh, hey!

**Ross:** Hey! You were so right!

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.

**Rachel:** Oh, hmm.

**Ross:** I mean, I, I-I [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] I-I wasn’t quite there. Y’know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy…

**Rachel:** Joshua.

**Ross:** Joshua…guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda…y’know.

**Rachel:** Yeah, I…

**Ross:** But now! I’m there! I’m totally there! I’m-I’m finally where you are!

**Rachel:** Oh, thank [[Friends-词汇总表#goodness\|goodness]]!

**Ross:** Yeah, and-and thank you for Emily.

**Rachel:** Oh, no problem. I’m so glad I could help. Happy for you. *(She playfully punches him.)*

**Ross:** Happy for you. *(He punches her back.)*

**Rachel:** No, happy for you! *(Hits him harder.)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is there and is getting ready to direct a bunch of strippers, Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe on what to do in the upcoming orgy of lesbian lust. Yes, it’s a dream sequence, this isn’t cable.

**Chandler:** All right ladies, here’s what we’re gonna do. *(Points to a stripper.)* You are gonna take off my clothes. *(To another two strippers)* You two, go get the oils. *(To another stripper)* And you just [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] at the top of your voice, "Chandler’s the king! Chandler’s the king!"

**Phoebe:** I-I wanna be with her, *(points to the stripper next to her)* I like her.

**Chandler:** Oh, that’s fine! Go with your [[Friends-词汇总表#instinct\|instincts]], go with your instincts.

**Monica:** Wait, now, what am I doing again?

**Chandler:** Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!

**The Cigarette Guy:** Hi, I’m Joshua, I’m here to pick up Rachel.

**Rachel:** No-no-no, that’ not Joshua.

**Chandler:** What do you want from me, I’ve never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I’m sorry you can’t stay, *(Rachel is upset about leaving the orgy with the cigarette guy.)* but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. *(The cigarette guy starts rubbing Chandler’s back.)* What are you doing? *(The guy just nods)* All right, listen, I’ve got to wake up!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 4 | 168 | 121 | *Gettin’ drunk and going to a strip club.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 4 | 217 | 128 | *Yes. Mr. Waltham: I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London—well Shropshire really but y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 4 | 73 | 50 | *Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait sta* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 4 | 228 | 137 | *Ross! Come quickly! There’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 3 | 132 | 68 | *Look, there’s nothing I can do for him right now, he’s still in his sweat pants, that’s still Phase * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 3 | 136 | 99 | *Because there are naked ladies there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 3 | 279 | 145 | *When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn’t be miserable? I’m telling yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 3 | 109 | 68 | *Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad? The A.D: You.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *That’s all right. Hey you guys, you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Oh, okay. Uhh, well let’s see.  You’re about—well uh, this one is large. And this one—* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 2 | 99 | 84 | *Yes. Mr. Waltham: I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London—well Shropshire really but y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Well, I-I guess—I…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Kidding!  I’m gonna get there early, but I’m going to put you on the V.I.P list, okay? Look for me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Yeah, great, you betcha! Mr. Waltham:  I almost forget the tickets, didn’t I?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 2 | 83 | 61 | *It kicked! I think the baby kicked!* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *What? Who the hell is Emily— noooo!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *They’re in Vermont!! How could this happen?!* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 2 | 110 | 60 | *Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I’m here! I’m here! The A.D: Calm down, we got time, we’re running a little lat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 2 | 59 | 50 | *Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Ohh, Geller’s got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh!  It’s the classic struggle * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Gloves. Brown, leather dress gloves.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Catch any big fish?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Ohh, it’s Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Hey! You’re wearing pants!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *I don’t care! All right, y’know what I’m just upset that I’m getting nowhere with Joshua that—y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *No thanks, Mom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn’t call. I mean you’d think he’d be worried about m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn’t call. I mean you’d think he’d be worried about m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *How ya doin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I’m an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I’m doing a scene with you today, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Yeah-yeah, I’m one of the cops that won’t work with you ‘cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I’m * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *No, listening! Sit! Y’know, maybe it would just really, really help if you would just talk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Yeah. And y’know, if you wanna cry, that’s okay too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Stop it! You’re killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Oh, no problem. I’m so glad I could help. Happy for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *All right ladies, here’s what we’re gonna do.  You are gonna take off my clothes.  You two, go get t* |

### 常用词（59）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] | /strip/ | n. 长条, 条状, 带, 脱衣舞 | n. a relatively long narrow piece of something | 5 | 27 | 10 | *Gettin’ drunk and going to a strip club.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 4 | 20 | 15 | *You stink!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] | /'ɒpәrә/ | n. 歌剧 | n. a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and a | 3 | 24 | 14 | *Yes. Mr. Waltham: I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London—well Shropshire really but y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 3 | 23 | 14 | *Ross! Come quickly! There’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 2 | 22 | 19 | *Look, there’s nothing I can do for him right now, he’s still in his sweat pants, that’s still Phase * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 2 | 65 | 46 | *The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Gr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 2 | 70 | 43 | *Yes sir! Yes sir, I’m-I’m—* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 1 | 33 | 26 | *Ohh, Geller’s got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh!  It’s the classic struggle * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Ohh, Geller’s got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh!  It’s the classic struggle * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 1 | 23 | 13 | *Ohh, Geller’s got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh!  It’s the classic struggle * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]] | /tʃi:t/ | n. 欺骗, 作弊, 骗子 | n. a deception for profit to yourself | 1 | 21 | 17 | *You don’t have to stop having fun just because I’m here. Kathy didn’t cheat on all of you.  Well, ex* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Gettin’ drunk and going to a strip club.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *So, these will match the jacket you picked out for me last week?* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Oh yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait sta* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] | /brait/ | a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的 | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I’ve got to go memorise my lines.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *Ohh, it’s Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *Ohh, it’s Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] | /'siknis/ | n. 疾病, 不健康, 呕吐 | n. defectiveness or unsoundness | 1 | 17 | 11 | *I would, but I get my morning sickness in the evening.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is—I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see th* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh, come on!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] | /flә:t/ | n. 卖弄风骚的人, 急动, 急扔 | n. playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest | 1 | 32 | 13 | *You want me to take some girl I’ve never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with som* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Ohh, she’s looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can’t see people through * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *Really?! Well, that’s just lovely, isn’t it? I must’ve missed your call, even though I didn’t leave * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]] | /ru:d/ | a. 粗鲁无礼的, 粗陋的, 粗暴的, 原始的, 未开化的, 大略的, 崎岖不平的, 狂暴的 | s socially incorrect in behavior | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] | /'pә:fiktli/ | adv. 完全地, 无瑕疵地, 完整地 | r. in a perfect or faultless way | 1 | 20 | 16 | *Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Please hurry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don’t have time! They’re just ten blocks * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Hey—whoa, slow down.  No, keep moving.  Wow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] | /pʌntʃ/ | n. 打洞器, 钻孔机, 冲压机, 冲床, 潘趣酒 | n. (boxing) a blow with the fist | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Well, I didn’t see Joshua last night, but I did punch a girl in the face.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 1 | 21 | 18 | *The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Gr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked h* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, Pheebs.* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Shh!!  Wait, what?* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Shhh!! Please! What’s he saying?* |
| noooo |  | [网络] 豪炎寺甚至是麦克鸡；好机会；不要长大好了 |  | 1 | 19 | 19 | *What? Who the hell is Emily— noooo!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *How—how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] | /wet/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天 | v. cause to become wet | 1 | 26 | 25 | *When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn’t be miserable? I’m telling yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn’t be miserable? I’m telling yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] | /pєә/ | n. 一双, 一对, 一副 | n. a set of two similar things considered as a unit | 1 | 18 | 16 | *When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn’t be miserable? I’m telling yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] | /'nәuhwєә/ | adv. 无处, 到处都无 | n. an insignificant place | 1 | 15 | 15 | *I don’t care! All right, y’know what I’m just upset that I’m getting nowhere with Joshua that—y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I’m here! I’m here! The A.D: Calm down, we got time, we’re running a little lat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] | /hwip/ | n. 鞭子, 抽打, 车夫, 搅拌器 | n. an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Look at that, Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip! The A.D: Yeah, we loves ‘em. I’ve never seen * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 1 | 118 | 49 | *Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, ‘cause I’m pregnant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] | /læp/ | n. 膝盖, 舔, 一圈, 下摆, 衣兜, 山坳 | n. the upper side of the thighs of a seated person | 1 | 14 | 10 | *I think somebody needs another lap dance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] | /kɒp/ | n. 警官 | n uncomplimentary terms for a policeman | 1 | 20 | 13 | *Yeah-yeah, I’m one of the cops that won’t work with you ‘cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I’m * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] | /'kændi/ | n. 糖果, 冰糖 | n. a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts | 1 | 57 | 23 | *Oh, Candy! She was so spunky!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Come on, let me see that smile.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] | /'plenti/ | n. 充分, 很多, 丰富 | n. a full supply | 1 | 16 | 16 | *I know, I know, but you’re gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *I know, I know, but you’re gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn’t quite there. Y’know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh gu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *All right ladies, here’s what we’re gonna do.  You are gonna take off my clothes.  You two, go get t* |

### 低频词（70）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| waltham | /'wɔ:lθәm/ | n. 沃尔瑟姆（英国一城市） |  | 8 | 90 | 6 | *Okay. Mr. Waltham:  Rachel! Could I have a moment?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vermont\|vermont]] | /vә:'mɔnt/ | n. 佛蒙特 | n. a state in New England | 6 | 19 | 6 | *He’s with Emily at a Bed and Breakfast in Vermont!* |
| heston |  | 赫斯顿 |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *That’s all right. Hey you guys, you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? * |
| kathy | /'kæθi/ | n. 凯西（女子名, 等于Katherine） |  | 5 | 53 | 9 | *You don’t have to stop having fun just because I’m here. Kathy didn’t cheat on all of you.  Well, ex* |
| charlton |  | n. 查尔顿；爵敦小学 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *That’s all right. Hey you guys, you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glove\|glove]] | /glʌv/ | n. 手套 | n. handwear: covers the hand and wrist | 3 | 15 | 9 | *Gloves. Brown, leather dress gloves.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodness\|goodness]] | /'gudnis/ | n. 仁慈, 善良 | n that which is pleasing or valuable or useful | 3 | 7 | 5 | *Thank goodness.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] | /'stripә/ | n. 剥...的人, 刮毛器, 折卸器, 剥皮器, 露天矿矿工, 低产井, 枯竭井 | n. a chemical compound used to remove paint or varnish | 3 | 27 | 8 | *That’s right! Where are the guys? I’m ready to get drunk and see some strippers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deer\|deer]] | /diә/ | n. 鹿 | n. distinguished from Bovidae by the male's having solid deciduous antlers | 3 | 6 | 3 | *Ross! Come quickly! There’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#orchard\|orchard]] | /'ɒ:tʃәd/ | n. 果园, 果树林 | n garden consisting of a small cultivated wood without undergrowth | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Ross! Come quickly! There’s a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#josh\|josh]] | /dʒɒʃ/ | v. 戏弄, 说笑 | v be silly or tease one another | 3 | 10 | 4 | *Who, Josh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#niece\|niece]] | /ni:s/ | n. 侄女, 甥女 | n. a daughter of your brother or sister | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Yes. Mr. Waltham: I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London—well Shropshire really but y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liquorice\|liquorice]] | /'likәris/ | n. 甘草 | n deep-rooted coarse-textured plant native to the Mediterranean region having bl | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Look at that, Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip! The A.D: Yeah, we loves ‘em. I’ve never seen * |
| chantal |  | n. 傻女闯艺界（喜剧名称）；香塔尔（女子名）；尚塔尔 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *See, I don’t know, for me it would have to Chantal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instinct\|instinct]] | /'instiŋkt/ | n. 本能, 直觉 | n. inborn pattern of behavior often responsive to specific stimuli | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Oh, that’s fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worm]] | /wә:m/ | n. 虫, 蠕虫, 小人物, 螺纹, 蜗杆 | n. any of numerous relatively small elongated soft-bodied animals especially of  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Guggly worm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giggly\|giggly]] | /'^i^li/ | a. 傻笑的, 吃吃笑的 | a. Prone to giggling. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Glow-pop giggly jammer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jammer\|jammer]] | /'dʒæmә/ | [计] 电气干扰, 人为干扰台 | n. a transmitter used to broadcast electronic jamming | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Glow-pop giggly jammer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunk\|hunk]] | /hʌŋk/ | n. 大块 | n. a well-built sexually attractive man | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#struggle\|struggle]] | /'strʌgl/ | n. 斗争, 努力, 奋斗 | n. an energetic attempt to achieve something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ohh, Geller’s got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh!  It’s the classic struggle * |
| shropshire | /'ʃrɔpʃiә/ | (黑头黑脚白毛无角)肉用羊, 萨罗普羊 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes. Mr. Waltham: I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London—well Shropshire really but y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]] | /'kjuәriәs/ | a. 好奇的, 求知的, 古怪的 | s. beyond or deviating from the usual or expected | 1 | 12 | 8 | *But, I was curious; do you have any plans for tonight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invest]] | /in'vest/ | vt. 投资, 花费, 笼罩, 授予 | v. make an investment | 1 | 7 | 5 | *I invested in this night-club and it’s opening tonight, would you like to come?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#betcha\|betcha]] | /'betʃә/ | <口> = bet you |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, great, you betcha! Mr. Waltham:  I almost forget the tickets, didn’t I?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tenor\|tenor]] | /'tenә/ | n. 稳定的进程, 思路, 要旨, 大意, 誊本, 票据的限期, 男高音 | n. the adult male singing voice above baritone | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh. Oh, right. Mr. Waltham: I think you’ll like it, it has two out of the three tenors.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tub\|tub]] | /tʌb/ | n. 桶, 浴盆 | n. a large open vessel for holding or storing liquids | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait sta* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bait\|bait]] | /beit/ | n. 饵 | n. anything that serves as an enticement | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait sta* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#memorise\|memorise]] | /'meməraiz/ | vt. 记住, 熟记, 记录, 存储 | v commit to memory; learn by heart | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I’ve got to go memorise my lines.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toughie\|toughie]] | /'tʌfi/ | n. 流氓, 恶棍, 生是非者, 难题, 劲敌 | n an aggressive and violent young criminal | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You want me to take some girl I’ve never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with som* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wiener\|wiener]] | /'vi:nә/ | n. <美>=frankfurter | n. United States mathematician and founder of cybernetics (1894-1964) | 1 | 10 | 3 | *Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kennedy\|kennedy]] | /'kenidi/ | n. 肯尼迪（姓氏, 美国第35任总统） | n. 35th President of the United States; established the Peace Corps; assassinate | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] | /bә'lu:n/ | n. 气球 | n. large tough nonrigid bag filled with gas or heated air | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cocaine\|cocaine]] | /kә'kein/ | n. 可卡因, 古柯碱 | n. a narcotic (alkaloid) extracted from coca leaves; used as a surface anestheti | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, no-no-no, that’s not rude! It’s perfectly in keeping with a trip that I’ve already been run down* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elastic\|elastic]] | /i'læstik/ | n. 松紧带, 橡皮筋 | n. a fabric made of yarns containing an elastic material | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|bust]] | /bʌst/ | n. 半身像, 胸部, 失败, 殴打 | n. a sculpture of the head and shoulders of a person | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oversleep\|oversleep]] | /.әuvә'sli:p/ | v. (使)睡过头 | v. sleep longer than intended | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pour\|pour]] | /pɒ:/ | n. 流出, 倾泻, 骤雨 | v. cause to run | 1 | 10 | 9 | *The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Gr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overhear]] | /.әuvә'hiә/ | vt. 无意中听到, 偷听 | v hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers | 1 | 7 | 7 | *No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I’m Rachel Gre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#umbrella\|umbrella]] | /ʌm'brelә/ | n. 伞, 雨伞, 保护伞 | n. a lightweight handheld collapsible canopy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buffet\|buffet]] | /'bʌfit/ | n. 自助餐, 小卖部, 碗橱, 殴打, 冲击 | n. a piece of furniture that stands at the side of a dining room; has shelves an | 1 | 5 | 5 | *They got a breakfast buffet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#witch\|witch]] | /witʃ/ | n. 巫婆, 女巫 | n. a being (usually female) imagined to have special powers derived from the dev | 1 | 5 | 4 | *How—how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soak]] | /sәuk/ | n. 浸, 湿透, 大雨 | n. the process of becoming softened and saturated as a consequence of being imme | 1 | 6 | 6 | *When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn’t be miserable? I’m telling yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miserable\|miserable]] | /'mizәrәbl/ | a. 悲惨的；痛苦的；卑鄙的 | s. very unhappy; full of misery | 1 | 8 | 6 | *When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn’t be miserable? I’m telling yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flit\|flit]] | /flit/ | n. 掠过, 迁徙 | n. a sudden quick movement | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don’t care! All right, y’know what I’m just upset that I’m getting nowhere with Joshua that—y’know* |
| vail | /veil/ | vi. 降下；脱帽；有利 | n. & v. t. Same as Veil. | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hairy\|hairy]] | /'hєәri/ | a. 多毛的, 毛状的, 长毛的 | a. having or covered with hair | 1 | 8 | 7 | *You don’t want to be guys, you’d be all hairy and wouldn’t live as long.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wuss\|wuss]] | /wʊs/ | n. <俚>懦弱的人, 无用的人 | n a person who is physically weak and ineffectual | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Y’know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wreak\|wreak]] | /ri:k/ | vt. 发泄(怒火), 报仇 | v cause to happen or to occur as a consequence | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice. T* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#panty\|panty]] | /'pænti/ | n. 女裤；童裤（等于panties） | n short underpants for women or children (usually used in the plural) | 1 | 13 | 6 | *Okay, I’ve got some Ones, you wanna put them in her panties?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exotic\|exotic]] | /ig'zɒtik/ | a. 异国的, 外来的 | s. strikingly strange or unusual | 1 | 4 | 3 | *I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daiquiri\|daiquiri]] | /'daikiri/ | n. 代基里鸡尾酒 | n. a cocktail made with rum and lime or lemon juice | 1 | 1 | 1 | *When you get a sec, another round of daiquiris.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#virgin\|virgin]] | /'vә:dʒin/ | n. 处女 | n. a person who has never had sex | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Remember, a virgin for me please.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carpet\|carpet]] | /'kɑ:pit/ | n. 地毯, 地毯状物 | n. a natural object that resembles or suggests a carpet | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh! And don’t let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.* |
| kurt | /kә:t/ | n. 库尔特（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I guess you wouldn’t believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#douglas\|douglas]] | /'dʌ^lәs/ | n. 道格拉斯（男子名）；道格拉斯（英国马恩岛首府） | n. United States politician who proposed that individual territories be allowed  | 1 | 14 | 4 | *I guess you wouldn’t believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cannon\|cannon]] | /'kænәn/ | n. 大炮, 加农炮 | n. a large artillery gun that is usually on wheels | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah-yeah, I’m one of the cops that won’t work with you ‘cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I’m * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hottest\|hottest]] |  | a. 热的；热烈的；最热门的 | a used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or g | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]] | /'kɒkteil/ | n. 鸡尾酒, 开味品 | n. a short mixed drink | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insanely\|insanely]] |  | adv. 精神错乱地, 疯狂地, 极其愚蠢地, 脱离实际地 | r. in an insane manner | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fighter\|fighter]] | /'faitә/ | n. 斗士, 战士, 好战者, 战斗机 | n. a high-speed military or naval airplane designed to destroy enemy aircraft in | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, I really liked that fighter pilot one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pilot\|pilot]] | /'pailәt/ | n. 飞行员, 领航员, 航船者, 导向器, 驾驶仪, 向导, 领导人 | n. someone who is licensed to operate an aircraft in flight | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, I really liked that fighter pilot one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spunky\|spunky]] | /'spʌŋki/ | a. 有精神的, 生气蓬勃的, 容易发怒的 | s showing courage | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, Candy! She was so spunky!* |
| michelle | /mɪ'ʃɛl/ | n. 米歇尔（女子名） |  | 1 | 19 | 8 | *Y’know, I think if I were going to be with a woman.  It’d, it’d be with someone like Michelle, she w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#petite\|petite]] | /pә'tit/ | a. 小的, 次要的, 小个子的, 娇小玲珑的, 娇小的 | n. a garment size for short or slender women | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y’know, I think if I were going to be with a woman.  It’d, it’d be with someone like Michelle, she w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoothest\|smoothest]] |  | a. 平稳的( smooth的最高级 ) | a. having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#graze\|graze]] | /greiz/ | n. 吃草, 放牧, 擦伤, 轻擦 | n. a superficial abrasion | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#achieve\|achieve]] | /ә'tʃi:v/ | vt. 完成, 达到 | v. to gain with effort | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#literally\|literally]] | /'litәrәli/ | adv. 逐字地, 按照字面上地, 不夸张地 | r. in a literal sense | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I know, I know, but you’re gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] | /di'skraib/ | vt. 描述, 描绘, 画 | v. give a description of | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Emily is…incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] | /'kɒnstәntli/ | adv. 不变地, 不断地, 时常地 | r. without variation or change, in every case | 1 | 7 | 7 | *All right ladies, here’s what we’re gonna do.  You are gonna take off my clothes.  You two, go get t* |
