---
season: 4
episode: "08"
title: "The One With Chandler In A Box"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E08 — The One With Chandler In A Box

*Written by: Michael Borkow*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is sitting at the counter reading a magazine as the phone rings.

**Joey:** *(answering phone)* Hello.

**Chandler:** *(on phone)* Hey, it’s me. I know you can’t stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I’d try and [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] over the phone. All I…

*(Joey hangs up the phone in disgust.)*

*(Pause)*

*(The phone rings again.)*

**Joey:** *(answering phone)* Hello.

**Chandler:** Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I’m…

*(Joey hangs up the phone again.)*

*(Pause)*

*(The phone rings yet again.)*

**Joey:** *(answering phone)* Stop [[Friends-词汇总表#callin\|callin]]’!!

**Voice:** *(on phone)* Hey! Hey! Hey! This is 92.3, WXRK, K-Rock for our $1,000 daily challenge.

**Joey:** All right!

**Voice:** What is the name of your [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] who is very, very sorry and would do anything… *(Joey realizes it’s Chandler and hangs up the phone in anger.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone but Joey and Chandler are there getting ready for Thanksgiving.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Aww, [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]]! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!

**Phoebe:** Look everyone, it’s the spirit of Thanksgiving!

**Rachel:** So are things with you and Joey any better?

**Chandler:** They couldn’t be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.

**Rachel:** Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those [[Friends-词汇总表#plug\|plug]]-in telephone [[Friends-词汇总表#headset\|headsets]] huh?

**Ross:** Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?

**Rachel:** You shouldn’t.

**Phoebe:** Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there’s the added [[Friends-词汇总表#mystery\|mystery]] of who gets who.

**Ross:** Who gets [[Friends-词汇总表#whom\|whom]]. *(They all look at him.)* I don’t know why I do that.


> [!scene] Cut to later, the gang, minus Joey, is watching the Thanksgiving Day parade.

**Rachel:** Well, I’m gonna take a [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]], [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] makes me [[Friends-词汇总表#sleepy\|sleepy]].

**Monica:** We haven’t eaten yet!

**Rachel:** I know, but all that work you’re doing to get it ready, I just… *(goes into her bedroom.)*

**Chandler:** Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] Santa, ‘cause I wanna trade for her.

**Phoebe:** I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!

**Chandler:** Wow! Why do you want to get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of her so [[Friends-词汇总表#badly\|badly]]?

**Phoebe:** Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it’s like [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] to get her something she likes. Come on, let’s trade!

**Chandler:** Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that [[Friends-词汇总表#backpack\|backpack]] and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it… *(notices the look on Monica and Phoebe’s faces.)* Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this [[Friends-词汇总表#briefcase\|briefcase]], and I had R.G. put on it… *(Phoebe looks confused.)* Her initials…

**Phoebe:** Ohh.

**Monica:** Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.

**Chandler:** Op, y'know what though, it’s kind’ve a [[Friends-词汇总表#girlie\|girlie]] [[Friends-词汇总表#briefcase\|briefcase]].

**Monica:** Who cares? He works in a museum!

**Chandler:** Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!

**Phoebe:** You don’t have to do that, Ross and Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t here, you can watch the [[Friends-词汇总表#parade\|parade]] if you want.

**Chandler:** Thanks.

**Monica:** What is wrong with this [[Friends-词汇总表#freezer\|freezer]]?! *(She jabs her arm into the freezer and a piece of ice flies into her eye.)* Ow! Ow!!

**Phoebe:** God, what happened?!

**Monica:** Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!

**Rachel:** *(standing in her doorway)* People are trying to sleep in here!

**Chandler:** Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.

**Phoebe:** Open it up, let me see.

**Monica:** Oh, y’know what, I can’t, it really kills.

**Chandler:** Well maybe you should put some ice on it.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, God it looks bad.

**Rachel:** Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.

**Monica:** No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can’t go to him when I don’t have a boyfriend!

**Chandler:** He’s really [[Friends-词汇总表#picky\|picky]] about his patients.

**Phoebe:** Honey, you’ve got to go. What’s his office number?

**Monica:** Like I remember his office number! *(Pause)* Speed [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] 7.

**Phoebe:** *(on phone)* Hi! Yeah, I’m calling on [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] of Monica Geller’s eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. *(Listens)* *(to Monica)* He’s out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?

**Monica:** Yes!!

**Phoebe:** Yes! She’s very excited about that.


> [!scene] Cut to later, Phoebe is adding butter to something and Ross is watching.

**Phoebe:** This is so cool, ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] Monica gets back, it’s like I’m head [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] and I get to make all the decisions. *(She looks at the remaining butter, and then decides to add it to the dish.)*

**Ross:** Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]] exactly!

**Phoebe:** Okay, get out of my kitchen!

**Chandler:** *(entering)* All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] but he only [[Friends-词汇总表#slam\|slammed]] the door once! *(Ross is pleased.)* I mean yeah, he gave me the [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] while doing it.

**Phoebe:** All right I… I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooking]] question.

**Ross:** So listen ah, I picked Monica for [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] Santa, but I’m already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.

**Chandler:** Oh y’know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.

**Ross:** Really?! Wow! That’s-that’s so nice, what are you gonna get me?

**Chandler:** I don’t know R.G., I was thinking something [[Friends-词汇总表#girlie\|girlie]] for your office.

**Ross:** Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.

**Chandler:** Oh no-no-no, you don’t want to do that, then you’re gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.

**Ross:** Oh, that’s not true! I’ve got her lots of stuff she never took back.

**Chandler:** Like?

**Ross:** Like uh, that gold [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklace]] I got her last year.

**Chandler:** When was the last time you saw her wear it?

**Ross:** Well, she wore it all Christmas day, and then uh…

**Chandler:** Big dog?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is repacking the furniture into boxes to return it.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** What are you doing?

**Joey:** I’m sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of [[Friends-词汇总表#guilt\|guilt]].

**Ross:** Everything? Even the TV?

**Joey:** No! I’m putting that in my room.

**Ross:** Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don’t you think you could at least hear the guy out?

**Joey:** Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?

**Ross:** That’s a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#punish\|punish]] him?

**Joey:** Five years.

**Ross:** You’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentenced]] him?!

**Joey:** Hey! Don’t do the crime if you can’t do the time.

**Ross:** Joey, the guy’s your best friend.

**Joey:** No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don’t know why you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]] for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] open.

**Ross:** Oh, who? Me?

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Ross:** Wow! I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honored]]! And y’know what I’m gonna do as my first act as your best friend?

**Joey:** What?

**Ross:** I’m gonna get you to talk to Chandler.

**Joey:** All right. But if you weren’t my best friend.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Kathy are sitting at a table and talking about Joey.

**Kathy:** Oh my God, is it really that bad?

**Chandler:** I walk into a room and he won’t even talk to me, he just [[Friends-词汇总表#mumble\|mumbles]] something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey Gunther, have you uh, have you seen Chandler?

**Gunther:** I thought you were Chandler. But umm, one of who is over there.

*(Joey turns around and sees them kissing.)*

**Kathy:** Oh.

**Chandler:** Hey Joe.

**Joey:** *(Something in Italian.)* *(Storms out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Dr. Burke’s office, Rachel and Monica are waiting as the doctor arrives.

**Doctor:** I’ll be right with you. Okay? *(to the nurse)* Thanks, Wendy.

**Monica:** Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?

**Rachel:** Ooh, so cute, that I’m thinking about [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jamming]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] in my eye.

*(The intercom buzzes.)*

**Nurse:** Dr. Burke will see you know.

**Monica:** Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.

**Nurse:** Dr. Richard Burke is out of town. Dr. Timothy Burke, his son, will see you now. Dr. Timothy Burke: Ready?

*(Monica looks at Rachel, who gives her the thumbs up.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is packing as Chandler rushes in.

**Chandler:** Hey! I’m sorry! That—*(sees that Joey is about to leave)* where are you going?

**Joey:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#folk\|folks]].

**Chandler:** Oh, uh, when-when are you coming back?

**Joey:** I don’t know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.

**Chandler:** What?!

**Joey:** Yeah, y’know at first I thought we could talk about this y’know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don’t think I…

**Chandler:** Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I’ll stop seeing her?

**Joey:** Look, it’s not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminds]] me of what you did. And I don’t want to live with some one who doesn’t know what it is to be a friend. So, I’ll see ya. *(He starts to leave, but Chandler grabs his bag and stops him.)*

**Chandler:** Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]] up!

**Joey:** Yeah! You did! And that’s why I’m leaving.

*(The chick and the duck walk into the living room.)*

**Chandler:** All right look, if you’re not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the [[Friends-词汇总表#robbery\|robbery]] and all!

**Joey:** When that guy was [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|robbing]] us, and I was [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|locked]] in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** Yeah! But if would’ve know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn’t have worried about it so much! See you around!

**Chandler:** All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. *(Joey looks intrigued)* What?

**Joey:** We’ve got a box. *(Motions to a large wooden box next to him.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Dr. Burke’s office, Tim is examining Monica.

**Tim:** Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.

**Monica:** I was probably waiting for it to open.

**Tim:** I gotta tell you, you look great now.

**Monica:** You look great too.

**Tim:** You’re an excellent patient!

**Monica:** So how does it look?

**Tim:** Well, you’ve got a little [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#cornea\|cornea]], your gonna have to wear a patch for a couple of days.

**Monica:** Like a [[Friends-词汇总表#pirate\|pirate]]?!

**Tim:** If that helps you.

**Monica:** Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? *(He looks at her)* Come on, one of us had to [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] him.

**Tim:** I moved back here a couple of months ago.

**Monica:** Oh. Big family dinner tonight?

**Tim:** Uh. *(He holds up a brown lunch bag.)*

**Monica:** No way!

**Tim:** I was gonna have Thanksgiving at my girlfriend’s.

**Monica:** *(disappointed)* Oh.

**Tim:** But we broke up.

**Monica:** *(happy)* Oh.

**Tim:** She-she wasn’t ready for a serious [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]].

**Monica:** *(sympathetic)* Oh. *(in a pirate’s voice)* So you made her walk the [[Friends-词汇总表#plank\|plank]]? Aye, [[Friends-词汇总表#matie\|matie]]?

**Tim:** You’re not wearing the patch yet.

**Monica:** I know.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, It’s closer to dinner. Monica has just told everyone that Tim is coming to dinner.

**Ross:** He’s coming here for Thanksgiving!

**Rachel:** I know, it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].

**Monica:** Why is it [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]?

**Rachel:** Because it’s Richard’s son! It’s like inviting Greek [[Friends-词汇总表#tragedy\|tragedy]] over for dinner!

**Monica:** Hey, come on, Phoebe, you understand don’t you?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I can see where I’d be your best [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] but, no. I’m sorry, but I think it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#twist\|twisted]].

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Joey:** *(coming out of the bathroom)* What’s [[Friends-词汇总表#twist\|twisted]]?

**Monica:** Me going out with Richard’s son.

**Joey:** Ewwwww!! Ew! Ew! Ew!

**Chandler:** *(He is now in the box, in their living room.)* Sounds like a really bad idea to me.

**Rachel:** Is he okay in there?

**Joey:** He’s fine!

**Ross:** Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard’s son, you’d be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their [[Friends-词汇总表#grandfather\|grandfather]].

**Monica:** Fine! Judge all you want to but, *(points to Ross)* married a lesbian,

*(points to Rachel) left a man at the altar, (points to Phoebe) fell in love with a gay ice dancer, (points to Joey) threw a girl’s wooden leg in a fire, (points to Chandler) livin’ in a box!! (goes to her room)*

**Rachel:** So now, what exactly is the point of the box?

**Joey:** Chandler?

**Chandler:** The meaning of the box is three [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|fold]]. One *(holds a finger up through the air hole)*, it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two *(holds up another finger)*, it [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|proves]] how much I care about my [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] with Joey. And three *(holds up a third finger)*, it hurts!

**Ross:** *(to Rachel)* Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklace]] I gave you last year? Can I see it?

**Rachel:** *(worried)* Why?

**Ross:** I just wanna check something.

**Rachel:** Okay. *(She goes into her bedroom)*

**Ross:** *(He puts his hand over the hole on the box.)* *(to Chandler)* Now, we’ll see.

**Chandler:** Air [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]]! Air hole!! *(Ross retracts his hand quickly.)*

**Rachel:** *(coming out of her bedroom with a necklace)* Here it is! I love it. I wear it all the time.

**Ross:** *(grabbing the necklace)* The [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklace]] I got you was gold, this one is silver.

**Rachel:** Huh, well maybe it uh, it changed.

**Ross:** Oh my God! You actually exchanged it!

**Rachel:** Well isn’t it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?

**Ross:** What did you get?

**Rachel:** Credit.

*(There’s a knock on the door.)*

**Monica:** *(running in from her bedroom)* I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! *(opens the door)* Hi, Tim.

**Tim:** Hi. *(gives her a bottle of wine)*

**Monica:** Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe.

**Tim:** Hi, nice to meet you.

**Monica:** And Joey.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Tim:** Hi, Joey.

**Monica:** My brother, Ross.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Monica:** And Rachel. *(Chandler clears his voice loudly)* And that’s Chandler.

**Chandler:** How do ya do.

**Tim:** What’s…

**Monica:** Umm, well, he’s…

**Joey:** He’s doin’ some [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]]’!


> [!scene] cut to later, Joey, Rachel, Ross, and Tim are watching the football game, and they all cheer loudly.

**Chandler:** What happened? What happened?!

**Joey:** You kissed my girlfriend!

*(A commercial for sunglasses comes on.)*

**Rachel:** Ooh, I like those [[Friends-词汇总表#sunglass\|sunglasses]].

**Ross:** Like ‘em, like ‘em? Or, I’d like to get store credit for that amount like ‘em?

**Rachel:** *(Swears in Italian, it’s the same term used by Joey earlier and Joey nods his approval.)*

**Monica:** All right everybody, this [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] is ready!

**Tim:** Where can I [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] up?

**Monica:** Here, let me show you. Okay, the [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towels]] are hanging next to the [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]], and umm, you can use the [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]].

**Tim:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** Fancy [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]]? I thought we were [[Friends-词汇总表#savin\|savin]]’ that for the Pope!

**Monica:** See he’s nice. Right?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]], "That’s not how your dad used to do it."

**Tim:** Wow! Everything looks great! Where should I sit?

**Monica:** I saved you a seat. *(Motions to the one next to her.)*

**Rachel:** *(pouring the wine)* Sick-[[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]-sick-sick.

*(There’s a loud knocking.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, I’ll get it. *(goes over to the door.)*

**Chandler:** Gotcha! *(laughs)*

**Joey:** That doesn’t sound like thinking to me!

**Chandler:** Sorry!

**Joey:** Y’know I don’t think you should be talking at all in there! I think you’ve got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!

**Chandler:** Okay, okay, you got it!

**Rachel:** Ross, can you pass me the [[Friends-词汇总表#yam\|yams]]?

**Ross:** Sure! Oh, and Joey’s got the [[Friends-词汇总表#mash\|mashed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]] if you want to exchange them.

**Rachel:** Would you stop?! What is the matter with you?!

**Monica:** Oh-ho-ho, we’ve got company.

**Ross:** There’s nothing the matter with me. See, I’m not completely [[Friends-词汇总表#devoid\|devoid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#sentiment\|sentiment]], see I have [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]].

**Rachel:** Okay, fine. *(She gets up and walks into her bedroom)*

*(an awkward silence follows)*

**Chandler:** You can’t tell, but I’m trying to break the [[Friends-词汇总表#tension\|tension]] by [[Friends-词汇总表#moon\|mooning]] you guys!

**Joey:** All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn’t mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you’re just an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] in a box!

**Chandler:** You’re right, and I’m sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]], I won’t say another word tonight.

**Joey:** So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?

**Chandler:** Absolutely!

**Joey:** That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously?

*(There’s no response from Chandler.) Okay.*

*(Rachel comes back carrying a shoe box.)*

**Rachel:** Don’t say that I have no [[Friends-词汇总表#sentiment\|sentiment]]! *(Starts to show Ross what’s in the box.)* This is a movie [[Friends-词汇总表#stub\|stub]] from our first date! This is an [[Friends-词汇总表#eggshell\|eggshell]] from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! *(Holds up a bone)* This is from the museum from the first time we… were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!

**Ross:** I don’t know what to say, I’m sorry. Though, you’re not supposed to take these. *(Points to the bone)* It’s like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.

*(Rachel glares at him.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the balcony with Monica and Tim.

**Monica:** *(putting off her coat)* Ooh, this always happens. *(Her coat gets stuck.)*

**Tim:** Here, let me help. *(Does so.)*

**Monica:** Thank you.

**Tim:** You-you have a very beautiful… eye.

**Monica:** Y’know all my friends think this is weird.

**Tim:** Y’know I-I thought it was gonna be weird, I mean I almost called and [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|canceled]], but it really isn’t.

**Monica:** I know! I mean it’s like me and your dad, that’s a totally separate thing.

**Tim:** Oh, I totally agree.

**Monica:** We’re just two people who find each other very [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]]. Right?

*(Tim leans in to kiss her. They stop, and when he tries to kiss her again, Monica pulls away.)*

**Tim:** What?

**Monica:** Nothing. Nothing.

**Tim:** No-no really, was-was that not okay?

**Monica:** No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss…

**Tim:** Oh my God! It didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] you of…

**Monica:** *(interrupting)* Don’t say it!

**Tim:** No, but it did! Didn’t it?!

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Tim:** Oh man!!

**Monica:** I know!

*(They both shiver in horror.)*


> [!scene] cut to later, Tim has left. Monica is still shivering. There’s a knock on the door.

**Joey:** I’ll get it. *(It’s Kathy.)*

**Kathy:** *(sees it’s Joey)* Oh.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Kathy:** Hey. Listen, I want you to know how sorry I am…

**Joey:** That’s okay. Chandler’s the one I’m mad at.

**Kathy:** Well, I’m still sorry. Is he here?

**Joey:** In the box.

**Kathy:** *(going over to the box)* Chandler?

**Phoebe:** Oh, he-he can’t talk right now.

**Kathy:** Why not? What’s going on?

**Phoebe:** He’s just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.

**Kathy:** By being in a box?

**Rachel:** Joey, had reasons.

**Phoebe:** They were [[Friends-词汇总表#threefold\|threefold]].

**Kathy:** Oh. Well uh, *(to Chandler)* you not being able to talk may make this [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]]. Listen umm… *(She looks at the gang who are watching, they take the hint and leave them alone.)* Listen I don’t wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can’t stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don’t wanna be the cause of that. So, I don’t think we can see each other anymore. I’m gonna go to my mom’s in Chicago, I’m gonna stay there for [[Friends-词汇总表#awhile\|awhile]]. I think this could’ve be something really amazing, but y’know this is probably for the best. Y’know? I’m gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler.

*(She gets up and leaves, Chandler waves good-bye with one finger extended through the air hole. Ross glares at Joey.)*

**Joey:** *(starting to cry)* Open the box!! *(Runs over to do so.)*

**Rachel:** What?!

**Joey:** He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there! *(He opens the box)* Get out of there!

**Chandler:** So?

**Joey:** Yeah, we’re gonna be fine! Get out!

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Joey:** Yeah, you did some real good [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]]’ in there.

**Chandler:** Man, this is…

*(Joey says something unintelligible and they hug.)*

**Joey:** Now go! ‘Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] Santa! *(Chandler runs out and closes the door.)*

*(After he’s gone.)*

**Joey:** All right, who got Chandler? ‘Cause I uh, need to trade.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's Balcony, the gang is all there watching Chandler.

**Rachel:** Oh, he sees her!

**Monica:** Oh, he’s catching up to her!

**Phoebe:** Oh, she sees him! Oh, they’re [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hugging]]!

**Ross:** He’s taking her [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]!

**Joey:** Uhh, that’s not them. I’m gonna go call the police.

**Phoebe:** Oh, there they are!

*(They watch them making up and sigh)*

**Phoebe:** All right, get a room.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（45）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 3 | 219 | 100 | *Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I’m…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 3 | 92 | 55 | *Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I’m…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *God, what happened?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 3 | 209 | 116 | *When was the last time you saw her wear it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 3 | 296 | 85 | *Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad?  Come on, one of us had to mention him.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 2 | 376 | 86 | *Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 2 | 118 | 88 | *Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *All right I… I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Oh. Big family dinner tonight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Y’know all my friends think this is weird.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *I know! I mean it’s like me and your dad, that’s a totally separate thing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 2 | 88 | 79 | *He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there!  Get out of there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *They couldn’t be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *They couldn’t be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, um* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *We haven’t eaten yet!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *People are trying to sleep in here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Oh, y’know what, I can’t, it really kills.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can’t go to him when I don’t have a boyfriend!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Yes! She’s very excited about that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I’m already getting her something for Chanukah, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Oh no-no-no, you don’t want to do that, then you’re gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges ev* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don’t know why you’re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Yeah! But if would’ve know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn’t have worrie* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Because it’s Richard’s son! It’s like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Fine! Judge all you want to but,  married a lesbian,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *He’s doin’ some thinkin’!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Wow! Everything looks great! Where should I sit?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *I saved you a seat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Y’know I don’t think you should be talking at all in there! I think you’ve got to much thinking to d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means som* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *I don’t know what to say, I’m sorry. Though, you’re not supposed to take these.  It’s like a million* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *That’s okay. Chandler’s the one I’m mad at.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Oh. Well uh,  you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm…  Listen I don’t wanna be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Oh. Well uh,  you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm…  Listen I don’t wanna be * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, that’s not them. I’m gonna go call the police.* |

### 常用词（49）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 4 | 68 | 39 | *Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, um* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 3 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 3 | 51 | 20 | *Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 3 | 98 | 17 | *Look everyone, it’s the spirit of Thanksgiving!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 2 | 86 | 49 | *I know, it’s sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 2 | 33 | 24 | *Air hole! Air hole!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 2 | 22 | 19 | *He’s doin’ some thinkin’!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 2 | 37 | 27 | *Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 2 | 46 | 26 | *Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Hey, it’s me. I know you can’t stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I’d try and apo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *What is the name of your roommate who is very, very sorry and would do anything…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] | /næp/ | n. 小睡, 稍睡, 细毛, 孤注一掷 | n. a soft or fuzzy surface texture | 1 | 28 | 20 | *Well, I’m gonna take a nap, turkey makes me sleepy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] | /im'pɒsәbl/ | a. 不可能的, 难以置信的, 令人无法忍受的 | n. something that cannot be done | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it’s like impossible to get her something she likes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *You don’t have to do that, Ross and Joey aren’t here, you can watch the parade if you want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 1 | 21 | 14 | *Like I remember his office number!  Speed dial 7.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *This is so cool, ‘til Monica gets back, it’s like I’m head chef and I get to make all the decisions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 1 | 56 | 27 | *This is so cool, ‘til Monica gets back, it’s like I’m head chef and I get to make all the decisions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *All right I… I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 1 | 13 | 12 | *You’ve sentenced him?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don’t know why you’re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 1 | 28 | 23 | *No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don’t know why you’re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] | /'ɒnә/ | n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章 | n. the state of being honored | 1 | 29 | 13 | *Wow! I’m honored! And y’know what I’m gonna do as my first act as your best friend?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] | /pen/ | n. 钢笔, 笔, 笔调, 笔杆子, 作家, 围栏, 栅栏, 禽畜 | n. a writing implement with a point from which ink flows | 1 | 22 | 11 | *Ooh, so cute, that I’m thinking about jamming this pen in my eye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#folk\|folk]] | /fәuk/ | n. 人们, 家人, 亲属, 民族 | n. people in general (often used in the plural) | 1 | 11 | 10 | *My folks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Look, it’s not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] | /skrætʃ/ | n. 抓痕, 搔, 抓, 擦伤, 刮擦声, 乱写, 零分, 起跑线 | n. a competitor who has withdrawn from competition | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Well, you’ve got a little scratch on your cornea, your gonna have to wear a patch for a couple of da* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad?  Come on, one of us had to mention him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 1 | 18 | 14 | *She-she wasn’t ready for a serious commitment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *Fine! Judge all you want to but,  married a lesbian,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 1 | 18 | 14 | *The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Where can I wash up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] | /'tauәl/ | n. 手巾, 毛巾 | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Gotcha!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 26 | 15 | *Sure! Oh, and Joey’s got the mashed potatoes if you want to exchange them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *There’s nothing the matter with me. See, I’m not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means som* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *You’re right, and I’m sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Y’know I-I thought it was gonna be weird, I mean I almost called and canceled, but it really isn’t.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 1 | 22 | 20 | *We’re just two people who find each other very attractive. Right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Oh. Well uh,  you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm…  Listen I don’t wanna be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Oh, she sees him! Oh, they’re hugging!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *He’s taking her purse!* |

### 低频词（52）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burke\|burke]] | /bә:k/ | vt. 秘密地除去, 秘密地消灭, 压制 | n. British statesman famous for his oratory; pleaded the cause of the American c | 7 | 15 | 2 | *Hi! Yeah, I’m calling on behalf of Monica Geller’s eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today.   He’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklace]] | /'neklis/ | n. 项链 | n. jewelry consisting of a cord or chain (often bearing gems) worn about the nec | 3 | 11 | 8 | *Like uh, that gold necklace I got her last year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#briefcase\|briefcase]] | /'bri:fkeis/ | n. 公事包 | n. a case with a handle; for carrying papers or files or books | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlie\|girlie]] | /'gә:li/ | n. 少女 |  | 2 | 7 | 4 | *Op, y'know what though, it’s kind’ve a girlie briefcase.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twist\|twist]] | /twist/ | n. 一扭, 扭曲, 曲折, 歪曲, 螺旋状, 新手法 | n. a jerky pulling movement | 2 | 8 | 6 | *Yeah, I can see where I’d be your best shot but, no. I’m sorry, but I think it’s twisted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentiment\|sentiment]] | /'sentimәnt/ | n. 感情, 感伤, 情操, 情绪, 感想, 意见 | n. tender, romantic, or nostalgic feeling or emotion | 2 | 4 | 3 | *There’s nothing the matter with me. See, I’m not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#callin\|callin]] |  | n. 呼入；调入；收回；召集 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Stop callin’!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headset\|headset]] | /'hedset/ | n. (一副)耳机 | n. receiver consisting of a pair of headphones | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mystery\|mystery]] | /'mistәri/ | n. 秘密, 神秘, 奥秘 | n. something that baffles understanding and cannot be explained | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, um* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whom\|whom]] | /hu:m/ | pron. 谁 | pron. The objective case of who. See Who. | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Who gets whom.  I don’t know why I do that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleepy\|sleepy]] | /'sli:pi/ | a. 困乏的, 欲睡的 | s. ready to fall asleep | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Well, I’m gonna take a nap, turkey makes me sleepy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#badly\|badly]] | /'bædli/ | adv. 严重地, 恶劣地, 极度地 | r. to a severe or serious degree | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backpack\|backpack]] | /'bækpæk/ | n. 远足用的背包；双肩背包, 背包 | n. a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder | 1 | 10 | 4 | *Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#parade\|parade]] | /pә'reid/ | n. 游行, 炫耀, 阅兵 | n. a ceremonial procession including people marching | 1 | 12 | 7 | *You don’t have to do that, Ross and Joey aren’t here, you can watch the parade if you want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freezer\|freezer]] | /fri:zә/ | n. 冰库, 冰箱, 冷冻库 | n electric refrigerator (trade name Deepfreeze) in which food is frozen and stor | 1 | 11 | 7 | *What is wrong with this freezer?!  Ow! Ow!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#picky\|picky]] | /'piki/ | a. 吹毛求疵的, 挑剔的, 找麻烦的 | s exacting especially about details | 1 | 2 | 2 | *He’s really picky about his patients.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] | /bi'hɑ:f/ | n. 利益, 方面 | n. as the agent of or on someone's part (usually expressed as "on behalf of" rat | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Hi! Yeah, I’m calling on behalf of Monica Geller’s eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today.   He’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]] | /'resipi/ | n. 食谱, 处方, 秘诀 | n. directions for making something | 1 | 12 | 3 | *Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slam\|slam]] | /slæm/ | n. 砰然声, 猛然, 猛烈的抨击 | n. winning all or all but one of the tricks in bridge | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chanukah\|chanukah]] | /'kɑ: nu,kɑ:/ | n. (=Hanuka)光明节(犹太人一纪念节日) | n (Judaism) an eight-day Jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the Te | 1 | 5 | 3 | *So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I’m already getting her something for Chanukah, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guilt\|guilt]] | /gilt/ | n. 罪行, 内疚 | n. the state of having committed an offense | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I’m sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punish\|punish]] | /'pʌniʃ/ | vt. 处罚, 惩罚, 严厉对待 | v. impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on | 1 | 7 | 6 | *That’s a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mumble\|mumble]] | /'mʌmbl/ | n. 喃喃而语, 咕哝 | n. a soft indistinct utterance | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I walk into a room and he won’t even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he* |
| wendy | /'wendi/ | n. 温迪（女子名） |  | 1 | 18 | 7 | *I’ll be right with you. Okay?  Thanks, Wendy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jam]] | /dʒæm/ | n. 果酱, 拥塞之物, 堵塞, 困境 | n. preserve of crushed fruit | 1 | 23 | 9 | *Ooh, so cute, that I’m thinking about jamming this pen in my eye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#robbery\|robbery]] | /'rɒbәri/ | n. 抢掠, 抢夺 | n. larceny by threat of violence | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right look, if you’re not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|rob]] | /rɒb/ | v. 抢夺, 抢掠, 剥夺 | v. take something away by force or without the consent of the owner | 1 | 11 | 9 | *When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dairy\|dairy]] | /'dєәri/ | n. 牛奶公司, 乳品店, 乳牛场 | n. a farm where dairy products are produced | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The D* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cornea\|cornea]] | /'kɒ:niә/ | n. 角膜 | n. the transparent dome-shaped anterior portion of the outer covering of the eye | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, you’ve got a little scratch on your cornea, your gonna have to wear a patch for a couple of da* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pirate\|pirate]] | /'paiәrәt/ | n. 海盗, 盗印者, 侵犯专利权者 | n. someone who robs at sea or plunders the land from the sea without having a co | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Like a pirate?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plank\|plank]] | /plæŋk/ | n. 厚木板, 支架, 木板制品, 冲浪板, 救急物, 政纲条目 | n. an endorsed policy in the platform of a political party | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh.  So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aye\|aye]] | /ai/ | n. 赞成票, 投赞成票者 | adv. Alt. of Ay | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh.  So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#matie\|matie]] | /'mæti/ | 性未成熟的肥鲱鱼 | n. A fat herring with undeveloped roe. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh.  So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greek\|greek]] | /gri:k/ | n. 希腊人, 希腊语 | n. the Hellenic branch of the Indo-European family of languages | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Because it’s Richard’s son! It’s like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tragedy\|tragedy]] | /'trædʒidi/ | n. 悲剧, 惨案, 悲剧作品 | n. drama in which the protagonist is overcome by some superior force or circumst | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Because it’s Richard’s son! It’s like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandfather\|grandfather]] | /'grændfɑ:ðә/ | n. 祖父, 始祖 | n. the father of your father or mother | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard’s son, you’d be able to tell your kids* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|fold]] | /fәuld/ | n. 折层, 折, 羊栏, 折痕, 信徒 | n. an angular or rounded shape made by folding | 1 | 12 | 9 | *The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it* |
| tim | /tim/ | n. 蒂姆（男子名） |  | 1 | 11 | 4 | *I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get it! I’ll get * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sunglass\|sunglass]] | /'sʌnglæs/ | n. 凸透镜, 太阳眼镜 | n. a convex lens that focuses the rays of the sun; used to start a fire | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Ooh, I like those sunglasses.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#savin\|savin]] |  | [化] 桧 | n procumbent or spreading juniper | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Fancy soap? I thought we were savin’ that for the Pope!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pope\|pope]] | /pәup/ | n. 罗马教皇, 主教 | n. the head of the Roman Catholic Church | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Fancy soap? I thought we were savin’ that for the Pope!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phrase\|phrase]] | /freiz/ | n. 惯用语, 词组, 成语, 措词, 乐句 | n. an expression consisting of one or more words forming a grammatical constitue | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yam\|yam]] | /jæm/ | n. 山药, 薯蓣 | n. edible tuber of any of several yams | 1 | 7 | 3 | *Ross, can you pass me the yams?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mash\|mash]] | /mæʃ/ | n. 碎麦芽, 饲料, 糊状物 | n. a mixture of mashed malt grains and hot water; used in brewing | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Sure! Oh, and Joey’s got the mashed potatoes if you want to exchange them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#devoid\|devoid]] | /di'vɒid/ | a. 全无的, 缺乏的 | s completely wanting or lacking | 1 | 1 | 1 | *There’s nothing the matter with me. See, I’m not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tension\|tension]] | /'tenʃәn/ | n. 紧张, 不安, 拉紧, 张力, 压力, 电压 | n. (psychology) a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense | 1 | 6 | 6 | *You can’t tell, but I’m trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moon\|moon]] | /mu:n/ | n. 月亮, 月球, 月光 | n. the natural satellite of the Earth | 1 | 9 | 7 | *You can’t tell, but I’m trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stub\|stub]] | /stʌb/ | n. 断肢, 烟蒂, 树桩, 残余, 存根 | n. a short piece remaining on a trunk or stem where a branch is lost | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Don’t say that I have no sentiment!  This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eggshell\|eggshell]] | /'egʃel/ | n. 蛋壳 | n the exterior covering of a bird's egg | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Don’t say that I have no sentiment!  This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#threefold\|threefold]] | /'θri:fәuld/ | a. 三倍的, 三重的 | r. by a factor of three | 1 | 1 | 1 | *They were threefold.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awhile\|awhile]] | /ә'hwail/ | adv. 片刻, 一会儿 | r. for a short time | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh. Well uh,  you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm…  Listen I don’t wanna be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#merry\|merry]] | /'meri/ | a. 快乐的, 愉快的, 嬉戏作乐的 | s full of or showing high-spirited merriment | 1 | 23 | 7 | *Now go! ‘Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you’re secret Santa!* |
