---
season: 4
episode: "18"
title: "The One With Rachel's New Dress"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E18 — The One With Rachel's New Dress

*Teleplay by: Jill Condon & Amy Toomin*

*Story by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Chandler are there as Phoebe enters carrying a drum.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|bellies]] look like a [[Friends-词汇总表#drum\|drum]].

**Phoebe:** *(not amused)* Ha-ha. *(She sits down on the couch.)* No, it’s just I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] that I—my guitar doesn’t fit anymore. So I thought ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] I’m not, I’m just gonna play all my songs on this [[Friends-词汇总表#drum\|drum]]. It sounds really cool!

**Chandler:** All right.

**Phoebe:** Listen. Listen. *(She starts to play and sing.)* Smelly cat, [[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] cat, what are they feeding you?

**Joey:** Wow, Pheebs! That sounds great!

**Phoebe:** I know! I know, and I’ve only been playing for like an hour!

**Alice:** *(entering)* Phoebe! Phoebe! Hi! Hi!

**Phoebe:** Hey! What are you doing here?

**Alice:** Umm, actually, I came down to ask you a big [[Friends-词汇总表#favour\|favour]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, well, don’t tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]].

**Alice:** *(laughs)* No. No. No. *(Sits down.)* Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.

**Chandler:** Wouldn’t that be Frank the III?

**Alice:** Don’t get me started. *(To Phoebe)* Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our names in, we would be [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#honour\|honoured]] if you named the other boy baby.

**Phoebe:** Wow! That’s so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.

**Alice:** You think about it. *(Leaves)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s apartment, he and Emily are getting ready to go to the airport.

**Emily:** I left a [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|drying]] on the shower [[Friends-词汇总表#rod\|rod]], you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be [[Friends-词汇总表#horribly\|horribly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#traumatise\|traumatised]]?

**Ross:** Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]].

**Emily:** *(checks the clock)* Ohh, it’s time to go.

**Ross:** Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]’s a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?

**Emily:** Well that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ambitious\|ambitious]].

*(They kiss but are interrupted by a knock on the door.)*

**Ross:** Hey, uh, you can [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] that.

**Emily:** That’s Carol with your son!

**Ross:** Uhh, believe me when he’s older, he’ll understand.

**Carol:** *(knocking on the door)* Ross!

**Ross:** I’ll be right there. *(He goes over and opens the door to Carol, Susan, and Ben.)* *(To Ben.)* Hello! *(To Carol.)* Hello! *(To Susan.)* Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.

**Susan:** Hey, it’s so nice to finally meet you!

**Emily:** Me too!

**Carol:** Ohh, y’know, Susan’s gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shooting]] a commercial in London next week.

**Susan:** Oh yeah, I’m so excited, I’ve never been there.

**Emily:** Oh, well, I’ll show you around.

**Susan:** That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any [[Friends-词汇总表#suggestion\|suggestions]]…

**Emily:** Oh, there’s [[Friends-词汇总表#tonne\|tonnes]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] stuff—I’ll go with you!

**Susan:** Ahh!

*(Ross accidentally, on purpose, bumps into Susan.)*

**Ross:** Look at you two, [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bonding]], making us late for the airport so…

**Emily:** Are you all right?

**Susan:** Oh, he’s fine. He’s fine. It’s just that us getting along is difficult for him, because he doesn’t like me.

**Ross:** Oh come on! That’s-that’s… true.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Chandler are playing foosball as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Hi!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?

**Phoebe:** Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book *(Holds up a book)* and found nothing! I want a name that’s really like, y’know strong and [[Friends-词汇总表#confident\|confident]], y’know? Like-like Exxon.

**Chandler:** Well, it [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] worked for that Valdez kid.

**Joey:** Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?

**Phoebe:** No, I’m-I’m not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."

**Joey:** Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey’s your pal. Joey’s your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they’re hanging out with Joey."

**Chandler:** Hey, y’know what, if you’re gonna do that, if you’re gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. *(Phoebe doesn’t think so.)* Oh, come on! Chandler’s funny, [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticated]], and he’s very [[Friends-词汇总表#loveable\|loveable]], once you get to know him.

**Joey:** Oh well, hey, Joey’s [[Friends-词汇总表#loveable\|loveable]] too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he’ll be there.

**Chandler:** Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he’ll be there. And he’ll bring you some cold [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]], if want you need him for is that you’re really hot.

**Joey:** What do ya say? What do ya say?

**Phoebe:** Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. *(They both stare at her.)* But, all right, I don’t—maybe I’ll just name him The Hulk.

**Joey:** I knew I shouldn’t have [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mentioned]] it! That’s what I wanted to name my kid!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Monica is cooking and Rachel is getting ready for a date with Joshua.

**Rachel:** Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing. *(She’s holding two frilly, lace nighties.)*

**Monica:** Y’know what? It really [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creeps]] me out choosing other people’s sex clothes.

**Rachel:** Sorry. I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#exit\|exited]]! I’ve been waiting for this for months! I got my hair [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|coloured]]! I got new sheets! I’m making him a very [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]].

**Monica:** Um-hmm.

**Rachel:** What am I making him by the way?

**Monica:** Well, you’re making him a [[Friends-词汇总表#frieze\|frieze]] [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#goat\|goat]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#pine\|pine]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]], wild nuts, wild [[Friends-词汇总表#rice\|rice]], [[Friends-词汇总表#roast\|roast]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asparagus\|asparagus]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#salmon\|salmon]] au [[Friends-词汇总表#croup\|croup]].

**Rachel:** I thought I was making him [[Friends-词汇总表#filet\|filet]] mignon?

**Monica:** Yeah, you were, but you [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to make [[Friends-词汇总表#salmon\|salmon]] because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realised]] if you *(Points at Rachel)* bitched about it, then you *(Points to herself)* would stop [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooking]], and you *(Points at Rachel)* would have to make your [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|baked]] [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] and Diet Coke.

**Rachel:** Wow, I really get [[Friends-词汇总表#crabby\|crabby]] when I [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey, Chandler, and Phoebe are there as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Ross:** So uh, Emily called last night…

**Chandler:** And now you’re giving me the message!

**Ross:** Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they’re going to the theatre together! They’re going to dinner! They’re going [[Friends-词汇总表#horseback\|horseback]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|riding]]!

**Phoebe:** God, Susan is so fun!

**Ross:** Look, this is just a little too [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]], okay? For like, for like six months before Carol and I [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spilt]] up, all I heard was: "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."

**Chandler:** You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?

**Ross:** Hey, they’re going to the [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] together! Two women! Stretching! Y’know they-they take a [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]] together! Things get a little [[Friends-词汇总表#playful\|playful]]—didn’t you see Personal Best?

**Joey:** No, but I’m gonna!

**Chandler:** Hi! Hi! You’re crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight.

**Ross:** How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I definitely. I don’t like the name Ross.

**Ross:** What a weird way to kick me when I’m down.

**Phoebe:** No! No! I-I meant for the baby!

**Ross:** Oh. What’s wrong with Ross?

**Phoebe:** Well, it’s just y’know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y’know…

**Ross:** Actually that-that’s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found… *(Sees everyone staring at him and stops.)* Y’know, ugh, [[Friends-词汇总表#nevermind\|nevermind]], my girlfriend’s a lesbian. *(Leaves.)*

**Phoebe:** So, I [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] I’m definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.

**Joey:** Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] person named Chandler.

**Chandler:** Raymond Chandler.

**Joey:** Someone you didn’t make up!

**Chandler:** Okay, there are no [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] Joey’s. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.

**Joey:** Yeah, that guy really hurt us.

**Phoebe:** Well, how about a [[Friends-词汇总表#compromise\|compromise]] then, okay? What if it’s like y’know, Chanoey?

**Chandler:** Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he’ll never be President. There’s never gonna be a President Joey.

**Joey:** All right look man, I didn’t want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the [[Friends-词汇总表#stupidest\|stupidest]] name I ever heard in my life! It’s not even a name; it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] even a word. Okay? It’s kinda like [[Friends-词汇总表#chandelier\|chandelier]], but it’s not! All right? It’s a stupid, stupid non-name!

**Chandler:** Wow, you’re, you’re right. I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]], horrible name.

**Joey:** I’m sorry man, I didn’t—I’m-I’m sorry. I’m sorry. *(Goes over and comforts him.)*

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Joey:** So I guess it’s Joey then!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is on her dinner date with Joshua.

**Joshua:** This is so nice. Thank you for doing this.

**Rachel:** Ohh, please! Cooking [[Friends-词汇总表#soothe\|soothes]] me. *(They kiss.)* Ahh. So, [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] in!

**Joshua:** Great! Oh, it all looks sooo good!

**Rachel:** *(taking a bite)* Hmmm!

**Joshua:** Oh my God!

**Rachel:** Oh I know, my God, this is so—this [[Friends-词汇总表#rice\|rice]] is so—I am so good.

**Joshua:** Behind you?

**Rachel:** *(sees the chick and the duck)* Oh, yeah, I’m sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they [[Friends-词汇总表#migrate\|migrate]] back over.

**Joshua:** *(getting up and backing away from they.)* Is there ah, is there some way they can not be here. It’s just ah, farm [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]] really kinda freak me out!

**Rachel:** Yeah, sure, okay. Okay.

*(Rachel gets up and ushers them into the hall, as they pass Joshua, he leaps onto the counter to avoid them. Rachel drops them off in the hall, and knocks on Joey’s door.)*

**Joey:** *(answering the door.)* Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in. *(He brings them inside.)*


> [!scene] Cut back to Rachel’s date.

**Rachel:** All gone! So, farm [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]], huh?

**Joshua:** Yeah, it’s-it’s my only weird thing, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]]. And I-I-I would’ve told you about it, but I didn’t know they would be here.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Joshua:** So, all right.

*(They both sit back down.)*

**Rachel:** Okay. So, can I serve you a little of—What? What? What? *(She sees that Joshua isn’t relaxed.)*

**Joshua:** Nothing I uh, it’s just that I know that they’re still out there.

**Rachel:** But, they’re across the hall! I mean that’s two doors away, it would take them a long time to [[Friends-词汇总表#peck\|peck]] their way back over here.

**Joshua:** Okay, that’s-that’s not funny. Uhh.

**Rachel:** Okay, y’know, would you feel better if we went [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y’know go to your apartment.

**Joshua:** Oh, they’re working on this week, it’s a total mess. But uh, I’m staying at my parents’ house, we could go there.

**Rachel:** Your parents’?

**Joshua:** Yeah, they’re out of town.

**Rachel:** Ohh.

**Joshua:** Yeah-yeah, it’s this huge place, and-and it’s got this [[Friends-词汇总表#gorgeous\|gorgeous]] view of the park, and very, very [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]]. What do you say?

**Rachel:** Yeah that works.

*(He moves to kiss her, but stops when he hears the duck.)*

**Joshua:** They-they-they can smell [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]].


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s apartment, Carol has come to pick up Ben.

**Ross:** *(opening the door.)* Hey!

**Carol:** Hey! How’s Ben?

**Ross:** Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweeping]]. *(We see Ben playing with a broom and a dustpan.)*

**Carol:** Hey, Ben! Hey!

**Ross:** So umm, any word from Susan?

**Carol:** Ooh, yeah! She said she’s having sooo much fun with Emily.

**Ross:** Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever [[Friends-词汇总表#occur\|occur]] to you that, I don’t know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?

**Carol:** What’s too much fun?

**Ross:** Y’know, the kind of fun, you and Susan had when we were married.

**Carol:** Oh my God, you are so [[Friends-词汇总表#paranoid\|paranoid]]!

**Ross:** Am I?!

**Carol:** Yes!

**Ross:** Am I?!

**Carol:** I can’t speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, [[Friends-词汇总表#commit\|committed]] relationship.

**Ross:** Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y’know? Say-say they’re coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a [[Friends-词汇总表#pub\|pub]] for a couple of drinks, they’re laughing, y’know, someone [[Friends-词汇总表#innocently\|innocently]] touches someone else… There’s [[Friends-词汇总表#electricity\|electricity]], it’s new. It’s exciting. Are you telling me there isn’t even the [[Friends-词汇总表#slightest\|slightest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] of something happening?

**Carol:** Maybe.

**Ross:** OH MY GOD!! I didn’t really believe it until you just said it!!


> [!scene] Scene: Joshua’s parents’ apartment, Rachel and Joshua are entering.

**Joshua:** …and even though none of the other kids believed me, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] to God, that [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushed]] me!

**Rachel:** Wow! This place is [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]]!

**Joshua:** Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] living room.

**Rachel:** Whoa-whoa, there’s two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must’ve been a real [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] [[Friends-词汇总表#magnet\|magnet]].

**Joshua:** Yeah, well, it would’ve been, but uh, my parents just moved here.

**Rachel:** Ohh, you should know, this place is a real [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] [[Friends-词汇总表#magnet\|magnet]]. Wanna make out?

*(They kiss.)*

**Joshua:** Hey, here’s an idea. Why don’t uh, I put the food in the [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] and we can eat it later?

**Rachel:** That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go [[Friends-词汇总表#freshen\|freshen]] up?

**Joshua:** Oh yeah, yeah uh, it’s down the hall and uh, second door to your left.

**Rachel:** Ah.

*(She goes down the hall. Joshua goes to put the food away when his parents walk in.) Mrs. Burgin: Oh, hi, darling!*

**Joshua:** Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here? Mrs. Burgin: Oh, well we cut the trip short. Mr. Burgin: France sucks!

**Joshua:** Umm, this may be a little weird, but I-I-I got a date here. Mrs. Burgin: Oh, say no more! Mr. Burgin: We’ll just grab some food and take it with us right [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]], and we’ll be right out of you hair.

**Joshua:** Oh, that-that would be great. So you didn’t even get to Italy? Mr. Burgin: Yep, sucks!

*(They all go into the kitchen. Just then, Rachel comes back from the bathroom; she had removed her dress and is wearing nothing but a lace nightie. She tries to find someplace seductive to wait for Joshua. She tries to sit on the piano, but it makes too much noise. So she goes over to the couch and kinda half lays down to wait for Joshua. Joshua comes in from the kitchen, sees Rachel, and freezes.)*

**Rachel:** Hi you!

**Joshua:** Oh my God!

**Rachel:** I know, I can do more than [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]].

*(Just then, his parents enter. Rachel gasps.) Mr. Burgin: I like her. She sees smart.*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Joshua’s parents’ apartment, continued from earlier.

**Joshua:** Uhh, Rachel, my parents…

**Rachel:** Ohh! It’s so nice to meet you. *(She goes over and shakes their hands.)* Hello. Mr. Burgin: Hi.

**Rachel:** Hello. Mrs. Burgin: Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for [[Friends-词汇总表#grocery\|groceries]].

**Rachel:** What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It’s-it’s, they’re-they’re wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people [[Friends-词汇总表#respond\|respond]], and then I report back to my [[Friends-词汇总表#superior\|superiors]] at Bloomingdale’s, so… And obviously in uh, in-in this case, *(She grabs a pen and paper)* I am going to report back, "USA not ready." Mrs. Burgin: Maybe in L.A?

**Rachel:** Yes!

**Joshua:** There you go. Mr. Burgin: So, have you kids eaten yet?

**Rachel:** Well, we were going to do that after—I mean umm, next. Mr. Burgin: Well, we’re [[Friends-词汇总表#starve\|starving]], why don’t we all go get something to eat?

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah, well… Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin’ around the house. Mr. Burgin: So… We go eat.

**Rachel:** Yes. Mr. Burgin: You’ll wear that. We’ll be eating, and of course, you’ll be wearing that.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is looking for a new name in Phoebe’s book of names.

**Joey:** Dude, I am sorry about what I said!

**Chandler:** No, no, you’re right, it is a [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] name!

**Joey:** It’s not that bad.

**Chandler:** Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name.

**Joey:** So, you’re just Bing?

**Chandler:** I have no name.

**Phoebe:** All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?

**Chandler:** Okay uh, for now, [[Friends-词汇总表#temporarily\|temporarily]], you can call me, Clint.

**Joey:** No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.

**Chandler:** Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?

**Phoebe:** Umm, Gene.

**Chandler:** It’s Clint. It’s Clint! *(He heads for his bedroom.)*

**Joey:** See you later, Gene.

**Phoebe:** Bye, Gene.

**Chandler:** It’s Clint! Clint!

**Joey:** What’s up with Gene?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is telling Phoebe and Monica of her date.

**Monica:** So, you wore your [[Friends-词汇总表#nightie\|nightie]] to dinner?

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spilled]] water down my back, I jumped up, and my [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] popped out.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!

**Monica:** Oh, no!

**Rachel:** No, it’s all right. I got nice [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]]. *(Phoebe and Monica nod there heads in agreement.)*

**Ross:** *(returning from the phone.)* So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a [[Friends-词汇总表#poetry\|poetry]] reading together!

**Rachel:** So?

**Ross:** So! Poetry? Susan’s gay! They’re being gay together!

**Monica:** Emily’s straight.

**Ross:** Oh, wake up!

**Phoebe:** Wow, Carol really messed you up!

**Ross:** Excuse me?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this [[Friends-词汇总表#untrusting\|untrusting]], crazy, [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]], [[Friends-词汇总表#sycophant\|sycophant]]. *(They all look at her.)* All right, so I don’t know what [[Friends-词汇总表#sycophant\|sycophant]] means, but the rest is right.

**Ross:** Look, I don’t know what you’re talking about, I am not a crazy, [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] person.

**Rachel:** Huh.

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** She’s totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing going on.

**Monica:** This totally makes sense!

**Ross:** It does not!

**Monica:** Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren’t [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] at all even though all your girlfriends were [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheating]] on you!

**Phoebe:** All right, all right, so up until ‘92-93 he was very trusting, then ’94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!

**Rachel:** Absolutely! Absolutely!

**Monica:** This is so much fun!

**Ross:** This is not fun!

**Monica:** Look, all we’re trying to say is, don’t let what happened with Carol [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] what you got with Emily.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. The ’92 Ross wouldn’t.

**Ross:** Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.

**Rachel:** What—yeah—what, y’know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Phoebe is showing off more of her drum skills to Joey by rubbing one of the sticks back and forth across the drum.

**Phoebe:** Drum [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]].

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?

**Joey:** Nah, you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]] enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.

**Chandler:** All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the [[Friends-词汇总表#courthouse\|courthouse]].

**Phoebe:** You’re actually going through with this?

**Chandler:** Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it’s probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women… So, as of 4 o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] tomorrow, I’m either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.

**Phoebe:** You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact—yes, *(To Joey)* I’m, I’m sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I’m-I’m, I’m gonna, I’m gonna name the baby Chandler.

**Chandler:** *(pleased)* Really?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but you have to keep the name too!

**Chandler:** Okay. Thanks.

**Phoebe:** Okay!

**Chandler:** You wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] it out?

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

*(They both hug.)*

**Phoebe:** Yay!

**Chandler:** Yay!

**Phoebe:** Yay—oh—yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!

**Chandler:** Okay!

**Phoebe:** Ooh, uh… *(She grabs her coat and runs out.)*

**Chandler:** Bye, Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** Okay, bye!

*(She exits, and after the door is closed, Chandler turns to Joey and…)*

**Chandler:** Ha! Ha! Ha!

**Joey:** Ohh! *(Realises it was all a trick to get Phoebe to name the baby Chandler.)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Airport, Carol and Ross are waiting for Emily and Susan to deplane. A gorgeous woman walks by and they both turn to watch her go.

**Ross:** Nice [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]].

**Carol:** I was gonna say…

*(Susan and Emily get off.)*

**Susan:** Hey!

*(They both run and hug they’re respective partners.)*

**Ross:** Hi!

**Emily:** Hey! I missed you.

**Ross:** Oh, I missed you too.

**Susan:** *(To Emily)* Thanks for everything, I had such a great time.

**Emily:** Oh, so did I.

*(They hug and give each other a little peck on the cheek.)*

**Ross:** *(To Carol)* No [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]]. *(And gives her the thumbs up.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（48）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 4 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, believe me when he’s older, he’ll understand.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 4 | 253 | 119 | *Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they’re going to the theatre together! They’re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 4 | 228 | 137 | *Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "N* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 3 | 209 | 116 | *Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 3 | 266 | 138 | *What a weird way to kick me when I’m down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Bye, Gene.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 2 | 64 | 51 | *That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 2 | 81 | 53 | *Y’know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people’s sex clothes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they’re going to the theatre together! They’re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 2 | 96 | 75 | *Yeah, I definitely. I don’t like the name Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *All right look man, I didn’t want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 2 | 88 | 68 | *Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here? Mrs. Burgin: Oh, well we cut the trip short. Mr. Burgin: Fra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 2 | 82 | 60 | *No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *She’s totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely! Absolutely!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Ha-ha.  No, it’s just I’m so pregnant that I—my guitar doesn’t fit anymore. So I thought ‘til I’m no* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Don’t get me started.  Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our nam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Oh yeah, I’m so excited, I’ve never been there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey’s your pal. Joey’s your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *What a weird way to kick me when I’m down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Actually that-that’s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found…  Y’know, u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Actually that-that’s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found…  Y’know, u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Yeah, that guy really hurt us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *So I guess it’s Joey then!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Is there ah, is there some way they can not be here. It’s just ah, farm birds really kinda freak me * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Okay, y’know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *Oh, they’re working on this week, it’s a total mess. But uh, I’m staying at my parents’ house, we co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *They-they-they can smell fear.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *I can’t speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, committed relationship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here? Mrs. Burgin: Oh, well we cut the trip short. Mr. Burgin: Fra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here? Mrs. Burgin: Oh, well we cut the trip short. Mr. Burgin: Fra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Umm, this may be a little weird, but I-I-I got a date here. Mrs. Burgin: Oh, say no more! Mr. Burgin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I wo* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *So, you’re just Bing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Oh, wake up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me?* |

### 常用词（59）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 4 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] | /'feimәs/ | a. 出名的, 极好的 | s widely known and esteemed | 3 | 25 | 15 | *Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 3 | 48 | 31 | *Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant.  All right, so I don* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 2 | 118 | 49 | *Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 2 | 46 | 20 | *I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 2 | 38 | 27 | *Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock’s a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 1* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 2 | 42 | 30 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salmon\|salmon]] | /'sæmәn/ | n. 鲑鱼, 大麻哈鱼 | n. any of various large food and game fishes of northern waters; usually migrate | 2 | 21 | 12 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 2 | 48 | 39 | *Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 2 | 65 | 46 | *Wow, you’re, you’re right. I have a horrible, horrible name.* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 2 | 33 | 27 | *Great! Oh, it all looks sooo good!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 2 | 54 | 35 | *Is there ah, is there some way they can not be here. It’s just ah, farm birds really kinda freak me * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 2 | 62 | 47 | *Yeah, it’s-it’s my only weird thing, I swear. And I-I-I would’ve told you about it, but I didn’t kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] | /beib/ | n. 小孩, 天真幼稚的人 | n a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk | 2 | 14 | 13 | *Whoa-whoa, there’s two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must’ve been a real babe magne* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]] | /'beli/ | n. 腹部, 食欲 | n. a protruding abdomen | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Ha-ha.  No, it’s just I’m so pregnant that I—my guitar doesn’t fit anymore. So I thought ‘til I’m no* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]] | /'ju:tәrәs/ | n. 子宫 | n. a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the develop | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Oh, well, don’t tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock’s a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 1* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] | /ig'nɒ:/ | vt. 不理睬, 忽视, 驳回, 忽略 | v. refuse to acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Hey, uh, you can ignore that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Ohh, y’know, Susan’s gonna be shooting a commercial in London next week.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] | /tә'rifik/ | a. 非常好的, 极端的, 可怕的 | s. very great or intense | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Oh, there’s tonnes of terrific stuff—I’ll go with you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticate]] | /sә'fistikeit/ | n. 久经世故的人, 精于...之道的人 | n. a worldly-wise person | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Hey, y’know what, if you’re gonna do that, if you’re gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] | /'sәudә/ | n. 苏打, 碳酸水 | n a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and pape | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he’ll be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *I knew I shouldn’t have mentioned it! That’s what I wanted to name my kid!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *Sorry. I’m so exited! I’ve been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Sorry. I’m so exited! I’ve been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]] | /'sælәd/ | n. 色拉 | n. food mixtures either arranged on a plate or tossed and served with a moist dr | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 1 | 44 | 29 | *Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] | /beik/ | vt. 烘焙, 烤 | v. cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 26 | 15 | *Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they’re going to the theatre together! They’re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for like six months before Carol and I spi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] | /dʒim/ | n. +体育馆, 体育训练, 体育课, 体操 | n athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training | 1 | 33 | 23 | *Hey, they’re going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y’know they-they take a steam togethe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *All right look man, I didn’t want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] | /dig/ | vt. 挖, 翻土, 发掘 | n. the site of an archeological exploration | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Ohh, please! Cooking soothes me.  Ahh. So, dig in!* |
| hmmm |  | abbr. 六甲氧基甲基三聚氰胺；氨基树脂 |  | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Hmmm!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gorgeous\|gorgeous]] | /'gɒ:dʒәs/ | a. 华丽的, 灿烂的 | s. dazzlingly beautiful | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Yeah-yeah, it’s this huge place, and-and it’s got this gorgeous view of the park, and very, very rom* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Yeah-yeah, it’s this huge place, and-and it’s got this gorgeous view of the park, and very, very rom* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]] | /fiә/ | n. 恐怖, 害怕, 担心 | n. an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usual | 1 | 29 | 14 | *They-they-they can smell fear.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] | /.pɒsә'biliti/ | n. 可能性, 可能的事 | n. a future prospect or potential | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 1 | 63 | 32 | *…and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *…and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *Hey, here’s an idea. Why don’t uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Umm, this may be a little weird, but I-I-I got a date here. Mrs. Burgin: Oh, say no more! Mr. Burgin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *No, no, you’re right, it is a ridiculous name!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] | /'weitә/ | n. 侍者 | n. a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant) | 1 | 30 | 18 | *Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 1 | 27 | 18 | *Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]] | /tʃi:t/ | n. 欺骗, 作弊, 骗子 | n. a deception for profit to yourself | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren’t jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Look, all we’re trying to say is, don’t let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Drum roll.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]] | /tɒ:l/ | a. 高的, 长的, 夸大的 | n. a garment size for a tall person | 1 | 23 | 18 | *Nah, you’re not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *You wanna hug it out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 1 | 21 | 18 | *No tongue.* |

### 低频词（77）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burgin\|burgin]] |  | [人名] 伯金 |  | 12 | 12 | 1 | *Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here? Mrs. Burgin: Oh, well we cut the trip short. Mr. Burgin: Fra* |
| clint | /klint/ | n. 石芽；石灰岩岩脊；岩沟 |  | 6 | 7 | 2 | *Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hulk\|hulk]] | /hʌlk/ | n. 船体, 笨重的船, 废然大物 | n. a ship that has been wrecked and abandoned | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drum\|drum]] | /drʌm/ | n. 鼓, 鼓声 | n. a musical percussion instrument; usually consists of a hollow cylinder with a | 3 | 11 | 3 | *Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] | /'smeli/ | a. 发臭的, 有臭味的 | s offensively malodorous | 2 | 34 | 7 | *Listen. Listen.  Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loveable\|loveable]] | /'lʌvəbl/ | a. 可爱的, 惹人爱的 | a having characteristics that attract love or affection | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Hey, y’know what, if you’re gonna do that, if you’re gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rice\|rice]] | /rais/ | n. 米, 米饭, 稻 | n. grains used as food either unpolished or more often polished | 2 | 9 | 5 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paranoid\|paranoid]] | /'pærәnɔid/ | a. (似)患妄想狂的, (似)患偏执狂的 | n. a person afflicted with paranoia | 2 | 8 | 6 | *Oh my God, you are so paranoid!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magnet\|magnet]] | /'mægnit/ | n. 磁铁, 有吸引力之人, 有吸引力之物 | n. (physics) a device that attracts iron and produces a magnetic field | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Whoa-whoa, there’s two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must’ve been a real babe magne* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poetry\|poetry]] | /'pәuitri/ | n. 诗, 韵文, 诗歌艺术 | n. literature in metrical form | 2 | 6 | 4 | *So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sycophant\|sycophant]] | /'sikәfәnt/ | n. 奉承者, 谄媚者, 追随者 | n. a person who tries to please someone in order to gain a personal advantage | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant.  All right, so I don* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favour\|favour]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好感, 偏爱, 喜爱, 相信, 庇护, 赞同, 支持, 信赖, 善行, 恩惠, 徽章, 礼物 | n a feeling of favorable regard | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Umm, actually, I came down to ask you a big favour.* |
| leslie | /'lezli, 'lisli/ | n. 莱斯利（男子名） |  | 1 | 18 | 8 | *No. No. No.  Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] | /'tru:li/ | adv. 真实地, 不假 | r. in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Don’t get me started.  Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our nam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honour\|honour]] | /'ɒnә/ | n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章 | n the state of being honored | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Don’t get me started.  Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our nam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cougar\|cougar]] | /'ku:gә/ | n. 美洲狮 | n. large American feline resembling a lion | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow! That’s so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rod\|rod]] | /rɒd/ | n. 竿, 笞鞭, 小枝 | n. a long thin implement made of metal or wood | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horribly\|horribly]] | /'hɒrәbli/ | adv. 可怕地, 非常地 | r of a dreadful kind | 1 | 5 | 4 | *I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#traumatise\|traumatise]] | /'trɒmeˌtaɪz/ | vt. 使受精神创伤 | v inflict a trauma upon | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ambitious\|ambitious]] | /æm'biʃәs/ | a. 有野心的, 抱负不凡的, 雄心勃勃的 | a. having a strong desire for success or achievement | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well that’s ambitious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tonne\|tonne]] | /tʌn/ | n. 吨, 公吨 | n a unit of weight equivalent to 1000 kilograms | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, there’s tonnes of terrific stuff—I’ll go with you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confident\|confident]] | /'kɒnfidәnt/ | a. 有信心的, 有把握的 | a. having or marked by confidence or assurance | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book  and found nothing! I want a name that’s re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exxon\|exxon]] | /'ɛksan/ | n. 艾克森石油公司 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book  and found nothing! I want a name that’s re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#valdez\|valdez]] | /væl'di:z/ | 瓦尔迪兹[美国阿拉斯加州南部港市] | n. a port on Alaska's southern coast from which oil is shipped to markets around | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]] | /kri:p/ | n. 爬, 徐行, 蠕动 | n. someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Y’know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people’s sex clothes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exit\|exit]] | /'eksit/ | n. 出口, 退场, 离去, 去世 | n. an opening that permits escape or release | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Sorry. I’m so exited! I’ve been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colour]] | /'kʌlә/ | n. 颜色, 面色, 颜料, 外貌 | n any material used for its color | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Sorry. I’m so exited! I’ve been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frieze\|frieze]] | /fri:z/ | n. 饰带, 带状物, 起绒粗呢 | n. an architectural ornament consisting of a horizontal sculptured band between  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goat\|goat]] | /gәut/ | n. 山羊, 替罪羊, 色鬼 | n. any of numerous agile ruminants related to sheep but having a beard and strai | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pine\|pine]] | /pain/ | n. 松树, 松木 | n. a coniferous tree | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roast\|roast]] | /rәust/ | n. 烤肉, 烘烤, 嘲笑 | n. a piece of meat roasted or for roasting and of a size for slicing into more t | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asparagus\|asparagus]] | /ә'spærәgәs/ | n. 芦笋 | n. plant whose succulent young shoots are cooked and eaten as a vegetable | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#croup\|croup]] | /kru:p/ | n. 哮吼, 四脚动物的臀部 | n. a disease of infants and young children; harsh coughing and hoarseness and fe | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, you’re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#filet\|filet]] | /fi'lei, 'fi:lei/ | n. 头带, 轮廓线, 带状物, 带子, 束发带, 肉片, 鱼片, 襻, 嵌条, 丘带, (内)圆角 | n. lace having a square mesh | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I thought I was making him filet mignon?* |
| mignon | /'minjɔn/ | a. 可爱的, 娇小美丽的 | a. See 3d Minion. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I thought I was making him filet mignon?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coke\|coke]] | /kәuk/ | n. 可口可乐, 焦炭 | n. carbon fuel produced by distillation of coal | 1 | 13 | 8 | *Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crabby\|crabby]] | /'kræbi/ | a. 脾气坏的, 易怒的, 坏脾气的 | s annoyed and irritable | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Wow, I really get crabby when I cook.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horseback\|horseback]] | /'hɒ:sbæk/ | n. 马背 | n. the back of a horse | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they’re going to the theatre together! They’re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]] | /spil/ | n. 溢出, 溅出, 摔下, 溢出量, 木片, 小塞子 | n. liquid that is spilled | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for like six months before Carol and I spi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stretch\|stretch]] | /stretʃ/ | n. 伸展, 张开, 连绵, 一段路, 一段时间 | n. a large and unbroken expanse or distance | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Hey, they’re going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y’know they-they take a steam togethe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]] | /sti:m/ | n. 蒸汽, 精力 | n. water at boiling temperature diffused in the atmosphere | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Hey, they’re going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y’know they-they take a steam togethe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#playful\|playful]] | /'pleiful/ | a. 爱打趣的, 多趣的, 开玩笑的, 嬉戏的 | a. full of fun and high spirits | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, they’re going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y’know they-they take a steam togethe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bruce\|bruce]] | /bru:s/ | n. 布鲁斯 | n. Australian physician and bacteriologist who described the bacterium that caus | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Actually that-that’s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found…  Y’know, u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#banner\|banner]] | /'bænә/ | n. 旗帜 | n. long strip of cloth or paper used for decoration or advertising | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Actually that-that’s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found…  Y’know, u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nevermind\|nevermind]] | /'nevә'maind/ | 注意, 留意, 理会 |  | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Actually that-that’s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found…  Y’know, u* |
| raymond | /'reimɔnd/ | n. 雷蒙德（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Raymond Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compromise\|compromise]] | /'kɒmprәmaiz/ | n. 妥协, 折中, 折中方案, 和解 | n. a middle way between two extremes | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it’s like y’know, Chanoey?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupidest\|stupidest]] |  | a. 蠢的( stupid的最高级 ) | a lacking or marked by lack of intellectual acuity | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All right look man, I didn’t want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chandelier\|chandelier]] | /,ʃændi'liә/ | n. 枝形吊灯 | n. branched lighting fixture; often ornate; hangs from the ceiling | 1 | 3 | 3 | *All right look man, I didn’t want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soothe\|soothe]] | /su:ð/ | vt. 缓和, 使安静, 安慰, 奉承 | v. cause to feel better | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Ohh, please! Cooking soothes me.  Ahh. So, dig in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#migrate\|migrate]] | /'maigreit/ | vi. 移动, 移往, 随季节而移居 | v. move from one country or region to another and settle there | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, yeah, I’m sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peck\|peck]] | /pek/ | n. 配克(英美干量单位), 啄痕, 啄食, 许多 | n. a British imperial capacity measure (liquid or dry) equal to 2 gallons | 1 | 2 | 2 | *But, they’re across the hall! I mean that’s two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] | /'sʌmpleis/ | adv. 在某处 | r in or at or to some place; (`someplace' is used informally for `somewhere') | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Okay, y’know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweep]] | /swi:p/ | n. 扫除, 打扫, 肃清, 视野, 范围, 全胜 | n. a wide scope | 1 | 12 | 7 | *Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "N* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occur\|occur]] | /ә'kә:/ | vi. 发生, 被想到, 存在 | v. come to one's mind; suggest itself | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don’t know, maybe they mi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commit\|commit]] | /kә'mit/ | vt. 委托(托付), 犯罪, 指派...作战, 使承担义务 | v. cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I can’t speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, committed relationship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pub\|pub]] | /pʌb/ | n. 酒馆, 客栈 | n tavern consisting of a building with a bar and public rooms; often provides li | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#innocently\|innocently]] |  | adv. 纯洁地；无罪地 | r. in a not unlawful manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#electricity\|electricity]] | /.ilek'trisiti/ | n. 电, 电流, 电学, 热情, 电力供应 | n. a physical phenomenon associated with stationary or moving electrons and prot | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slightest\|slightest]] |  | a. 极不重要的, 最少的 | a (quantifier used with mass nouns) small in quantity or degree; not much or alm | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]] | /'fæbjulәs/ | a. 传说的, 寓言般的, 难以置信的 | s. extremely pleasing | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Wow! This place is fabulous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freshen\|freshen]] | /'freʃn/ | v. (使)显得新鲜, (使)精神饱满, (使)减少咸味 | v. become or make oneself fresh again | 1 | 2 | 2 | *That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grocery\|grocery]] | /'grәusәri/ | n. 食品杂货店, 食品杂货业 | n. (usually plural) consumer goods sold by a grocer | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Hello. Mrs. Burgin: Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milan\|milan]] | /mi'læn/ | n. 米兰 | n. the capital of Lombardy in northern Italy; has been an international center o | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#respond\|respond]] | /ri'spɒnd/ | vt. 以...回答 | v. respond favorably or as hoped | 1 | 5 | 5 | *What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#superior\|superior]] | /sju:'piәriә/ | n. 长者, 占优势的人, 上级 | n. one of greater rank or station or quality | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I wo* |
| bloomingdale |  | n. 布卢明代尔百货公司 |  | 1 | 12 | 9 | *What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#starve\|starve]] | /stɑ:v/ | v. (使)饿死, (使)挨饿 | v. be hungry; go without food | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Well, we were going to do that after—I mean umm, next. Mr. Burgin: Well, we’re starving, why don’t w* |
| lyin |  | [网络] 说谎的；李颖；除甲醛这款有用 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, yeah, well… Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin’ around the house. Mr. Burgin: So… We go e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#temporarily\|temporarily]] | /'tempәrәrәli/ | adv. 暂时, 一时, 临时 | r. for a limited time only; not permanently | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nightie\|nightie]] | /'naiti:/ | n. 女式睡衣, 孩子穿的睡衣, 妇女穿的睡衣 | n lingerie consisting of a loose dress designed to be worn in bed by women | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So, you wore your nightie to dinner?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#untrusting\|untrusting]] |  | 不信任的 | s openly distrustful and unwilling to confide | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant.  All right, so I don* |
| bamn |  | [网络] 通过一切意味着必要(By All Means Necessary) |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All right, all right, so up until ‘92-93 he was very trusting, then ’94 hit, Carol left him and bamn* |
| barney | /'bɑ:ni/ | n. [口]大吵大闹；拉曳器 |  | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Nah, you’re not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#courthouse\|courthouse]] | /'kɒ:thaus/ | n. 法院, 郡政府所在地 | n. a government building that houses the offices of a county government | 1 | 3 | 2 | *All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#markson\|markson]] |  | [人名] 马克森 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it’s probably why kids picked on* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]] | /'lʌgidʒ/ | n. 行李, 皮箱 | n cases used to carry belongings when traveling | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Nice luggage.* |
