---
season: 4
episode: "06"
title: "The One With The Dirty Girl"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E06 — The One With The Dirty Girl

*Written by: Scott Silveri & Shana Goldberg-Meehan*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross and a beautiful blonde (Cheryl) are standing outside. The rest of the gang is watching from inside.

**Cheryl:** So, thank you for the [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] dinner.

**Ross:** You're welcome for a [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] dinner.


> [!scene] inside

**Phoebe:** Hey what are you guys looking at?

**Chandler:** Ross and the most beautiful girl in the world.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, come to [[Friends-词汇总表#papa\|papa]].


> [!scene] Cheryl walks away and Ross walks inside. Everyone stares at him in disbelief.

**Ross:** I know!

**Monica:** Probably the only time I'll ever say this, but did you see the ass on her?

**Chandler:** Where did you, when did you, how did you... *(Joey hits the back of Chandler's head)* How did you get a girl like that?

**Rachel:** Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a [[Friends-词汇总表#spokesmodel\|spokesmodel]], or an [[Friends-词汇总表#aerobics\|aerobics]] [[Friends-词汇总表#instructor\|instructor]], what?

**Ross:** Actually she's a [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] [[Friends-词汇总表#doctoral\|doctoral]] [[Friends-词汇总表#candidate\|candidate]], [[Friends-词汇总表#specialize\|specializing]] in the centazoic [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]].

**Chandler:** Okay, but that's, like, the [[Friends-词汇总表#easiest\|easiest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]].

**Ross:** I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.

**Rachel:** Well maybe she and her friends are just having a [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]] to see who can bring home the [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]].

**Ross:** Fine by me; hope she wins.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's. Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are there. Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** Hi. You guys have any [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrapping]] paper?

**Phoebe:** Oo! Is it for my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] present?

**Chandler:** Phebes, it was your [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]], like, months ago.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but remember you said you ordered something special, and it just hasn't come yet?

**Chandler:** Well, I have a call in about that.

**Phoebe:** 'Kay.

**Chandler:** Actually, this is for Kathy's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]. It's an early edition of her favorite book.

**Rachel:** Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]] real!

**Chandler:** Okay, but don't touch it, because you [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]] have [[Friends-词汇总表#destructive\|destructive]] oils.

**Rachel:** Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#rare\|rare]]. How did you get that?

**Chandler:** Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#bookstore\|bookstores]], talked to a couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#dealer\|dealers]]... called a couple of the author's [[Friends-词汇总表#grandchild\|grandchildren]].

**Rachel:** Oh, honey, that's so sweet.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I [[Friends-词汇总表#secretly\|secretly]] love you, roommate's girlfriend!"

**Chandler:** It doesn't say that. Does it?

**Ross:** How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningful\|meaningful]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?

**Chandler:** Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.

**Phoebe:** It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a [[Friends-词汇总表#crossbow\|crossbow]]!

**Monica:** *(Entering from her bedroom, talking on the phone)* Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye. *(To the gang)* I just had to turn down a job [[Friends-词汇总表#cater\|catering]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#funeral\|funeral]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#sixty\|sixty]] people.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! What happened?

**Monica:** Sixty guests.

**Ross:** So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?

**Monica:** Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.

**Phoebe:** Wow, what is with all the [[Friends-词汇总表#negativity\|negativity]]? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... *(Monica looks almost puzzled)* ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this [[Friends-词汇总表#cater\|catering]] thing for over three years. Do you want to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]] or not?

**Monica:** I don't know.

**Phoebe:** There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] you money, but just get moving!

**Monica:** Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.

**Phoebe:** Okay! It's worth it, if it will get you moving. You haven't worked in months.

**Monica:** Well, you're not working either.

**Phoebe:** Yes, but I'm doing this.

**Monica:** Yeah, that'd be great! Thank you!


> [!scene] Joey enters

**Joey:** Hey!

**Everyone:** Hey.

**Kathy:** Can I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] the keys to your apartment?

**Joey:** Why?


> [!scene] Kathy whispers something in Joey's ear

**Joey:** You can [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] here!

**Kathy:** Ahahaha... [[Friends-词汇总表#haha\|haha]].. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.

**Chandler:** It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. *(Kathy goes into the bathroom.)* Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]?

**Joey:** We've only been going out for a couple of weeks, do you think I gotta get her something?

**Everyone:** Yeah!

**Rachel:** Yes, you have to get her something, and it should be something really nice.

**Joey:** Oh, I know...

**Rachel:** And not one of your [[Friends-词汇总表#coupon\|coupons]] for an hour of "Joey Love."


> [!scene] cut to a new scene, also in Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is sitting, Phoebe is nearby.

**Phoebe:** Ooo, a [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]]! Can I help?

**Rachel:** No! I'm sorry, honey, it's just that last week I got all but three answers and I really want to finish a whole one without any help.

**Phoebe:** Fine. But you can't help me develop my new universal language.


> [!scene] Monica enters

**Monica:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey, how'd it go?

**Monica:** Oh my God, it was the best [[Friends-词汇总表#funeral\|funeral]] ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow—the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]] for that [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]]!

**Phoebe:** Mon! I'm so happy for you!

**Monica:** Thanks. Like, check out my new [[Friends-词汇总表#cater\|catering]] stuff. *(Picks up two frying pans)* Look at this! I'm an [[Friends-词汇总表#omelet\|omelet]] station! Omelet? Made to order!

**Phoebe:** I'll have one, please. Plus my money.

**Monica:** Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]]. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look—I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Okay. Oo, sorry I acted like a bank.

**Monica:** Okay.


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Cheryl's apartment, Ross and Cheryl are kissing

**Ross:** *(moved by the kiss)* Huh...

**Cheryl:** Um, would you like to come in?

**Ross:** Did [[Friends-词汇总表#homo\|homo]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#erectus\|erectus]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] tools?

**Cheryl:** According to recent findings!


> [!scene] They go into the apartment. Inside the apartment it looks like a sewage dump exploded and landed in her living room. There are clothes and food and junk covering every square inch of space. I mean pigs have nicer pens. Ross is completely shocked.

**Cheryl:** *(throwing food around the room)* Here Mitzi! Here Mitzi!

**Ross:** Mitzi is.....

**Cheryl:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#hamster\|hamster]]. I hope she's okay, I haven't seen her in a while. Have a seat.

**Ross:** *(mouths "where?")* Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh *(steps on some garbage and falters)* ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?

**Cheryl:** What?

**Ross:** Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]], break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...

**Cheryl:** I'd rather not.

**Ross:** Oh, yeah, why not?

**Cheryl:** Okay, um, don't take this the wrong way, but your place kinda has a weird smell.


> [!scene] Scene: A kitchen where Phoebe and Monica are finishing up a catering job

**Monica:** Oh, is everything in the car?

**Phoebe:** Yes. Did you [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] the bill?

**Monica:** No. I hate this part.

**Phoebe:** Oh, look what we almost left. *(Picks up a coffee maker)*

**Monica:** No, that's not mine.

**Phoebe:** Oh, all right. Oh! Look what we almost took!


> [!scene] cut to the living room of the same dwelling, where the funeral guests are mingling. Monica enters.

**Monica:** Excuse me, Mrs. Burkart? Well, we're all cleaned up in the kitchen. Mrs. Burkart: Oh, good. Thank you.

**Monica:** Um, and, well there's the.. the the small matter of... Mrs. Burkart: Dear?

**Monica:** Just the matter of ...payment? Mrs. Burkart: *(in grief)* Jack used to handle the finances! *(Breaks into tears)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is on the couch still doing the crossword. Chandler is in the kitchen.

**Rachel:** You know what we should all do? Go see a musical.

**Chandler:** *(confused)* Sure...

**Rachel:** And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]]. Do you happen to know the name of that one?

**Chandler:** I don't know... um, Grease?

**Rachel:** No....

**Chandler:** Rent?

**Rachel:** Yes! Rent!

**Chandler:** Okay, so when do you want to go?

**Rachel:** What? Oh, I'm sorry, I can't, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]].

**Joey:** *(entering the apartment)* Hey. Man, it is so hard to shop for girls.

**Chandler:** Yes, it is, at Office Max.

**Rachel:** What did you get her? *(Joey opens up a rectangular black box and holds up a pen.)*

**Chandler:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]].

**Joey:** It's two gifts in one. It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] that's also a [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]! Huh?

**Chandler:** Huh-huh! You can't give her that.

**Joey:** Why not?

**Chandler:** Because she's not [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]]! And it's not the [[Friends-词汇总表#seventh\|seventh]] night of Hanukkah!

**Rachel:** Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives?

**Joey:** Sure it is! She needs a [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] for work, she's writing, she turns it over.... "Whoa! It's time for my date with Joey!"

**Chandler:** All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]?

**Joey:** She didn't have a [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] while we were going out.

**Chandler:** For three years?

**Joey:** *(whining and heading toward the door)* Look, it's too late, and I got an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]. I can't shop anymore! I...

**Chandler:** All right. I will go out and I will try to find something for her, okay?

**Joey:** Thanks, man. And oh, while you're at it, could you get her a card?

**Chandler:** Would you like me to write her a little [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] as well?

**Joey:** Or... just get a card that has a [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] already in it.


> [!scene] Scene: Back in the kitchen at the funeral. Phoebe is there, Monica enters.

**Phoebe:** But Mon, you have to get our money!

**Monica:** Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those [[Friends-词汇总表#thick\|thick]] glasses, her [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tears]] looked [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]].

**Phoebe:** I know, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]]. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's [[Friends-词汇总表#funeral\|funeral]] was?

**Monica:** What?

**Phoebe:** Pay the [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]]! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] wasn't long enough, or, "I don't [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] any of those songs," or, you know, "these [[Friends-词汇总表#sombrero\|sombreros]] aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"

**Monica:** Okay. So what do you.... you think she's [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|faking]]?

**Phoebe:** Well, it seems like there weren't any [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tears]] 'til you showed her the bill.

**Monica:** Phoebe, she sounded pretty upset to me.


> [!scene] cut to the living room where Mrs. Burkart is now performing.] Mrs. Burkart: (singing) You're a grand ol' flag, you're a high-flying flag, and forever in peace may you wave....

**Phoebe:** She seems fine now. Mrs. Burkart: *(singing)* ...[[Friends-词汇总表#emblem\|emblem]] of the land I love. The home of....


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Joey are standing and talking, Ross is tying a tie.

**Joey:** So, you just left? Her place was really that bad?

**Ross:** You know how you throw your [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] on a chair at the end of the day?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#pile\|pile]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]]. And instead of a [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]], it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time, and garbage is all that has [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survived]]! *(Ross takes the loosely tied tie off and hands it to Joey who puts it on.)* Here.

**Joey:** Wow. Thanks. So, uh, what happened?

**Ross:** What do you mean? Nothing happened! I had to get out of there.

**Joey:** All right, so... next time, you take her to your place.

**Ross:** No, I tried that. She says it has a weird smell.

**Joey:** What kind of smell?

**Ross:** I don't know. Soap?

**Joey:** All right, listen, Ross... you like this girl, right?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Joey:** You wanna see her again, right?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Joey:** So you're gonna have to do it in the mess!

**Ross:** Yeah, okay you're right.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Ross:** I mean, uh, who... who cares about a little [[Friends-词汇总表#sloppiness\|sloppiness]]?

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Ross:** It's, uh... it's [[Friends-词汇总表#endear\|endearing]], really.

**Joey:** All right! Now you go get that beautiful [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]]! *(Ross hesitates, looks unsure)* Oink!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel, Rachel is there, Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** Okay, all right. I just spent the entire [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]].

**Rachel:** Any luck?

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." *(Motions to an imaginary pile of presents next to him.)* Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?

**Rachel:** All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]], and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.

**Chandler:** She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.

**Rachel:** Aw, honey, that's so sweet.

**Chandler:** Yeah? You don't think it's just [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]]?

**Rachel:** Oh! Pathetic! *(Grabs the crossword puzzle and starts writing.)*

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey! I'm meeting Kathy in ten minutes! I've been looking all over for you!

**Chandler:** Where?

**Joey:** Our place, the hall! I...

**Chandler:** I got something for her. *(Joey picks up the package, shakes it next to his ear, can't hear anything, switches ears, shakes it again.)* It's a book!

**Joey:** *(Unimpressed)* A book? *(Suddenly interested)* Is it like a book that's also a safe?

**Chandler:** No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?

**Joey:** You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you one. *(Joey leaves, comes back in.)* Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]], was there?

**Chandler:** No, it came out to an even [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]].

**Joey:** Wow. That's almost as much as a new book.


> [!scene] Scene: In the living room at the funeral] Mrs. Burkart: (singing) Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those eyes?


> [!scene] cut to Monica and Phoebe in the kitchen

**Phoebe:** You didn't get the money, did you?

**Monica:** Maybe I can try at [[Friends-词汇总表#intermission\|intermission]]? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!

**Phoebe:** No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough! *(Phoebe goes into the living room.)* Hey, [[Friends-词汇总表#widow\|widow]]? Mrs. Burkart: *(Singing)* Come on along and listen to...

**Phoebe:** Okay, Widow! Mrs. Burkart: *(Singing)* ...the lullabye of...

**Phoebe:** Excuse me. Excuse me! *(Mrs. Bukart stops singing)* Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every [[Friends-词汇总表#penny\|penny]]. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterers]], and we have no place else to go. Mrs. Burkart: All right. I'll get my bag.

**Phoebe:** Good. *(Phoebe and Mrs. Burkart go into the other room, leaving Monica with everyone staring at her.)*

**Monica:** I'm gonna leave some cards here. Please think of us for you next event.


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Cheryl's apartment.

**Cheryl:** So you want to come inside?

**Ross:** *(mustering up courage)* Yes. Yes I do. *(They go inside.)*

**Cheryl:** I'll be right back. Make yourself [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]]. *(Ross attempts to clear a place for his coat and fold it small enough to fit. Then hit sits on the couch. Something falls on him from above and he brushes his neck off frantically.)*

**Cheryl:** *(sneaking up behind Ross)* Guess who?

**Ross:** Department of Sanitation?

**Cheryl:** It's me!

**Ross:** Oh! *(She kisses him)* Ah. *(They kiss more, and move down onto the couch. Ross's hand moves under some garbage)* Aw! *(His hand is covered with something brown and gooey.)*

**Cheryl:** What?

**Ross:** *(trying to make his disgust into lust)* Ah, Cheryl!

**Cheryl:** Oh, Ross!


> [!scene] They sit up, moaning in excitement, and Cheryl straddles Ross. Ross finds a slice of bologna and moans higher and louder, then a bag of potato chips on the coffee table starts to move. Ross throws Cheryl off his lap, grabs a tennis racket and a toilet brush and starts pounding the bag.

**Cheryl:** Wait! No! No! It's my [[Friends-词汇总表#hamster\|hamster]]! It's Mitzi!

**Ross:** Oh my god! I'm so sorry, Cheryl. I must have freaked out.

**Cheryl:** *(looking in the bag)* Oh, thank god, it's not Mitzi. It's just a [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is sitting on the couch alone working on a crossword puzzle. Gunther is there, going into the back room.

**Rachel:** I did it! Oh! I finished it! I did it all by myself! And there's nobody to [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]]!


> [!scene] From the background we hear a crash and Gunther comes running out of the back room, pushing people aside, reaching for Rachel.

**Gunther:** Move!


> [!scene] Gunther slips and falls just before reaching the back of the couch. Monica and Phoebe come into Central Perk.

**Rachel:** Hey! Hey, you guys, I finished the [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] all by myself! Hug me!


> [!scene] Gunther gets up slowly from behind the couch and walks away sadly

**Phoebe:** Uh... yay!

**Rachel:** Thanks!

**Monica:** Oh, that's great! Congratulations!

**Rachel:** Thank you! Hey, how'd the [[Friends-词汇总表#cater\|catering]] go?

**Monica:** Oh, it was great! The [[Friends-词汇总表#widow\|widow]] wouldn't pay, so Phoebe [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelled]] at her 'til she did.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. I'm a hard ass.

**Monica:** And I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#wuss\|wuss]]. And we should be partners.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Hard Ass and Wuss. We could fight crime!

**Monica:** Wait a minute, Phoebe! We should be partners. We should be [[Friends-词汇总表#cater\|catering]] partners. I mean, think about it! You're not working right now, and we have such a great time together!

**Phoebe:** Okay!

**Monica:** I can [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] and you can take care of the money.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Oh! It'll be like I have a wife in the [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifties]]!

**Both:** *(screaming with excitement)* Aah!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is there, Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey, how'd it go? How'd she like the gift?

**Joey:** Oh, man, she loved it! She's over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah? That's great!

**Joey:** Hey, listen, I gotta tell ya, I feel kinda bad taking credit for this, because man, am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!

**Chandler:** [[[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nodding]], with mixed [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]]] Aahhuuhhh....


> [!scene] Kathy enters

**Kathy:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey! Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]].

**Kathy:** Thank you!

**Joey:** You know, uh... [Joey moves the [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] case out [[Friends-词汇总表#onto\|onto]] the counter.] Chandler got you a gift, too.

**Chandler:** No he didn't. [Moving it back.]

**Joey:** Yeah, he did, look... look, it's right there on the counter! Ha-ho-ho!

**Chandler:** Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]! I'm sorry.

**Kathy:** You really didn't have to. *(Opens the box)* Wow.

**Chandler:** See, you think it's just a [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]], but then you turn it over and it's also a [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]].

**Kathy:** Yeah. No, this is great. Thank you, Chandler. *(They hug)*.

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah... yeah.

**Joey:** Ah. Hm. *(To Kathy)* Wanna go to bed?

**Kathy:** I'll be in in a minute.

**Joey:** Oh, uh... don't forget your [[Friends-词汇总表#coupon\|coupon]]. *(Tries to strike a sexy pose up against the doorway to his room. Then goes inside)*.

**Chandler:** [to Kathy] Goodnight.

**Kathy:** Um, thank you for the gift.

**Chandler:** Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] time.

**Kathy:** No, I... I didn't mean the [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]]. Thank you for the book.

**Chandler:** Uh, the book?

**Kathy:** The Velveteen Rabbit. I kinda have the [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] you had something to do with it.

**Chandler:** What do you mean?

**Kathy:** Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya like [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]]." Thanks. I love it. And I know how hard it must have been for you to find.

**Chandler:** *(tongue-tied)* Uhl..[[Friends-词汇总表#ell\|ell]]. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."

**Kathy:** You must really like... Joey... to go to all that [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] for him.

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah, he's my... he's my best friend.

**Kathy:** Well....

**Chandler:** Goodnight. *(Goes to his room.)*

**Joey:** *(opening bedroom door)* Hey, that [[Friends-词汇总表#coupon\|coupon]] [[Friends-词汇总表#expire\|expires]], you know.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Cheryl's apartment, Monica knocks on Cheryl's door

**Monica:** Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.

**Cheryl:** Oh, yeah. Oh, you know, that's too bad that didn't work out.

**Monica:** Yeah. Anyway, he told me about your apartment. And, um, I couldn't sleep, thinking about it. So, uh, would it be okay if I cleaned it?


> [!scene] Cheryl shrugs, shuts the door, looking puzzled

**Monica:** No?


> [!scene] Monica looks around the hallway, pulls out a sponge and starts scrubbing the door frame.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（34）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 4 | 224 | 126 | *Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 3 | 215 | 100 | *So, thank you for the delicious dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Oh my God! What happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 3 | 109 | 68 | *Okay, um, don't take this the wrong way, but your place kinda has a weird smell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Can I borrow the keys to your apartment?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway.  Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Okay, um, don't take this the wrong way, but your place kinda has a weird smell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *I did it! Oh! I finished it! I did it all by myself! And there's nobody to hug!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye.  I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway.  Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *My hamster. I hope she's okay, I haven't seen her in a while. Have a seat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *No. I hate this part.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *No, that's not mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Look, it's too late, and I got an audition. I can't shop anymore! I...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *Phoebe, she sounded pretty upset to me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *So you're gonna have to do it in the mess!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be bet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Any luck?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Excuse me. Excuse me!  Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Excuse me. Excuse me!  Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Oh my god! I'm so sorry, Cheryl. I must have freaked out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Yeah. Hard Ass and Wuss. We could fight crime!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh, uh... don't forget your coupon. .* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Yeah. Anyway, he told me about your apartment. And, um, I couldn't sleep, thinking about it. So, uh,* |

### 常用词（52）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 8 | 152 | 44 | *Oo! Is it for my birthday present?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] | /pen/ | n. 钢笔, 笔, 笔调, 笔杆子, 作家, 围栏, 栅栏, 禽畜 | n. a writing implement with a point from which ink flows | 8 | 22 | 11 | *A pen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 3 | 38 | 27 | *It's two gifts in one. It's a pen that's also a clock! Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]] | /'gɑ:bidʒ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. food that is discarded (as from a kitchen) | 3 | 19 | 14 | *Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] | /di'liʃәs/ | a. 美味的 | n. variety of sweet eating apples | 2 | 26 | 18 | *So, thank you for the delicious dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 2 | 23 | 14 | *Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh  ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 2 | 28 | 26 | *Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 2 | 40 | 33 | *You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] | /pә'θetik/ | a. 悲哀的, 可怜的, 感伤的, 差劲的 | s. inspiring mixed contempt and pity | 2 | 18 | 14 | *Yeah? You don't think it's just pathetic?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 2 | 34 | 28 | *You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one.  Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 2 | 73 | 45 | *I did it! Oh! I finished it! I did it all by myself! And there's nobody to hug!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n. the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 1 | 19 | 13 | *Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]] | /'kɒntest/ | n. 竞赛, 争论 | n. an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 1 | 27 | 23 | *Hi. You guys have any wrapping paper?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] | /in'kredәbli/ | adv. 不能相信地 | r. not easy to believe | 1 | 18 | 18 | *How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Can I borrow the keys to your apartment?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *You can pee here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 1 | 63 | 32 | *It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway.  Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] | /'æksidәnt/ | n. 意外事件, 机遇, 事故, 次要方面 | n. an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]] | /'kændl/ | n. 蜡烛 | n. stick of wax with a wick in the middle | 1 | 33 | 22 | *Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] | /'setl/ | n. 有背长椅 | n. a long wooden bench with a back | 1 | 26 | 23 | *Yes. Did you settle the bill?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Um, and, well there's the.. the the small matter of... Mrs. Burkart: Dear?* |
| tony | /'tәuni/ | a. 高贵的, 时髦的 | n. A simpleton. | 1 | 17 | 11 | *And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] | /'winә/ | n. 胜利者, 优胜者 | n. the contestant who wins the contest | 1 | 16 | 13 | *And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *What? Oh, I'm sorry, I can't, I'm busy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]] | /i'levn/ | num. 十一, 十一个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 1 | 87 | 38 | *Look, it's too late, and I got an audition. I can't shop anymore! I...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] | /'dʒaiәnt/ | n. 巨人, 大力士, 巨大怪物 | n. any creature of exceptional size | 1 | 36 | 27 | *Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] | /'rekәgnaiz/ | vt. 认出, 认可, 承认, 公认, 识别, 赏识 | v. be fully aware or cognizant of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 1 | 46 | 26 | *I don't know. Soap?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be bet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one.  Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Excuse me. Excuse me!  Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *I'll be right back. Make yourself comfortable.* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Uh... yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Oh, that's great! Congratulations!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Oh, it was great! The widow wouldn't pay, so Phoebe yelled at her 'til she did.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *I can cook and you can take care of the money.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] | /'fifti/ | num. 五十, 五十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and five | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Yeah. Oh! It'll be like I have a wife in the fifties!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nod]] | /nɒd/ | n. 点头, 打盹, 晃动 | n. a sign of assent or salutation or command | 1 | 15 | 10 | *[nodding, with mixed feelings] Aahhuuhhh....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *[nodding, with mixed feelings] Aahhuuhhh....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#onto\|onto]] | /'ɒntu:/ | prep. 在...之上 | prep. On the top of; upon; on. See On to, under On, prep. | 1 | 12 | 12 | *You know, uh... [Joey moves the pen case out onto the counter.] Chandler got you a gift, too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] | /ig'zækt/ | a. 精确的, 准确的, 精密的 | a. marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the exa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *You must really like... Joey... to go to all that trouble for him.* |

### 低频词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| kathy | /'kæθi/ | n. 凯西（女子名, 等于Katherine） |  | 6 | 53 | 9 | *Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]] | /'ræbit/ | n. 兔子 | n. any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and | 5 | 13 | 8 | *Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cater\|cater]] | /'keitә/ | v. 提供饮食及服务, 投合, 迎合 | v. supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets | 5 | 15 | 6 | *Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye.  I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for * |
| mitzi |  | n. 【女名】女子名 |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Here Mitzi! Here Mitzi!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#funeral\|funeral]] | /'fju:nәrәl/ | n. 葬礼, 出殡 | n. a ceremony at which a dead person is buried or cremated | 4 | 13 | 8 | *Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye.  I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]] | /'keitәrә/ | n. 备办食物者, 备办宴席者 | n. someone who provides food and service (as for a party) | 4 | 11 | 8 | *Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican...  ...Monica. Look, yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#velveteen\|velveteen]] | /.velvi'ti:n/ | n. 棉绒, 平绒 | n. a usually cotton fabric with a short pile imitating velvet | 3 | 5 | 2 | *Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#widow\|widow]] | /'widәu/ | n. 寡妇, 孀妇 | n. a woman whose husband is dead especially one who has not remarried | 3 | 5 | 3 | *No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough! * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]] | /'iәrә/ | n. 时代, 纪元, 时期 | n. a period marked by distinctive character or reckoned from a fixed point or ev | 2 | 13 | 4 | *Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixty\|sixty]] | /'siksti/ | num. 六十, 六十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and six | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye.  I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] | /'krɔswә:d/ | n. 纵横填字游戏, 纵横填字字谜 | n a puzzle in which words corresponding to numbered clues are to be found and wr | 2 | 9 | 6 | *Ooo, a crossword! Can I help?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#omelet\|omelet]] | /'ɔmlit, -let/ | n. 煎蛋卷, 煎蛋饼, 炒蛋 | n. beaten eggs or an egg mixture cooked until just set; may be folded around e.g | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff.  Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hamster\|hamster]] | /'hæmstә/ | n. 仓鼠 | n. short-tailed Old World burrowing rodent with large cheek pouches | 2 | 7 | 4 | *My hamster. I hope she's okay, I haven't seen her in a while. Have a seat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cinnamon\|cinnamon]] | /'sinәmәn/ | n. 肉桂, 肉桂树皮, 肉桂色 | n. aromatic bark used as a spice | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh  ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toasties\|toasties]] |  | (toasty 的复数) adj. 温暖舒适的 | plural of toasty | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh  ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] | /'pәuim/ | n. 诗, 诗般美的事物 | n. a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines | 2 | 17 | 8 | *Would you like me to write her a little poem as well?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pile\|pile]] | /pail/ | n. 堆, 大堆, 大厦, 建筑群, 电池, 大量, 桥桩, 软毛, 痔疮 | n. a collection of objects laid on top of each other | 2 | 10 | 8 | *Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pi* |
| cheryl | /'ʃeril/ | n. 谢丽尔（女子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Ah, Cheryl!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wuss\|wuss]] | /wʊs/ | n. <俚>懦弱的人, 无用的人 | n a person who is physically weak and ineffectual | 2 | 8 | 6 | *And I'm a wuss. And we should be partners.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coupon\|coupon]] | /'ku:pɒn/ | n. 息票, 赠券 | n. a negotiable certificate that can be detached and redeemed as needed | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Oh, uh... don't forget your coupon. .* |
| uhl |  | abbr. user header label 用户头标[标题]标志 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ell\|ell]] | /el/ | n. 厄尔(英国旧时量布的长度单位), 字母L, L形物 | n. an extension at the end and at right angles to the main building | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#papa\|papa]] | /pә'pɑ:/ | n. 爸爸 | n an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, come to papa.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spokesmodel\|spokesmodel]] | /'spɔksmɔdl/ | n. 模特代言人 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aerobics\|aerobics]] | /.eiә'rәubiks/ | n. 有氧运动法；增氧健身法 | n. exercise that increases the need for oxygen | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instructor\|instructor]] | /in'strʌktә/ | n. 教员, 讲师 | n a person whose occupation is teaching | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doctoral\|doctoral]] | /'dɒktәrәl/ | a. 博士的 | a. of or relating to a doctor or doctorate | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candidate\|candidate]] | /'kændideit/ | n. 候选人, 投考者 | n. someone who is considered for something (for an office or prize or honor etc. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#specialize\|specialize]] | /'speʃәlaiz/ | vt. 使特殊化, 列举, 特别指明, 限定...的范围 | v. become more focus on an area of activity or field of study | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easiest\|easiest]] | /'i:ziist/ | a. 轻松的；容易的 | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, but that's, like, the easiest era.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]] | /gi:k/ | n. 做低级滑稽表演的人 | n. a carnival performer who does disgusting acts | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phebes\|phebes]] | /'fi:bi:/ | n. 菲比（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Phebes, it was your birthday, like, months ago.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#destructive\|destructive]] | /di'strʌktiv/ | a. 毁灭性的, 破坏的, 有害的 | a. causing destruction or much damage | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rare\|rare]] | /rєә/ | a. 稀罕的, 罕有的, 珍奇的, 稀薄的, 半熟的, 非常好的 | s. not widely known; especially valued for its uncommonness | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bookstore\|bookstore]] | /'bukstɒ:/ | n. 书店 | n a shop where books are sold | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dealer\|dealer]] | /'di:lә/ | n. 经销商, 商人 | n. a firm engaged in trading | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandchild\|grandchild]] | /'^rændtʃaild/ | n. 孙, 外孙女, 外孙, 孙女, 孙子 | n. a child of your son or daughter | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secretly\|secretly]] | /'si:kritli/ | adv. 秘密地, 背地里 | r. in secrecy; not openly | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningful\|meaningful]] | /'mi:niŋful/ | a. 意味深长的 | a. having a meaning or purpose | 1 | 4 | 3 | *How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crossbow\|crossbow]] | /'krɒsbәu/ | n. 石弓, 弩 | n. a bow fixed transversely on a wooden stock grooved to direct the arrow (quarr | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#negativity\|negativity]] | /.negә'tiviti/ | n. 否定性, 消极性 | n. the character of the negative electric pole | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican...  ...Monica. Look, yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] | /lend/ | vt. 借, 贷款给, 增添, 提供, 出租 | v. bestow a quality on | 1 | 9 | 7 | *There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get m* |
| ahahaha |  | [网络] 少女心 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haha\|haha]] |  | n. 哈哈（笑） |  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.* |
| ooo |  | n. 已坏 |  | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Ooo, a crossword! Can I help?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] | /hʌnt/ | n. 狩猎, 追捕, 搜寻, 猎区 | n. Englishman and Pre-Raphaelite painter (1827-1910) | 1 | 12 | 7 | *Did homo-erectus hunt with wooden tools?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] | /'wudn/ | a. 木制的, 呆笨的, 木然的 | s. made or consisting of (entirely or in part) or employing wood | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Did homo-erectus hunt with wooden tools?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grease\|grease]] | /gri:s/ | n. 脂肪, 兽脂, 油脂, 贿赂 | n. a thick fatty oil (especially one used to lubricate machinery) | 1 | 5 | 4 | *I don't know... um, Grease?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seventh\|seventh]] | /'sevnθ/ | num. 第七, 七分之一 | n. position seven in a countable series of things | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hanukkah\|hanukkah]] | /'hɑ:nәkә/ | n. 光明节（犹太教节日, 等于Chanukah） | n. (Judaism) an eight-day Jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the T | 1 | 20 | 5 | *Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thick\|thick]] | /θik/ | a. 厚的, 粗壮的, 浓的, 迟钝的, 浑浊的, 多雾的, 过分的, 口齿不清的 | a. not thin; of a specific thickness or of relatively great extent from one surf | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sombrero\|sombrero]] | /sɒm'brerәu/ | n. 阔边帽 | n. one of the islands of Saint Christopher-Nevis | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emblem\|emblem]] | /'emblәm/ | n. 象征, 徽章, 符号 | n. special design or visual object representing a quality, type, group, etc. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *She seems fine now. Mrs. Burkart:  ...emblem of the land I love. The home of....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]] | /sә'vaiv/ | vt. 比...活得长, 生存, 生还, 幸免于 | v. continue to live through hardship or adversity | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sloppiness\|sloppiness]] |  | n. 凌乱；马虎 | n. a lack of order and tidiness; not cared for | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean, uh, who... who cares about a little sloppiness?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#endear\|endear]] | /in'diә/ | vt. 使受喜爱, 使受钟爱 | v. make attractive or lovable | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It's, uh... it's endearing, really.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]] | /pig/ | n. 猪, 猪肉, 贪婪的人, 猪一样的人 | n. a crude block of metal (lead or iron) poured from a smelting furnace | 1 | 19 | 9 | *All right! Now you go get that beautiful pig!  Oink!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oink\|oink]] | /ɒiŋk/ | n. 猪叫声, 呼噜声 | n the short low gruff noise of the kind made by hogs | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right! Now you go get that beautiful pig!  Oink!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] | /in'vizәbl/ | a. 看不见的, 无形的 | a. impossible or nearly impossible to see; imperceptible by the eye | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy."  Can you give me a han* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intermission\|intermission]] | /.intә'miʃәn/ | n. 中止, 中断, 停顿, 间歇 | n. the act of suspending activity temporarily | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Maybe I can try at intermission? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!* |
| lullabye |  | [网络] 露拉贝；摇蓝曲；这是你的摇篮曲 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, Widow! Mrs. Burkart:  ...the lullabye of...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penny\|penny]] | /'peni/ | n. 便士, 一分, 小钱, 点滴 | n. a fractional monetary unit of Ireland and the United Kingdom; equal to one hu | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Excuse me. Excuse me!  Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sanitation\|sanitation]] | /sæni'teiʃәn/ | n. (环境)卫生, 环境卫生的提倡/维持, 卫生设备, 下水道设施, 卫生设施 | n. the state of being clean and conducive to health | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Department of Sanitation?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] | /ræt/ | n. 鼠, 卑鄙的人, 破坏者, 变节者 | n. any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse | 1 | 20 | 9 | *Oh, thank god, it's not Mitzi. It's just a rat.* |
| aah | /ɑ:/ | abbr.[军] Armored Artillery Howitzer, 装甲榴弹炮 | v express admiration and pleasure by uttering `ooh' or `aah' | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Aah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expire\|expire]] | /ik'spaiә/ | vi. 期满, 呼气, 断气 | v lose validity | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey, that coupon expires, you know.* |
