---
season: 4
episode: "20"
title: "The One With All The Wedding Dresses"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E20 — The One With All The Wedding Dresses

*Story by: Adam Chase*

*Teleplay by: Michael Curtis & Gregory S. Malins*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey’s bedroom, he is asleep and snoring loudly. Chandler enters wondering who left their engine running.

**Chandler:** Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!

**Joey:** *(joining in, in his sleep)* Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!!

*(Chandler acts disgusted, but is happy that Joey has stopped snoring. However, just as he is about to leave, Joey starts snoring again. So to get him to stop, he slams the door shut, waking Joey.)*

**Chandler:** Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you?


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is getting another cup of coffee.

**Chandler:** Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? *(Gunther starts to pour him another cup.)* So uh, what do you do when you’re not working here?

**Gunther:** You don’t need to fill these [[Friends-词汇总表#silence\|silences]].

**Chandler:** Oh, okay, thanks. *(He goes back to the couch and rejoins Monica, Joey, and Phoebe.)*

**Monica:** Chandler, that’s like your [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] cup of coffee!

**Chandler:** Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhausted]]! Because Joey started [[Friends-词汇总表#snore\|snoring]]!

**Monica:** He’s in a different room! He’s really that [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]?

**Joey:** *(proudly)* Oh, you should here me.

**Chandler:** It’s not something to be [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of, okay? You have to go to a sleep [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]]!

**Joey:** Look, I told ya, I’m not going to any [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]]! I don’t have a problem, you’re the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!

**Chandler:** They don’t have those.

**Joey:** Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you’ve just had your first class!

**Monica:** Y’know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeper\|sleeper]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] I started to [[Friends-词汇总表#snore\|snore]], he would just [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] me over…

**Joey:** Ohhh, yeah!

**Monica:** He would just [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] me over and I would stop [[Friends-词汇总表#snore\|snoring]].

**Chandler:** Next time you [[Friends-词汇总表#snore\|snore]], I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolling]] ya over!

**Joey:** I gotta do what I gotta do, you gotta do what you gotta do, you just do it.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey guys!

**Chandler:** Hey, all right!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

*(Joey starts humming Here Come the Bride.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, the Olympics.

**Monica:** Have you guys picked a date yet?

**Ross:** Oh no, not yet.

**Phoebe:** I still cannot believe you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]]! *(Ross looks at her)* Just ‘cause its happening so fast; not ‘cause you’re such a [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]].

**Ross:** Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?

**Monica:** Ugh, she’s [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] not doing the [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dishes]]! And I tell ya something! I’m not doing them this time! I don’t care if those dishes sit in the [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] until they’re all covered with—I’ll do them when I get home!

**Ross:** Yeah—oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London…

**Phoebe:** Already?!

**Ross:** Yeah, but it didn’t fit. Well, [[Friends-词汇总表#luckily\|luckily]] there’s a store here that has one left in her size, but I’m the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]], I’m not supposed to see the dress…

**Monica:** I’ll pick it up for you!

**Ross:** Thank you.

**Monica:** Okay.

**Chandler:** Oh, she’s got you running [[Friends-词汇总表#errand\|errands]], y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] up wedding dresses… *(Laughs and makes like Indiana Jones and his whip)* Wah-pah!

**Ross:** What’s wah-pah?

**Chandler:** Y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whipped]]! Wah-pah!

**Joey:** That’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whipped]]! Whipped is wh-tcssh!

**Chandler:** That’s what I did. Wah-pah!

**Joey:** You can’t do anything!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is not doing the dishes. She hears someone coming up the stairs and quickly puts down her magazine and pretends like she’s actually doing the dishes.

**Rachel:** Hey, Mon, I was just doing the [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dishes]]!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Oh! It’s you. *(She stops doing the dishes.)* Hi.

**Ross:** Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?

**Rachel:** Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break [[Friends-词汇总表#anyways\|anyways]], so…

**Ross:** So listen uh, I know you and I haven’t really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Ross:** I know if you were getting married I’d feel, kinda….. y’know.

**Rachel:** Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I’m okay.

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** All right, I just wanted to check.

**Rachel:** Oh, that’s sweet.

*(He goes over to hug her.)*

**Ross:** You’re great. And I-I know [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.

**Rachel:** *(breaking the hug)* Uhh, hang in there?

**Ross:** Oh, no, I didn’t mean, uh…

**Rachel:** I mean maybe you didn’t hear about a serious relationship called me and Joshua?

**Ross:** Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] that had become anything, yet.

**Rachel:** Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has—yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.

**Ross:** Oh. Yeah?

**Rachel:** Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#emotionally\|emotionally]], [[Friends-词汇总表#mentally\|mentally]], [[Friends-词汇总表#physically\|physically]]…

**Ross:** Wow, that’s-that’s-that’s incredible.

**Rachel:** I know isn’t it? It’s like I’m right there with Joshua.

**Ross:** Uh-huh.

**Rachel:** You are right there with Emily. And it’s y’know, it’s kinda like…. it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]]! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dishes]].

**Ross:** I gotta get to work.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah? Fine.

**Ross:** Hey, y’know, y’know what would make me really happy?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, no, what’s that?

**Ross:** If like the four of us could all y’know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily’s coming into town this weekend, why don’t you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?

**Rachel:** That would be great!

**Ross:** Yeah, all right, it’s a date. *(He leaves)*

**Rachel:** *(to the closed door)* Hang in there. You hang in there. *(Gives him the raspberry.)*

**Ross:** *(coming back in)* Did you say something?

**Rachel:** No, just [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]. *(Does a little song.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Beatrice Bridal Shop, Monica and Phoebe are there to pick up Emily’s dress.

**Monica:** Oh my God! Ohh! Look at this one! It’s so beautiful!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but y’know, about have of these are gonna end up getting divorced.

**The Saleslady:** May I help you ladies?

**Monica:** Oh, yes, umm, I’m here to pick up a dress that you have on hold.

**The Saleslady:** Yes, what’s the name, please?

**Monica:** Emily Waltham.

**The Saleslady:** Yes! I have it right here. *(Phoebe and Monica both gasp at the dress.)* Would you like to try it on Ms. Waltham?

**Monica:** *(laughs)* Okay.


> [!scene] Time lapse. Monica is wearing the dress and starring at herself in the mirror.

**Phoebe:** You’re the most beautiful [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] I’ve ever seen.

**Monica:** I am, [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t I?

**The Saleslady:** Ms. Waltham?

**Monica:** Yes?

**The Saleslady:** We’re closing.

**Monica:** All right. *(Goes to take off the dress.)*

**The Saleslady:** And could I get my ring back?

*(She disgustedly takes the ring off and gives it back.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey’s bedroom, he’s snoring again and Chandler is there to roll him over.

**Chandler:** All right buddy, time to [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] over. *(Rolls him over, and discovers a surprise)* *(Looking down)* No-no! *(Covers his eyes)* No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]]! You’re going to a clinic, and a [[Friends-词汇总表#pyjama\|pyjama]] store!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is doing the dishes.

**Monica:** Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the [[Friends-词汇总表#plat\|plates]]? Yes! I believe she does. *(Looks at the wedding dress and stops.)*


> [!scene] Time lapse, Monica is now wearing the dress while doing the dishes and is making like she is thanking her guests for coming to her wedding. Paging Dr. Crane. Dr. Fraiser Crane!

**Monica:** Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming.

*(There’s a knock on the door.) Uh, just a second!*

**Phoebe:** No-no, let me in!

**Monica:** Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Monica:** Can you just hold on for one minute?

**Phoebe:** No, you have to let me in right now!!

**Monica:** Are you alone?

**Phoebe:** Yes!

**Monica:** All right.

*(She goes over and lets Phoebe bounce in wearing her own wedding dress.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is complaining about going to the clinic.

**Joey:** This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]]! I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]]!

**Chandler:** It’s 6:00.

**Joey:** Yeah, well…

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Chandler:** Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that’s, I think that’s really cool.

**Joey:** Yeah, Rach, I think you’re handling that really well.

**Rachel:** Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There’s nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn’t for me and Joshua. Y’know, they’re not gonna get married anyway!

**Chandler:** What?

**Rachel:** Come on! They [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rushed]] into this thing so fast it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]! I mean, they’re gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] for like what? A year? And [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] along the way, one of them is gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] what they’ve done and they’re call the whole thing off. I’m telling ya, you’re gonna be dancing at my wedding before you’re dancing at there’s.

**Chandler:** Yeah, well, I don’t dance at weddings.

**Rachel:** Why not?

**Chandler:** Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this… *(Starts to dancing really, really, really badly. Ross enters behind him and he stops.)*

**Ross:** Hey man.

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Ross:** So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?

**Chandler:** Nothing.

**Rachel:** Nothing.

**Joey:** I am… *(Looks in his date book.)* free!

**Ross:** Great! Because Emily and I are getting married in a month! Joey and Chandler: What?!

**Ross:** Yep!

**Rachel:** In a month?

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Rachel:** You mean, you mean 30 days?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** From now?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Well, that’s great.

**Ross:** Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it’s going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|torn]] down, so… I mean, I-I know it’s crazy, but everything up ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] now has been so crazy, and I don’t know, this just feels right. Y’know?

**Joey:** *(still looking in date book)* Hey! That’s the day after I stop [[Friends-词汇总表#menstruate\|menstruating]]! *(They all look at him.)* This isn’t mine.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is waiting impatiently for Joshua.

**Joshua:** *(entering)* Hey, Rachel.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Joshua:** What’s up? You’re voice sounded all [[Friends-词汇总表#squeaky\|squeaky]] on the phone.

**Rachel:** Ohh, nothing, I just wanted to see you. See you and [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] you. *(Hugs him)* See you.

**Joshua:** Great!

**Rachel:** Yeah! *(She sits down)* Sit!

**Joshua:** *(sitting)* You okay?

**Rachel:** I’m more than okay, I am really, really happy! Wanna know why?

**Joshua:** Do I?

**Rachel:** ‘Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y’know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y’know?

**Joshua:** Yeah, sure-sure, yeah, we’re-we’re-we’re-we’re-we’re clicking.

**Rachel:** Yeah-yeah, y’know if-if there was just like one little area where I—that I think we need—we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we’re just not crazy enough!

**Joshua:** I-I gotta say, I-I-I-I’m not too sure I agree with that.

**Rachel:** Well, yeah, right, y’know what? Yeah, you’re right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if *(Grunts uncomprehensively)*……I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y’know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y’know, a little umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#hasty\|hasty]], but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?

**Joshua:** What?! *(Gunther is listening in.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, I know, I know, it’s-it’s so, it’s so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y’know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don’t you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don’t you think?

**Joshua:** Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you’re a real special lady, but my divorce isn’t final yet and, and, and we’ve been on four days, so I’m thinking "No, but thanks."

**Gunther:** YOU IDIOT!!!!!


> [!scene] Scene: The Sleep Clinic, Joey is having trouble staying awake.

**Sleep Clinic Worker:** Your name, please?

**Joey:** Joey Tribbiani.

**Sleep Clinic Worker:** Um-hmm, and did you stay up all night in preparation for your sleep study. *(Joey doesn’t answer)* Uh, sir? *(Joey starts snoring)*

**Chandler:** *(answering for him)* Yes he did.

**Sleep Clinic Worker:** Alll right, we’ll call you in a few minutes.

*(As she leaves, a beautiful woman enters and sits down across from the boys.)*

**Chandler:** *(waking Joey)* Hey, check out that girl! She is really hot!

**Joey:** *(sleepily)* Yeah, she is. Wow! *(Falls back asleep, loudly)* How you doin’?

*(Chandler wakes him up, again.)*

**Joey:** What?!

**Chandler:** You’re coming on to the entire room! *(He goes over to pick up a stack of magazines next to her, and to get her attention, he throws them back down.)* I’m Chandler.

**Woman:** I’m Marjorie.

**Chandler:** Hi.

**Marjorie:** Hi.

**Chandler:** You mind if I…

**Marjorie:** No, please.

*(He sits down next to her.)*

**Chandler:** So uh, what are you in for?

**Marjorie:** I talk in my sleep.

**Chandler:** What a [[Friends-词汇总表#coincidence\|coincidence]], I listen in my sleep.

**Joey:** *(asleep)* So why don’t you give me your number?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Phoebe, still defying reality, are now throwing a bouquet at each other, pretending to catch the actual bouquet at an actual wedding.

**Monica:** Okay, ready?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Okay.

*(She turns around and throws the bouquet to Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** *(catching it)* I got it! Mine! *(They both hug)*

**Monica:** Congratulations!

**Phoebe:** Thank you!

**Monica:** Okay! My turn! My turn!

**Phoebe:** Okay! *(Gets into position)* Okay, ready?

**Monica:** *(cocking her head from side to side in some pre-bouquet-catching ritual)* Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(Phoebe turns and throws it on the couch.)*

**Monica:** *(upset)* That was a terrible throw!!

**Phoebe:** I’m not gonna right to you! That’s not real!

**Monica:** Look at me! My big [[Friends-词汇总表#concern\|concern]] is what’s real?! *(Finally realises)* Oh my God. We’re really sad, [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t we?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I think we are.

**Monica:** This isn’t even my dress.

**Phoebe:** Well, at least you didn’t rent yours from a store called, "It’s Not Too Late."

**Monica:** I’m changing out of this.

**Phoebe:** Me too.

**Monica:** In like a half-hour?

**Phoebe:** Me too.

**Monica:** Okay, throw it straight this time.

**Phoebe:** Okay.

*(She throws it straight, and Monica makes a big deal about catching it.)*

**Monica:** I’m getting married next!!

**Phoebe:** Yay!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Phoebe, back to reality, are sitting in normal clothes.

**Phoebe:** I hate my regular clothes now! Y’know? I look down and-and I know that this isn’t gonna be the most special day of my life.

**Monica:** Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn’t you start [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]]?

**Phoebe:** I guess.

*(Monica crosses her legs and is still wearing the garter belt.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!

**Monica:** Oh God.

**Phoebe:** Oh, you’re such a [[Friends-词汇总表#cheater\|cheater]]!

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hello! Little ones.

**Monica:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Monica:** So, is Joey gonna stop [[Friends-词汇总表#snore\|snoring]]?

**Chandler:** Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. *(They’re stunned.)* Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.

**Phoebe:** Oh, how’d that happen?

**Chandler:** Because I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]].

**Monica:** No, seriously.

**Chandler:** Well she’s, she’s the kinda girl—Joey was [[Friends-词汇总表#unconscious\|unconscious]].

*(Joey enters, wearing a mouth guard like boxers wear.)*

**Joey:** *(muffled by the mouth guard)* Hey you guys! What’s happening?

**Monica:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** What is that?

**Joey:** *(muffled)* Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]], and it’s gonna help me not to [[Friends-词汇总表#snore\|snore]].

**Monica:** Well, are you [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] right now, Joe? ‘Cause I don’t think you have to wear it unless you are!

**Joey:** *(takes out the mouth guard)* I know I don’t have too! It [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|tastes]] good.

*(Puts it back in.)*

**Chandler:** Plus, you look cool.

*(Joey totally agrees with this statement and kicks his feet up.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is putting away the wedding dress, finally.

**Rachel:** *(entering from her bedroom)* Well, I just called Joshua…

**Phoebe:** Oh, how did it go?

**Rachel:** Well, I did my best to [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] him that I’m not some crazy girl who is dying to get married—I’m just going through a hard time.

**Phoebe:** What did he say?

**Rachel:** Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.

**Monica:** Ohh, sweetie! *(Goes to comfort her.)* Hey, I bet you anything that he’s gonna call you again.

**Rachel:** Yeah, maybe, but I don’t think I even care. I don’t think he’s the one I’m sad about. Y’know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don’t think I’m handling it all that well.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, maybe.

**Rachel:** And I-I am just trying to figure out why.

**Phoebe:** Any luck?

**Rachel:** Well, yeah, y’know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] down the road, we would be on again.

**Monica:** Again. Y’know what? I think we all did.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey! *(She jumps up and throws Emily’s wedding dress into Rachel’s room.)*

**Ross:** So, I got us some [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservations]] for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie’s at 9 o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]?

**Rachel:** Yeah, well, you uh, better make it for three.

**Ross:** Oh, see I-I don’t know if we’re gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] at three.

**Rachel:** Three people. Joshua’s not gonna be there.

**Ross:** What happened?

**Rachel:** Uh, well, I think, I think he broke up with me.

**Ross:** Noo. Why?

**Rachel:** Well, apparently he scares easy.

**Ross:** Oh, Rachel, I’m-I’m sorry.

**Rachel:** It’s okay. Sometimes, things don’t work out the way you’d thought they would.

**Ross:** Come here.

*(They hug.)*

**Rachel:** *(breaking the hug)* Oh, hey, don’t you have to go pick up Emily?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** You okay?

**Rachel:** Yeah! I got my girls.

*(He leaves.)*

**Rachel:** Ugh. *(She goes over and lays her head on Phoebe’s lap.)*

**Phoebe:** *(looks at Monica)* Hey, y’know what might [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] you up?

**Rachel:** What?


> [!scene] Time lapse, all three girls are now wearing wedding dresses, eating popcorn, drinking beer, and watching TV.

**Rachel:** Y’know, I gotta tell ya, this really does put in a better [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]].

**Monica:** Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. *(Pause)* Maybe [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]], there will be.

*(There’s a knock on the door.)*

**Monica:** Oh God! He’s gonna come by and [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] some [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]] for his big date!

**Rachel:** Oh, okay! *(She goes to answer the door.)*

**Monica:** No-no, Rachel, don’t get it! He can’t see us!

**Phoebe:** No, yeah! The [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] cannot see the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]]!

**Rachel:** I’m not gonna marry Chandler!

**Phoebe:** Not after this!

**Rachel:** Okay, you guys, just relax. *(She goes over to open the door, and as she does, she says.)* I doooo. *(Sees that it’s Joshua, not Chandler that knocked on the door.)*

**Joshua:** I gotta go.

**Rachel:** Oh, wait, Joshua! Joshua! *(Pause)* *(Comes back inside)* Yeah, well, that [[Friends-词汇总表#oughta\|oughta]] do it.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s bedroom, he is sleeping with Marjorie. All of the sudden, Marjorie starts talking in her sleep, awakening Chandler. After a little bit, she quiets back down, and Chandler tries to get back to sleep. There’s a short pause until she starts screaming, causing Chandler to scream with her. She quickly calms down. This all wakes up Joey, who comes over wearing the mouth guard, opens the top half of Chandler’s door, and starts to complain about the noise.

**Joey:** *(muffled by the mouth guard)* Dude! I am trying to sleep! *(Shrugs to say, "What’s up with that?")*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（41）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 10 | 422 | 131 | *So listen uh, I know you and I haven’t really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 6 | 217 | 129 | *It’s not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 5 | 177 | 117 | *You’re great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 4 | 253 | 119 | *Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 3 | 135 | 75 | *Yeah—oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London…* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 3 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, hang in there?* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh, yeah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *I still cannot believe you’re engaged!  Just ‘cause its happening so fast; not ‘cause you’re such a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Ugh, she’s upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I’m not doing them this time! I d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 2 | 96 | 75 | *Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I’m okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *If like the four of us could all y’know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily’s coming into town thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *Hey! That’s the day after I stop menstruating!  This isn’t mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Oh, I know, I know, it’s-it’s so, it’s so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y’know, I mean, but * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 2 | 156 | 115 | *That was a terrible throw!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Look at me! My big concern is what’s real?!  Oh my God. We’re really sad, aren’t we?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *I guess.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? ‘Cause I don’t think you have to wear it unless you are!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I’m exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Yeah, but it didn’t fit. Well, luckily there’s a store here that has one left in her size, but I’m t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *So listen uh, I know you and I haven’t really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I’m okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Wow, that’s-that’s-that’s incredible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Yeah, but y’know, about have of these are gonna end up getting divorced.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I’m * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I’m * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There’s nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a pro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you’re a real special lady, but my divorce isn’t final yet and, and, and we’ve* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Joey Tribbiani.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Yeah, she is. Wow!  How you doin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *That was a terrible throw!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Well, at least you didn’t rent yours from a store called, "It’s Not Too Late."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *I hate my regular clothes now! Y’know? I look down and-and I know that this isn’t gonna be the most * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *I hate my regular clothes now! Y’know? I look down and-and I know that this isn’t gonna be the most * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *No, seriously.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Ohh, sweetie!  Hey, I bet you anything that he’s gonna call you again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Any luck?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Well, apparently he scares easy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Well, apparently he scares easy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Okay, you guys, just relax.  I doooo.* |

### 常用词（42）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 3 | 56 | 42 | *Y’know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to sno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] | /hwip/ | n. 鞭子, 抽打, 车夫, 搅拌器 | n. an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping | 3 | 21 | 17 | *Y’know, whipped! Wah-pah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 2 | 80 | 46 | *Look, I told ya, I’m not going to any clinic! I don’t have a problem, you’re the one with the proble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 2 | 40 | 20 | *I still cannot believe you’re engaged!  Just ‘cause its happening so fast; not ‘cause you’re such a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] | /gru:m/ | n. 马夫, 新郎, 男仆 | n. a man participant in his own marriage ceremony | 2 | 19 | 10 | *Yeah, but it didn’t fit. Well, luckily there’s a store here that has one left in her size, but I’m t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] | /'sʌmdei/ | adv. 有一天 | r. some unspecified time in the future | 2 | 16 | 13 | *You’re great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 2 | 44 | 29 | *Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn’t realise that had become anything, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] | /braid/ | n. 新娘 | n. a woman who has recently been married | 2 | 33 | 18 | *You’re the most beautiful bride I’ve ever seen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *I am, aren’t I?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 2 | 37 | 33 | *Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it’s ridiculous! I mean, they’re gonna be engaged for l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | num. 第四, 四分之一 | n. following the third position; number four in a countable series | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Chandler, that’s like your fourth cup of coffee!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhaust]] | /ig'zɒ:st/ | n. 排气, 排气装置, 废气 | n. gases ejected from an engine as waste products | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I’m exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *He’s in a different room! He’s really that loud?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *It’s not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *Y’know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to sno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 1 | 32 | 24 | *I still cannot believe you’re engaged!  Just ‘cause its happening so fast; not ‘cause you’re such a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Ugh, she’s upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I’m not doing them this time! I d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Ugh, she’s upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I’m not doing them this time! I d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *You are right there with Emily. And it’s y’know, it’s kinda like…. it’s a tie! Well, I gotta get, I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *No, just singing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I’m * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it’s ridiculous! I mean, they’re gonna be engaged for l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it’s ridiculous! I mean, they’re gonna be engaged for l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Ohh, nothing, I just wanted to see you. See you and hug you.  See you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *YOU IDIOT!!!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Congratulations!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concern\|concern]] | /kәn'sә:n/ | n. 关心, 忧虑 | n. something that interests you because it is important or affects you | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Look at me! My big concern is what’s real?!  Oh my God. We’re really sad, aren’t we?* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn’t you start feeling silly?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? ‘Cause I don’t think you have to wear it unless you are!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *I know I don’t have too! It tastes good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Well, I did my best to convince him that I’m not some crazy girl who is dying to get married—I’m jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservation]] | /.rezә'veiʃәn/ | n. 保留, 预定, 保留品, 保留地 | n. a district that is reserved for particular purpose | 1 | 20 | 14 | *So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie’s at 9 o’clock?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie’s at 9 o’clock?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Oh, see I-I don’t know if we’re gonna be hungry at three.* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo. Why?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *Hey, y’know what might cheer you up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Y’know, I gotta tell ya, this really does put in a better mood.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Oh God! He’s gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]] | /'kændl/ | n. 蜡烛 | n. stick of wax with a wick in the middle | 1 | 33 | 22 | *Oh God! He’s gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!* |

### 低频词（24）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]] | /'klinik/ | n. 诊所, 临床教学 | n. a medical establishment run by a group of medical specialists | 7 | 10 | 4 | *It’s not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dish]] | /diʃ/ | n. 盘子, 碟, 菜肴 | n. a piece of dishware normally used as a container for holding or serving food | 4 | 13 | 9 | *Ugh, she’s upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I’m not doing them this time! I d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snore\|snore]] | /snɒ:/ | n. 鼾声, 打鼾 | n. the rattling noise produced when snoring | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I’m exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silence\|silence]] | /'sailәns/ | n. 沉默, 无声, 静寂, 湮没, 无声息 | n. the state of being silent (as when no one is speaking) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You don’t need to fill these silences.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeper\|sleeper]] | /'sli:pә/ | n. 睡眠者, 枕木, 卧铺 | n. a rester who is sleeping | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Y’know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to sno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#olympics\|olympics]] | /әu'limpiks/ | n. 奥林匹克运动会 | n the modern revival of the ancient games held once every 4 years in a selected  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, the Olympics.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luckily\|luckily]] | /'lʌkili/ | adv. 幸运地, 幸亏, 侥幸 | r by good fortune | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah, but it didn’t fit. Well, luckily there’s a store here that has one left in her size, but I’m t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#errand\|errand]] | /'erәnd/ | n. 任务, 差使, 使命 | n. a short trip that is taken in the performance of a necessary task or mission | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, she’s got you running errands, y’know, picking up wedding dresses…  Wah-pah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyways\|anyways]] | /'eniweiz/ | adv. 不管怎样, 无论如何 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break anyways, so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotionally\|emotionally]] | /i'mәuʃәnәli/ | adv. 在情绪上 | r. in an emotional manner | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y’know, emotionally, mentally, physically…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mentally\|mentally]] | /'mentli/ | adv. 心理上, 精神上, 智力上 | r. in your mind | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y’know, emotionally, mentally, physically…* |
| waltham | /'wɔ:lθәm/ | n. 沃尔瑟姆（英国一城市） |  | 1 | 90 | 6 | *Emily Waltham.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pyjama\|pyjama]] | /pә'dʒɑ:mә, pi-/ | n. 睡衣裤, 宽松裤 | n a pair of loose trousers tied by a drawstring around the waist; worn by men an | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right buddy, time to roll over.   No-no!  No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You’re go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plat\|plat]] | /plæt/ | n. 小块地, 地图 | n. a map showing planned or actual features of an area (streets and building lot | 1 | 23 | 8 | *Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#menstruate\|menstruate]] | /'menstrueit/ | vi. 有月经 | v. undergo menstruation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey! That’s the day after I stop menstruating!  This isn’t mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeaky\|squeaky]] | /'skwi:ki/ | a. 吱吱响的, 发轧声的 | s having or making a high-pitched sound such as that made by a mouse or a rusty  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What’s up? You’re voice sounded all squeaky on the phone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hasty\|hasty]] | /'heisti/ | a. 匆匆的, 轻率的, 性怠的 | s. excessively quick | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, yeah, right, y’know what? Yeah, you’re right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ……I* |
| marjorie |  | n. 马乔里（女子名） |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *I’m Marjorie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coincidence\|coincidence]] | /kәu'insidәns/ | n. 巧合, 同时发生 | n. an event that might have been arranged although it was really accidental | 1 | 9 | 9 | *What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheater\|cheater]] | /'tʃi:tә/ | n. 骗子, 诈手 | n someone who leads you to believe something that is not true | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh, you’re such a cheater!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] | /'ku:lә/ | n. 冷却器 | n. a refrigerator for cooling liquids | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Because I’m cooler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unconscious\|unconscious]] | /.ʌn'kɒnʃәs/ | a. 未意识到的, 无意识的, 无知觉的 | a. not conscious; lacking awareness and the capacity for sensory perception as i | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well she’s, she’s the kinda girl—Joey was unconscious.* |
| ernie | /'ә:ni:/ | n. 摇奖机 |  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie’s at 9 o’clock?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oughta\|oughta]] | /'ɔ:tә/ | [口]=ought to |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, wait, Joshua! Joshua!   Yeah, well, that oughta do it.* |
