---
season: 4
episode: "01"
title: "The One With The Jellyfish"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S04E01 — The One With The Jellyfish

*Written by: Wil Calhoun*

**Joey:** *(lying on a beach towel, recapping what happened in the last episode)* Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, and I don’t really know what happened with that.


> [!scene] cut to Phoebe Sr.’s house, from the last episode] Phoebe Sr.: (to Phoebe) I’m your mother.

**Phoebe:** Ehh?


> [!scene] cut to Monica opening the door of the beach house, with Chandler trying to pick her up for a date.

**Joey:** *(voice-over)* Oh, and then Monica joked that she wouldn’t go out with a guy like Chandler...

**Chandler:** *(to Monica)* *(in a funny voice)* Hi there. *(Monica turns her head away in disgust)*

**Joey:** *(voice-over)* ...and he couldn’t let it go, and... I don’t really know what happened with that either.


> [!scene] cut to a montage of scenes involving Bonnie, Ross, and Rachel from the last episode.

**Joey:** *(voice-over)* Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convinced]] her to save her head. And then Ross and Rachel kiss, and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]] girl and I don’t know what happened there either...


> [!scene] cut back to Joey on the beach towel

**Joey:** Y'know what, hold on, let me go get Chandler. *(gets up and leaves.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The beach house, it’s the same scene from the end of last year, with Ross in front of the two doors of Rachel’s and Bonnie’s rooms, trying to decide which door to choose. He finally chooses the one his right and goes in.

**Ross:** *(surprised)* Hi! Rachel and Bonnie: Hi!

**Bonnie:** Rachel was just helping me out. My head got all [[Friends-词汇总表#sunburn\|sunburned]].

**Ross:** Awww.

**Bonnie:** *(to Rachel)* Thanks a million.

**Rachel:** Oh, you’re welcome a million.

**Bonnie:** *(getting up and leaving)* *(to Ross)* Okay, I’ll see you in our room.

**Ross:** Yeah. *(closes the door, and goes over and kisses Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** *(softly)* Oh my God.

**Ross:** I know.

*(They both kiss again and fall onto the bed.)*

**Ross:** *(stopping suddenly and getting up)* Okay, I gotta go.

**Rachel:** Whoa! What?! Why?!

**Ross:** Well, I-I gotta go break up with Bonnie.

**Rachel:** Here?! Now?!

**Ross:** Well, yeah. I can’t-I can’t stay here all night, and if I go in there she’s-she’s gonna wanna... do stuff.

**Rachel:** Well, can’t you tell her that you are not in the [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]]?

**Ross:** No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn’t work either, I can’t tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...

**Rachel:** *(interrupting)* Whoa-ho.

**Ross:** Whoa-oh, okay! Yeah, why am I telling you that?

**Rachel:** I don’t know.

*(they kiss again)*

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah. *(opens the door)* It wasn’t every morning.

**Rachel:** Oh, making it worse!

**Ross:** Okay.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe Sr.’s house, it’s right after she told Phoebe that she’s her birth mother.] Phoebe Sr.: So I guess you’d like to know how it all happened.

**Phoebe:** I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off! Phoebe Sr.: Noo! No! It wasn’t like that I... Remember how I told you how Lily, Frank, and I we were, we were close. Well, we were, we were very close.

**Phoebe:** How close? Phoebe Sr.: Well, the-the three of us we were, kind of umm, a couple.

**Phoebe:** I don’t even know how that would work! Phoebe Sr.: Well, we were...

**Phoebe:** *(interrupting)* I’m not asking! Phoebe Sr.: Well, any how, some how I got [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]], and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it’s like to be [[Friends-词汇总表#eighteen\|eighteen]] years old?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Let’s see, my had Mom killed [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]], and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand. Phoebe Sr.: Well, I’m so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn’t even hear about your Mom and Dad [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don’t know, you’re here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, well, everybody does! I’m a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn’t even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I’m just, I’m gonna do the same thing to you. Phoebe Sr.: Wait!

**Phoebe:** I don’t ever want to see you again!

*(She walks out and slams the door.)*

**Phoebe:** *(walking back in with her hand over her eyes.)* Umm, where’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]?


> [!scene] Scene: The beach house, Joey and Chandler are sitting at the dinner table, Monica is looking in the fridge.

**Monica:** *(closing the fridge in disgust)* Shoot! We’re out of [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]].

**Chandler:** *(jumping up)* Oh, I’ll go out and get you some.

**Monica:** Really?!

**Chandler:** Nope! Because I’m not your boyfriend. *(to Phoebe, who’s entering)* Hey Pheebs, how did it go?

**Phoebe:** Well, umm, my Mom’s friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom.

*(The gang is shocked.)*

**Chandler:** I found a [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dried]] up [[Friends-词汇总表#seashore\|seashores]].

**Monica:** Sweety, what are you talking about?

**Phoebe:** Oh, my new Mom, who-who’s a big, fat [[Friends-词汇总表#abandoner\|abandoner]]! *(starts to go upstairs)*

**Joey:** Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don’t you wanna stay here and talk about it?

**Phoebe:** No. I’m just, I wanna, I need to be alone.

*(She starts to go upstairs.)*

**Phoebe:** *(turning around, insistently)* Monica!

**Monica:** Oh.


> [!scene] Scene: The beach house, Rachel’s bedroom. She is finishing up writing something as Ross walks through the door.

**Ross:** It’s over.

**Rachel:** Oh, was it [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]]?

**Ross:** Well, it was [[Friends-词汇总表#loong\|loong]]. I didn’t even [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] on her head. *(They both start to laugh, then stop themselves quickly.)* Anyway, she didn’t want to stay. I called a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]]; she just left.

*(They kiss.)*

**Rachel:** I wrote you a letter.

**Ross:** Ohh! Thank you! I like mail. *(He goes to kiss her again, but she turns away.)*

**Rachel:** *(handing him the letter)* It’s just some things I’ve been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.

**Ross:** Okay. *(He leans in to kiss her again, but she leans back preventing him from making contact.)* Wow, it’s-it’s 5:30 in the morning. *(Rachel laughs)* So, I’d better get [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|cracking]] on this baby.

**Rachel:** Well, I’ll be waiting for you, just come up when you’re done.

**Ross:** Okay, I’ll be up in, *(looks at the letter)* 18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.


> [!scene] Scene: The beach house, the next morning. Ross is passed out on the kitchen counter. He wakes up with a start and has one of the pages of the letter stuck to his face.

**Ross:** Oh. *(looks at his watch)* Oh-oh. *(takes a drink of coffee and resumes reading the letter)*

**Rachel:** *(coming down the stairs)* Hey! *(Ross jumps up, and quickly puts the letter back together, pretending like he has just finished it.)* What happened to you? Why didn’t you come up?

**Ross:** Done!

**Rachel:** You just finished?

**Ross:** Well, I wanted to be [[Friends-词汇总表#thorough\|thorough]]. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word [[Friends-词汇总表#carefully\|carefully]], [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]]!

**Rachel:** So umm, does it?

**Ross:** I’m sorry.

**Rachel:** Does it?

**Ross:** Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole ‘Does it?’ part just another [[Friends-词汇总表#glance\|glance]].

**Rachel:** What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]]! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn’t, and if you have to even think about it...

**Ross:** *(interrupting)* No, Rach, no. I don’t, I don’t, I don’t have to think about it, in fact, I’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]], I’ve decided that, that it.......does.

*(Rachel stands there for a moment, starting to cry. Then gasps and runs over and hugs him. While hugging her, Ross tries to find the ‘Does it?’ part in the letter.)*

**Rachel:** Are you sure?

**Ross:** Oh, sure! I’m sure.

**Rachel:** I know. *(Hugs him more violently this time and pushes him back away from the letter.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The beach. Chandler and Monica are out getting some sun.

**Chandler:** All right, there’s a nuclear [[Friends-词汇总表#holocaust\|holocaust]], I’m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?

**Monica:** Ennnh.

**Chandler:** I’ve got canned goods.

**Joey:** *(jumping up in a hole that he is digging, he is shoulder deep)* Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! *(Chandler and Monica jump up and go over to the hole.)* Check this baby out, [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dug]] me a [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]]!

**Chandler:** Excellent [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]], Joe.

*(A wave crashes on the beach and partially fills up his hole.)*

**Joey:** Oh no! No!! My [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]]!!

**Monica:** *(screaming in pain)* Ow!! Ow!!!

**Joey:** *(climbing out of the hole)* What?! What?!! What is it?!

**Monica:** Jellyfish [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|sting]]! Oh, it hurts! It hurts!! It hurts!!

**Chandler:** Well, can we help?! You want us to take you back to the house?!

**Monica:** It’s like two [[Friends-词汇总表#mile\|miles]]!

**Joey:** Yeah, and I’m a little [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] from [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|digging]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]].

**Monica:** Oh damn the [[Friends-词汇总表#jellyfish\|jellyfish]]. Damn all the jellyfish!

**Chandler:** We’ve got to do something!

**Joey:** Well, there’s really only one thing you can do.

**Monica:** What?! What is it?!

**Joey:** You’re gonna have to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] on it.

**Monica:** What?!! Gross!!

**Joey:** Don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] me, I saw it on The Discovery Channel.

**Chandler:** Y'know what, he’s right. There’s something like uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#ammonia\|ammonia]] in that, that like kills the pain.

**Monica:** Well forget it! It doesn’t hurt that *(tries to take a step)* baaad!!!!

**Joey:** If you want some privacy you can use my [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]].


> [!scene] Scene: The beach house, Phoebe is coming down the stairs all packed and ready to go.

**Phoebe:** Well, I’m ready to get the hell out of here! *(Sees Ross and Rachel cuddling on the couch.)* Oh. Are you? Are you?!! *(they nod ‘Yes.’)* Ohh! That’s so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. *(they nod ‘No.’)* But for you, yay! Ohh.

*(The rest of the gang arrives with their heads down in shame.)*

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** How was the beach?

**Monica:** Nothing, I don’t know.

**Ross:** What happened?

**Monica:** Nothing. I’m gonna take a shower.

**Chandler:** Me too!!

**Joey:** Me too.

**Phoebe:** Okay, I’m gonna put this *(her suitcase)* in the car.

**Rachel:** Ooh, I have to go pack. *(Gets up to do so.)* It really does?

**Ross:** It does. It really and [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] does.

*(Rachel kisses him, and goes upstairs. After she’s gone, Ross frantically tries to find and read the ‘Does it?’ part.)*

**Ross:** *(finding the part)* *(looks up in disgust)* It so does not!!!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is telling Joey and Chandler about the letter.

**Ross:** She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was [[Friends-词汇总表#unfaithful\|unfaithful]] to her! *(Both Joey and Chandler shrug their shoulders as to say ”Well...”)*

*(yelling) WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!*

**Chandler:** Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I’m gonna break up with you!

**Ross:** Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]], and she, she says here, *(reading from the letter)* “If you accept full responsibility...” *(to Chandler and Joey)* Full responsibility! “...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. *(yells at Joey)* Does it?!!”

**Joey:** No?

**Chandler:** Look, Ross, you have what you want, you’re back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you’re gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wreck]] the best thing that even happened to you.

**Ross:** *(calming down)* Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you’re right. Yeah I guess I’ll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.

**Joey:** Sure, it’s hard to forget! But that doesn’t mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, *(to Chandler)* ever talk about.

**Ross:** What the hell happened on that beach?!

**Joey:** It’s between us and the sea, Ross!

*(Ross laughs and has a ‘Come on...’ look on his face as he looks and Chandler who nods his head in agreement with Joey. Ross is stunned.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A hallway in an apartment building. Phoebe is knocks on a door and it opens.

**Phoebe:** *(to the person that answered the door)* Hi, Ursula.

**Ursula:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Okay, well umm, I know that we haven’t talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.

**Ursula:** Right, okay, the one that lives in Montuak, umm-hmm.

**Phoebe:** *(shocked)* You know her?!

**Ursula:** No, I umm, I read about her in Mom’s [[Friends-词汇总表#suicide\|suicide]] note.

**Phoebe:** There-there was a [[Friends-词汇总表#suicide\|suicide]] note?! *(Ursula nods ‘Yes.’)* Well, do you still have it?

**Ursula:** *(disgusted)* Hang on. *(She goes into her apartment and slams the door in Phoebe’s face.)*

**Phoebe:** I can’t believe you didn’t tell me there was a [[Friends-词汇总表#suicide\|suicide]] note!

**Ursula:** Yeah. So how have you been doing?

**Phoebe:** I, umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up!

*(Ursula opens the door and hands her the note.)*

**Phoebe:** *(reading from the note)* “Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I’ll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk.” You just wrote this!

**Ursula:** Well, it’s pretty much the [[Friends-词汇总表#gist\|gist]]. Well, except for the [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]]. You read the poem, right?

**Phoebe:** Noooo!!

**Ursula:** All right, hang on! *(She takes the note, goes back into her apartment and slams the door shut.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler, Monica, and Joey are sitting at the table eating dinner and not talking. Ross and Rachel are outside cuddling on the balcony.

**Monica:** Pass the [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]], please.

*(Joey hands her the cheese without looking at her.)*

**Monica:** My God, you can’t even look at me! Can you?

**Joey:** Nope.

*(Phoebe enters.)*

**Chandler:** *(jumping up)* Hey! Phoebe! We can talk to Phoebe!!

**Phoebe:** No. I’m-I’m to [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressed]] to talk.

**Chandler:** I’ll give you a [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars to talk to us.

**Ross:** *(coming back in with Rachel)* Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing? Chandler, Monica, and Joey: NO!!!

**Rachel:** All right, that’s it, you guys! What happened out there?

**Monica:** What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me. Ross and Rachel: Come on!

**Ross:** What happened? Joey?

**Joey:** All right. *(gets up)*

**Monica:** *(stopping him)* No! Joey, we [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swore]] we’d never tell!

**Chandler:** *(running over and joining Monica)* They’ll never understand!

**Joey:** Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]!! Monica got [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|stung]] by a [[Friends-词汇总表#jellyfish\|jellyfish]].

**Monica:** *(interrupting)* All right!! All right. *(walks slowly into the living room)* I got [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|stung]]. Stung bad. I couldn’t stand. I-I couldn’t walk.

**Chandler:** *(following Monica)* We were two [[Friends-词汇总表#mile\|miles]] from the house. Scared and alone. We didn’t think we could make it. *(He goes to put his hands on Monica’s shoulders but for some reason can quite complete the action and pulls back.)*

**Monica:** I was in too much pain.

**Joey:** And I was [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] from [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|digging]] the huge [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]]!

**Chandler:** And then Joey remembered something.

**Joey:** I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...

**Ross:** Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About [[Friends-词汇总表#jellyfish\|jellyfish]] and how if you... *(stops suddenly and turns to look at Monica)* Ewwww!! You [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|peed]] on yourself?! Phoebe and Rachel: Ewwww!!

**Monica:** You can’t say that!! You-you don’t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn’t...[[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bend]] that way. So... *(looks at Joey.)* Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel: *(turning to look at Joey)* Ewwww!!

**Joey:** That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I’d [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn’t. I got the stage [[Friends-词汇总表#fright\|fright]]. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.

**Chandler:** *(wails loudly into his hands)* Joey kept [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screaming]] at me, “Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!” Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.

**Joey:** *(laughs)* That’s ‘cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is finishing up a song.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* “...[[Friends-词汇总表#fuchsia\|fuchsia]] and mauvvve. Those are the 66 [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colours]] of my bedroommmm.” *(applause)* Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colours]] in your [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]. *(Sees that Phoebe Sr. has entered, and to her)* Except for you. You go away. Phoebe Sr.: I’ll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn’t been a day where I didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] giving you up.

**Phoebe:** Okay, bye. Phoebe Sr.: No, I’m not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn’t look you up was, well I was afraid that you’d [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]], just well like, the way, the way you’re reacting right now, and can’t we just, y'know, start from here?

**Phoebe:** No. Phoebe Sr.: Sorry. But just one last thing. Y'know you came looking for family. I’m family, I’m it. Now, now I’m done. *(starts to leave)*

**Phoebe:** But, it’s not like we’re losing anything. Y'know? Phoebe Sr.: Yeah, I guess you’re right.

**Phoebe:** It’s not like we-we know each other or anything. Or that have anything in common. Phoebe Sr.: Well, I don’t know. I mean it’s not like we don’t have anything in common. I mean I like uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]].

**Phoebe:** I-I like [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]! Phoebe Sr.: You do?! Wait, I like umm, the Beetles.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, so do I! Phoebe Sr.: I knew it, wow!!

**Phoebe:** Wait-wait-wait, wait! Puppies. Cute or [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]]? Phoebe Sr.: Ohh, so cute.

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh, well! But umm, still I’m-I’m mad at you. Phoebe Sr.: I know. I’m mad at me too.

**Phoebe:** Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I’m kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]]. Phoebe Sr.: Hey! Me too!

**Phoebe:** All right, stop it. Now you’re just doing it to freak me out.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s bedroom. Ross and Rachel have just finished consummating the new relationship.

**Rachel:** Oh-hooo, I missed you.

**Ross:** I missed you too.

**Rachel:** Ooh, I was soo [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?

**Ross:** *(getting miffed)* I suppose.

**Rachel:** You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, “Once a [[Friends-词汇总表#cheater\|cheater]], always a cheater.”

**Ross:** *(getting angry)* Umm-hmm.

**Rachel:** Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little [[Friends-词汇总表#perspective\|perspective]]...


> [!scene] cut to Monica cleaning the floor in the kitchen

**Ross:** *(yelling from the bedroom)* WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!

**Chandler:** *(entering with Joey)* *(to Monica)* Coffee house?

**Monica:** You bet.


> [!scene] cut back to Rachel’s bedroom with both of them hurriedly getting dressed

**Ross:** And for the record, it took two people to break up this relationship!!

**Rachel:** Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!

**Ross:** I didn’t know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn’t finish the whole letter!

**Rachel:** What?!!

**Ross:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]!

**Rachel:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]?!

**Ross:** It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had [[Friends-词汇总表#ramble\|rambled]] on for 18 pages. Front and back!! *(they go into the living room, trapping Monica, Chandler, and Joey in the kitchen)*

*(to Rachel) Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means ‘you are,’ Y-O-U-R means ‘your!’*

**Rachel:** Y'know I can’t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!

**Ross:** *(starts to cry)* FINE BY ME!! *(he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)*

**Rachel:** Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spelling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tips]] will come in [[Friends-词汇总表#handy\|handy]] when you’re at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!

**Monica:** Hey!!

**Rachel:** *(to Monica)* Sorry!! *(to Ross)* I just feel bad about all that sleep you’re gonna miss wishing you were with me!

**Ross:** Oh, no-no-no don’t you worry about me falling [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]. I still have your letter!!!

**Rachel:** And hey! Just so you know, it’s not that common! It doesn’t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!

**Chandler:** I KNEW IT!!!!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are playing cards at the dinner table.

**Monica:** *(sets down some cards)* Gin.

**Chandler:** We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.

**Monica:** Will you stop!

**Chandler:** Okay. All right.

**Monica:** Okay, all right, I think you’re great, I think you’re sweet, and you’re smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|peed]] on me.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 12 | 308 | 105 | *Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 11 | 385 | 206 | *Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 3 | 296 | 85 | *Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 3 | 130 | 89 | *Jellyfish sting! Oh, it hurts! It hurts!! It hurts!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *Well forget it! It doesn’t hurt that  baaad!!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn’t work either, I can’t tell you how many mornings I wok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 2 | 73 | 55 | *I’m not asking! Phoebe Sr.: Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 2 | 73 | 63 | *Yeah. Let’s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Well, it was loong. I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 2 | 75 | 55 | *Oh damn the jellyfish. Damn all the jellyfish!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Well, I’m ready to get the hell out of here!  Oh. Are you? Are you?!!  Ohh! That’s so great!! Ooh, n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Hang on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 2 | 99 | 81 | *That’s ‘cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Wait-wait-wait, wait! Puppies. Cute or ugly? Phoebe Sr.: Ohh, so cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 2 | 130 | 71 | *Uh-huh, well! But umm, still I’m-I’m mad at you. Phoebe Sr.: I know. I’m mad at me too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Oh, and then Monica joked that she wouldn’t go out with a guy like Chandler...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn’t work either, I can’t tell you how many mornings I wok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Oh, making it worse!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *I’m not asking! Phoebe Sr.: Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Yeah. Let’s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Nope! Because I’m not your boyfriend.  Hey Pheebs, how did it go?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Okay, I’ll be up in,  18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *You just finished?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Nothing. I’m gonna take a shower.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I’d pee on anyone * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *“...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm.”  Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *“Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I’ll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk.” You just wrote this!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Okay, bye. Phoebe Sr.: No, I’m not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn’t loo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *But, it’s not like we’re losing anything. Y'know? Phoebe Sr.: Yeah, I guess you’re right.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *I suppose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *You bet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh, no-no-no don’t you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!* |

### 常用词（49）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 6 | 33 | 24 | *Hey, you guys! Take a look at this!  Check this baby out, dug me a hole!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 3 | 65 | 36 | *I fell asleep!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 2 | 38 | 33 | *Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 2 | 53 | 40 | *Yeah, and I’m a little tired from digging the hole.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] | /dig/ | vt. 挖, 翻土, 发掘 | n. the site of an archeological exploration | 2 | 17 | 15 | *Yeah, and I’m a little tired from digging the hole.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 2 | 53 | 42 | *You’re gonna have to pee on it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 2 | 37 | 32 | *Joey kept screaming at me, “Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!” Sometimes late at night I can sti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 2 | 73 | 42 | *It’s not like we-we know each other or anything. Or that have anything in common. Phoebe Sr.: Well, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 2 | 50 | 38 | *I fell asleep!* |
| ehh |  | abbr. 食管裂孔疝（esophageal hiatal hernia）；高压对光栅行幅（场幅）的影响 |  | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Ehh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]] | /bɒ:ld/ | a. 秃头的, 光秃的, 单调的, 赤裸的 | v. grow bald; lose hair on one's head | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. A* |
| awww |  | n. 啊啊… |  | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Awww.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Well, can’t you tell her that you are not in the mood?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn’t work either, I can’t tell you how many mornings I wok* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 1 | 118 | 49 | *I’m not asking! Phoebe Sr.: Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 1 | 27 | 23 | *Yeah. Let’s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Yeah. Let’s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Umm, where’s my purse?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Shoot! We’re out of soda.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] | /'sәudә/ | n. 苏打, 碳酸水 | n a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and pape | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Shoot! We’re out of soda.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *I found a dried up seashores.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Oh, was it awful?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 1 | 44 | 29 | *Well, it was loong. I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *Well, it was loong. I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *Well, it was loong. I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|crack]] | /kræk/ | n. 裂缝, 爆裂声 | n. a long narrow opening | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Okay.  Wow, it’s-it’s 5:30 in the morning.  So, I’d better get cracking on this baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *What?!! Gross!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Don’t blame me, I saw it on The Discovery Channel.* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Well, I’m ready to get the hell out of here!  Oh. Are you? Are you?!!  Ohh! That’s so great!! Ooh, n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here,  “If you accept full res* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wreck]] | /rek/ | n. 失事, 残骸, 破坏 | n. something or someone that has suffered ruin or dilapidation | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Look, Ross, you have what you want, you’re back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you’re gonna w* |
| noooo |  | [网络] 豪炎寺甚至是麦克鸡；好机会；不要长大好了 |  | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Noooo!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Pass the cheese, please.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depress]] | /di'pres/ | vt. 使沮丧, 压低, 降低, 使萧条 | v. lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 19 | 18 | *No. I’m-I’m to depressed to talk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 1 | 34 | 19 | *I’ll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *No! Joey, we swore we’d never tell!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bend]] | /bend/ | vi. 变弯曲, 屈服 | n. a circular segment of a curve | 1 | 10 | 10 | *You can’t say that!! You-you don’t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anywa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *“...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm.”  Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] | /ri'gret/ | n. 遗憾, 后悔, 悔恨, 抱歉, 歉意 | v. feel sad about the loss or absence of | 1 | 15 | 14 | *“...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm.”  Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]] | /ri'ækt/ | vi. 起反应, 起作用, 反攻 | v. show a response or a reaction to something | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Okay, bye. Phoebe Sr.: No, I’m not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn’t loo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]] | /'pʌpi/ | n. 小狗, 小动物, 自负的年轻人 | n. a young dog | 1 | 22 | 12 | *Wait-wait-wait, wait! Puppies. Cute or ugly? Phoebe Sr.: Ohh, so cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 1 | 39 | 27 | *Wait-wait-wait, wait! Puppies. Cute or ugly? Phoebe Sr.: Ohh, so cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I’m kinda hungry. Phoebe Sr.: Hey! Me too!* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 1 | 42 | 29 | *Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you’re at home on Saturd* |

### 低频词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jellyfish\|jellyfish]] | /'dʒelifiʃ/ | n. 水母, 海蜇, 意志薄弱的人 | n. any of numerous usually marine and free-swimming coelenterates that constitut | 5 | 6 | 2 | *Jellyfish sting! Oh, it hurts! It hurts!! It hurts!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bonnie\|bonnie]] | /'bɒni/ | a. 漂亮的 | s very pleasing to the eye | 4 | 18 | 3 | *Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discovery\|discovery]] | /dis'kʌvәri/ | n. 发现, 被发现的事物 | n. the act of discovering something | 3 | 12 | 8 | *Don’t blame me, I saw it on The Discovery Channel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suicide\|suicide]] | /'sjuisaid/ | n. 自杀, 自杀者 | n. the act of killing yourself | 3 | 8 | 5 | *No, I umm, I read about her in Mom’s suicide note.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|sting]] | /stiŋ/ | n. 叮, 刺痛, 刺激, 讽刺 | n. a kind of pain; something as sudden and painful as being stung | 3 | 17 | 7 | *Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It’s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a * |
| ewwww |  | [网络] 芹菜啦 |  | 3 | 6 | 2 | *Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you...  Ewwww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] | /'pәuim/ | n. 诗, 诗般美的事物 | n. a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines | 2 | 17 | 8 | *Well, it’s pretty much the gist. Well, except for the poem. You read the poem, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colour]] | /'kʌlә/ | n. 颜色, 面色, 颜料, 外貌 | n any material used for its color | 2 | 7 | 6 | *“...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm.”  Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gin\|gin]] | /dʒin/ | n. 杜松子酒, 轧棉机, 陷阱 | n. strong liquor flavored with juniper berries | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Gin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sunburn\|sunburn]] | /'sʌnbә:n/ | n. 日炙, 晒斑, 晒焦, 晒黑 | n. redness of the skin caused by exposure to the rays of the sun | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Rachel was just helping me out. My head got all sunburned.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lily\|lily]] | /'lili/ | n. 百合, 百合花 | n. any liliaceous plant of the genus Lilium having showy pendulous flowers | 1 | 16 | 7 | *I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eighteen\|eighteen]] | /'ei'ti:n/ | num. 十八, 十八个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of seventeen and one | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I’m not asking! Phoebe Sr.: Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gremlin\|gremlin]] | /'gremlin/ | n. 小鬼, 造成烦的原因 | n (folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah. Let’s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin wi* |
| cindy | /'sindi/ | n. 辛迪（女子名, Cynthia的昵称） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah. Let’s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seashore\|seashore]] | /'siʃɒ:/ | n. 海岸, 海滨 | n. the shore of a sea or ocean | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I found a dried up seashores.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweety\|sweety]] | /'swi:ti/ | n. 糖果, 蜜饯 |  | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Sweety, what are you talking about?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abandoner\|abandoner]] | /ә'bændәnә/ | n. 遗弃者, 委付者 | n. One who abandons. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, my new Mom, who-who’s a big, fat abandoner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loong\|loong]] | /lu:ŋ/ | n. 龙 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, it was loong. I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shadow\|shadow]] | /'ʃædәu/ | n. 阴影, 荫, 影子, 影像, 阴暗, 幽灵, 少许, 隐蔽处, 庇护 | n. shade within clear boundaries | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Well, it was loong. I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thorough\|thorough]] | /'θʌrә/ | a. 十分的, 彻底的 | s. painstakingly careful and accurate | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carefully\|carefully]] | /'kєәfuli/ | adv. 小心地, 谨慎地 | r. taking care or paying attention | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glance\|glance]] | /'glɑ:ns/ | n. 一瞥, 闪光, 掠过, 辉矿类 | n. a quick look | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole ‘Does it?’ part just another glance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#holocaust\|holocaust]] | /'hɔlәkɔ:st/ | n. 大屠杀, 大火灾, 毁灭, 大规模烧杀 | n. an act of mass destruction and loss of life (especially in war or by fire) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, there’s a nuclear holocaust, I’m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ammonia\|ammonia]] | /ә'mәunjә/ | n. 氨水, 阿摩尼亚 | n. a pungent gas compounded of nitrogen and hydrogen (NH3) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y'know what, he’s right. There’s something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] | /'tru:li/ | adv. 真实地, 不假 | r. in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 1 | 10 | 9 | *It does. It really and truly does.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfaithful\|unfaithful]] | /.ʌn'feiθful/ | a. 不诚实的, 不忠实的 | a. not true to duty or obligation or promises | 1 | 1 | 1 | *She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gist\|gist]] | /dʒist/ | n. 要点, 要旨, 依据 | n the central meaning or theme of a speech or literary work | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, it’s pretty much the gist. Well, except for the poem. You read the poem, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fright\|fright]] | /frait/ | n. 惊骇, 吃惊 | n an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usuall | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I’d pee on anyone * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fuchsia\|fuchsia]] | /fju:ʃә/ | n. 倒挂金钟属植物 | n. any of various tropical shrubs widely cultivated for their showy drooping pur | 1 | 1 | 1 | *“...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm.”  Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beetle\|beetle]] | /'bi:tl/ | n. 甲虫, 大槌 | n. insect having biting mouthparts and front wings modified to form horny covers | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I-I like pizza! Phoebe Sr.: You do?! Wait, I like umm, the Beetles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheater\|cheater]] | /'tʃi:tә/ | n. 骗子, 诈手 | n someone who leads you to believe something that is not true | 1 | 5 | 4 | *You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perspective\|perspective]] | /pә'spektiv/ | n. 远景, 透视感, (观察问题的)视角, 透视法, 看法, 透视图 | n. the appearance of things relative to one another as determined by their dista | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ramble\|ramble]] | /'ræmbl/ | n. 漫步, 随笔 | n. an aimless amble on a winding course | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handy\|handy]] | /'hændi/ | a. 便利的, 敏捷的, 容易取得的 | n. United States blues musician who transcribed and published traditional blues  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you’re at home on Saturd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scrabble\|scrabble]] | /'skræbl/ | vi. 扒寻, 摸索, 挣扎 | n. a board game in which words are formed from letters in patterns similar to a  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you’re at home on Saturd* |
