---
season: 5
episode: "20"
title: "The One With The Ride Along"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E20 — The One With The Ride Along

*Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan & Seth Kurland*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Rachel, Joey, and Monica are sitting on the couch as Ross is up getting some coffee.

**Monica:** Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.

**Joey:** Oh, yeah, good idea.

*(Ross returns.)*

**Chandler:** Hey man, what's up?

**Ross:** *(sits down at the table)* Oh, eh, just thinking about Emily getting married tomorrow. *(Joey panics.)*

**Joey:** Ooh, Ross, look! Look! *(Points behind Ross.)*

**Ross:** *(turning and looking)* What? Where?

**Joey:** Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!

**Ross:** What am I looking at?

**Joey:** *(to the rest of the gang)* Somebody help me out here!

**Phoebe:** *(entering, with Gary)* Hey!

**Gary:** Hello!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Gary:** How are you?

**Phoebe:** Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] around with him in his [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] car. We saw and prevented crimes.

**Joey:** You got to go on a [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] along?!

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh!

**Joey:** I want to go on a [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] along!

**Ross:** Me too!

**Gary:** Okay!

**Chandler:** Yeah, yeah! Me too!

**Gary:** Really?! You?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Gary:** Well, it's kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerous\|dangerous]].

**Chandler:** Well, I like [[Friends-词汇总表#danger\|danger]].

**Gary:** Okay, you guys free tonight? Joey and Ross: Yeah!!

**Chandler:** Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at [[Friends-词汇总表#nighttime\|nighttime]].


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is kneeling at the coffee table and has a bunch of pictures laid out in front of her as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] these photos!

**Rachel:** Ohh, thank God! Finally!

**Monica:** Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthdays]], [[Friends-词汇总表#candids\|candids]], y'know… And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See? *(Hands her the photo.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.

**Monica:** You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.

**Rachel:** Great! Thanks!

**Monica:** All right, hand me that other box of photos; that's the very last one.

**Rachel:** Okay.

*(She picks up the box and the bottom falls out, spilling all of the pictures onto Monica's neat little piles.)*

**Rachel:** Oops. Sorry! Well, good thing you number all of them, huh?

**Monica:** I hadn't! Photo 152 was a [[Friends-词汇总表#prototype\|prototype]].

**Rachel:** Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a [[Friends-词汇总表#margarita\|margarita]]?

**Ross:** Ross has the [[Friends-词汇总表#blender\|blender]]! Ugh, everything's just falling [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]]!

**Rachel:** No honey, it's okay! Listen, I'll got to Ross's and get the [[Friends-词汇总表#blender\|blender]], you get all the [[Friends-词汇总表#margarita\|margarita]] stuff ready.

**Monica:** All right, he's keys are in the [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]]. Y'know what? I also need some cash.

**Rachel:** Okay, you want me to stop at the ATM?

**Monica:** Nah, while you're at Ross's if you see any lying around…

**Rachel:** What?!

**Monica:** What?! I-I-I don't, I don't do that!

*(Rachel slowly leaves the apartment.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Gary's cop car, Ross is in the front seat with Gary of course. Chandler is in the back seat.

**Ross:** *(to Gary)* That was so cool man, the way you [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|leaned]] on that guy.

**Chandler:** It is starting to get dark out there.

**Ross:** *(to Gary)* He told you everything! I mean you totally [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|cracked]] him!

**Gary:** Yeah well, being that he was the [[Friends-词汇总表#victim\|victim]], they're usually pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#talkative\|talkative]].

**Chandler:** *(laughing)* Okay. *(Deadpan)* But it is [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nighttime\|nighttime]].

*(Gary reaches up to grab that little light that cops have for unmarked cop cars.)*

**Ross:** Oh hey, Gary, want me to grab the [[Friends-词汇总表#berry\|berry]] for ya?

**Gary:** It's called the [[Friends-词汇总表#cherry\|cherry]].

**Ross:** It's the—Chandler!!

*(Chandler starts laughing at his joke.)*

**Joey:** *(returning from a deli)* Okay, I got it! This place makes the best [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] in the world!

**Gary:** Hey Joe does it have [[Friends-词汇总表#meatball\|meatballs]] on it?

**Joey:** Oh-ho, yeah!

**Gary:** Does it have [[Friends-词汇总表#melt\|melted]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#marinara\|marinara]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]]?

**Joey:** Yep!

**Gary:** Yeah, you can't eat that in my car.

**Joey:** *(dejected)* Yeah okay. *(To Chandler)* Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.

**Chandler:** Your tax dollars?

**Joey:** Yeah, okay.


> [!scene] Time lapse, they're still on the ride along and Joey is just sniffing his sandwich.

**Chandler:** *(leans in and takes a sniff of Joey's sandwich)* Wow! That [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] really does smell good.

**Joey:** Did I say you could smell it?!

**Chandler:** I can't smell your [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]?

**Joey:** Half the [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the [[Friends-词汇总表#tastiness\|tastiness]]!

**Chandler:** Okay, I'll give them back. *(Exhales strongly through his nose and Joey just glares at him.)* Look! What is so great about that [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]?

**Joey:** Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] the best sex you've ever had.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Joey:** Are you thinking about Monica?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Yeah, what's that like?


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Rachel is just entering. She takes off her coat and heads for the kitchen. As she does, she knocks something off of a bookcase next to the kitchen door with her coat and it breaks.

**Rachel:** Ohh please don't be from a real [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]]! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! *(She picks up the 2 pieces and looks at the stand.)* Made in Mexico! Yes!! Ugh, who would buy this?! *(Looks for a place to hide it and finds a wall sconce and drops the pieces into it and heads into the kitchen as the phone rings.)*

**Monica:** *(on the answering machine)* Rach! It's me! Pick up!

*(Rachel runs over and answers the phone with the blender in hand.)*

**Rachel:** Hey! What's up?!

**Monica:** I need a few more things to make the [[Friends-词汇总表#margarita\|margaritas]]. Uhh, I need some [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]], some margarita mix, and [[Friends-词汇总表#tequila\|tequila]].

**Rachel:** So all we have is ice?

**Monica:** See if he has ice.

**Rachel:** Okay.

*(She hangs up the phone and starts to head back to the kitchen and notices some money lying out, stops, reaches down to pick it up, the phone rings causing her to drop it, she quickly puts it back, and heads for the kitchen.)*

**Emily:** *(on answering machine)* Hello Ross? It's Emily. *(Rachel runs back into the room with the tequila.)* I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, maybe I am. I keep thinking about you and I'm wondering if-if we made a [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] giving up so fast. Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.

**Rachel:** Oh. Oh! *(Takes a slug of tequila.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The ride along.

**Ross:** So where are we going next?

**Gary:** This [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witness]] won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.

**Chandler:** Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?

**Joey:** Come on man! *(To Gary)* Listen so uh, are you gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#perps\|perps]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] before he [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyers]] up?

**Gary:** It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witness]] not a [[Friends-词汇总表#perp\|perp]]. And no one talks like that!

**Ross:** Yeah, no one talks like that!

**Joey:** Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!

**Ross:** Hey, I'm more [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] than you two!

**Chandler:** How do you figure that?

**Ross:** Hello! I'm in the front seat, okay? I'm Gary's partner!

**Chandler:** Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]]. It, it sounds gay.

**Ross:** Umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]! *(He drops the cherry and it turns on.)*

**Gary:** Hey, do you mind? We're under cover here.

**Ross:** Yeah, no problem. *(Tries to turn it off.)*

**Gary:** Ross!

**Ross:** Sorry! Sorry! Oh, *(He sticks it under his shirt)* there! *(It's just there flashing through his shirt)* Hey Gary, who am I? Phone home!

*(Gary just glares at him.)*


> [!scene] Time lapse, Ross has been demoted to the back seat with Joey and Chandler. He's not too happy about it.

**Chandler:** Look at Officer Ross [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|riding]] back here with the [[Friends-词汇总表#visitor\|visitors]].

**Joey:** Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Rachel is playing Emily's message to Monica.

**Emily:** *(on answering machine)* Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.

**Monica:** *(does Rachel's)* Nooo!

**Rachel:** *(does Monica's)* I know!

**Monica:** Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erase]] that!

**Rachel:** What?! We can't do that!

**Monica:** We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, [[Friends-词汇总表#neurotic\|neurotic]], crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?

**Rachel:** Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn’t give us the right to [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erase]] his message!

**Monica:** I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn’t that give me the right to control him—help him?

**Rachel:** I don't think he's the one who needs help.

*(They both sit down.)*

**Monica:** No, look, she's obviously [[Friends-词汇总表#unstable\|unstable]], okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. *(Rachel slowly turns and glares at her.)* *(Realizing what she just said.)* Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]?! I mean, who would do that?! *(Rachel again turns and glares at her in disgust.)* Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involve]] a lot of the same people.

**Rachel:** Ugh!

**Monica:** Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#twist\|twisted]] joke she's trying to play on him.

**Rachel:** Okay, you are crazy! I'm sorry, but she sounded generally upset! I mean, listen! *(She hits a button on the machine.)*

**Answering Machine:** Your messages have been erased.

**Rachel:** Noooooooo!


> [!scene] Scene: The ride along, they're all waiting outside of the witness's house and still in the car in the same places as before.

**Chandler:** Okay, y'know, we-we're safe right? I mean nothing bad can go down!

**Gary:** No. But that [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminds]] me, *(handing back a clipboard)* sign this.

**Ross:** What is it?

**Gary:** Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]] the city if you [[Friends-词汇总表#scrap\|scrap]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] or y'know, get your head blown off.

**Chandler:** *(deadpan)* Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] up. I want to sign that.

**Gary:** Okay, here he comes. What is he doing? What the hell is he doing?!

**Ross:** What? What? What? What is it?

**Joey:** Is everything okay?

**Chandler:** What's going on?

**Gary:** Okay, he sees us. Now don't move. Don't look at him.

*(They all turn and look away. Suddenly a loud bang sounds out and in slow motion Joey slowly throws his body over Ross. Gary is shocked at what he sees while Chandler is obviously hurt.)*

**Gary:** Hey, it's okay. It was just a car [[Friends-词汇总表#backfire\|backfire]]. *(Joey slowly moves off of Ross.)* Hey, look at that! You tried to save your buddy. You see that? You see what he did?

**Joey:** *(To Ross)* You okay man?

**Ross:** Uh-huh. Thank Joey!

**Chandler:** Uh, HELLO!!

**Joey:** Hi.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Monica has all the supplies she needs and is getting ready to leave.

**Monica:** All right, I guess we should go.

**Rachel:** No, wait. Wait.

**Monica:** Oh yeah right! *(She grabs the money and shoves into her pocket.)*

**Rachel:** No, Monica! Monica! We have to fix this!

**Monica:** There's nothing we can do. You [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erased]] the message!

**Rachel:** Yeah well unless we tell him.

**Monica:** Well, if you're gonna be totally [[Friends-词汇总表#rational\|rational]] about this, I can't [[Friends-词汇总表#argue\|argue]] with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.

*(The phone rings.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] same message.

**Ross:** *(on the machine)* Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]. You are lucky to be [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]! So live [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] to the [[Friends-词汇总表#fullest\|fullest]]. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamps]]. Bye! *(He hangs up.)*

**Monica:** Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!

**Rachel:** Right?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the guys are returning from the ride along to find Phoebe already there.

**Gary:** Hey, anybody want to meet a [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]]?

**Phoebe:** *(excited)* John Glenn is here?!

**Gary:** No, Joey!

**Ross:** Pheebs, we had the most incredible night! Okay, so, we're in the car…

**Gary:** Wait! Hold on! *(He goes over to Phoebe and gives her a kiss.)* *(To Phoebe)* Hi!

**Phoebe:** Hi!

**Gary:** *(To Ross)* Okay, go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]].

**Ross:** Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]]! A [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] was fired. And Joey with no [[Friends-词汇总表#regard\|regard]] for his own safety throws himself on me!

**Phoebe:** My God, Joey!

**Chandler:** *(pouting)* It was a car [[Friends-词汇总表#backfire\|backfire]]!

**Ross:** Yeah, but-but he didn't know that!

**Joey:** Yeah, I didn't know that.

**Ross:** And it could've just as easily have been a [[Friends-词汇总表#bullet\|bullet]].

**Gary:** Hey Joe, you ever think about joining the force? We could use a guy like you.

**Chandler:** Who jumps at [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noises]]!

**Ross:** Wow! I could've died tonight.

**Chandler:** Yeah! If the car that [[Friends-词汇总表#backfire\|backfired]] had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts [[Friends-词汇总表#ramble\|rambling]] about his [[Friends-词汇总表#newfound\|newfound]] respect for life. *(He gets up and starts for the door.)*

**Ross:** I do have a [[Friends-词汇总表#newfound\|newfound]] respect for life.

**Chandler:** *(returning)* Oh my God! *(Storms out.)*

**Gary:** *(To Phoebe)* So you wanna get some dinner?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Sure! Yep! *(Gets up)* Oh, y'know what? If I heard a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] right now, I'd throw my body on you.

**Gary:** Oh yeah? Well maybe you and I should take a walk through a bad [[Friends-词汇总表#neighborhood\|neighborhood]].

**Phoebe:** Okay!

**Gary:** All right.

**Phoebe:** Bye! Ross and Joey: Bye!

*(They leave as Ross stares in awe at Joey.)*

**Joey:** Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is pacing as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Dude! How come you took off?

**Chandler:** Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever…

**Joey:** Is something wrong?

**Chandler:** No. No I'm just [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]]. Y'know, from-from the walk.

**Joey:** Okay.

**Chandler:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#dive\|dove]] in front of Ross! Ross!

**Joey:** That's what this is about! Oh my God, you hate Ross!

**Chandler:** I do not hate Ross!

**Joey:** Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.

**Chandler:** What picture?

**Joey:** I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!

**Chandler:** Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car [[Friends-词汇总表#backfire\|backfire]], but y'know, it could've been a [[Friends-词汇总表#bullet\|bullet]] and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!

**Joey:** Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I…knew…you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!

**Chandler:** When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.

**Joey:** Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.

**Chandler:** From a [[Friends-词汇总表#bullet\|bullet]]!

**Joey:** I know it doesn't make much sense…

**Chandler:** Much sense?!

**Joey:** Look Chandler, it was [[Friends-词汇总表#instinct\|instinct]]! Okay? I just went for it!

**Chandler:** So you risked your life, for a [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]!

**Joey:** I know it sounds crazy, but Chandler this is *(Goes and picks up the sandwich)* the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] in the world!

**Chandler:** So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me.

**Joey:** No! I would never do that! You-you're like my brother!

**Chandler:** Really?!

**Joey:** Yeah! In fact, to [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] how much you mean to me, *(He unwraps the sandwich and holds it out for Chandler)* here.

**Chandler:** Thanks. *(He grabs the sandwich.)*

**Joey:** No, eh, oh-oi, easy, it's not a hot dog!

*(Chandler takes a bite.)*

**Joey:** How good is that?

**Chandler:** *(with his mouthful)* Oh-oi-ho, yeah!

**Joey:** See?

**Chandler:** Hm-hmm. *(Goes to take another bite.)*

**Joey:** Oh-whoa-hey, dude, what are you doing?!

**Chandler:** I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.

**Joey:** Yeah. With a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]]! *(Takes back the sandwich.)* Gee-e-e-eez!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Rachel is trying to repair the thing she broke earlier, but gets interrupted by hearing Ross at the door. She panics and throws the thing into the kitchen. And runs to the couch as Ross enters.

**Rachel:** Hey! Hi!

**Ross:** Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?

**Rachel:** Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]]!

**Ross:** Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh! *(He goes over and hugs her.)*

**Rachel:** Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?

**Ross:** The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!

**Rachel:** What?! What? What happened?!

**Ross:** Okay, okay, we were on the [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] along with Gary, right?

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Ross:** And somebody took a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] at me!

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Really?!

**Ross:** No, a car [[Friends-词汇总表#backfire\|backfired]], but *(Rachel suddenly calms down)* I thought somebody was taking a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] at me. And Rach, I…I [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survived]]! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to [[Friends-词汇总表#seize\|seize]] every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.

**Rachel:** Because a car [[Friends-词汇总表#backfire\|backfired]]?

**Ross:** *(stares at her briefly)* Okay, why are you here?

**Rachel:** Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "[[Friends-词汇总表#seize\|seizing]]" thing but um, Emily called you today.

**Ross:** You talked to her?

**Rachel:** No, she left a message. *(He starts for the machine.)* *(Stopping him.)* But it-it kinda got [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erased]]. There's just *(Pause)* something wrong with your machine.

**Ross:** Well, okay, what-what did she say?

**Rachel:** Well, uh something about having second thoughts about the wedding and did you guys make a [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] breaking up and uh, she wants you to call her.

**Ross:** Wow!

**Rachel:** Now, that-that was a good thing that I told you, right?

**Ross:** Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!

**Rachel:** Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because—I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me—not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. *(She starts for the door.)* *(Stops)* Your decision.

**Ross:** Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.

**Rachel:** Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you [[Friends-词汇总表#miserable\|miserable]]! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?

**Ross:** Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!

**Rachel:** Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] an experience!

**Ross:** You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to [[Friends-词汇总表#seize\|seize]]! Y'know?

**Rachel:** Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about [[Friends-词汇总表#seize\|seizing]] stuff. Maybe this is about [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escaping]] stuff.

**Ross:** Huh.

**Rachel:** I mean, look-look today you [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escaped]] *(Pause)* *(Not believing it)* death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] getting back together with Emily?

**Ross:** That does make sense. Because I do wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#seize\|seize]] some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.

**Rachel:** Well, there you go!

**Ross:** Yeah. Maybe today is just, close call day.

**Rachel:** *(laughing)* Close call day.

**Ross:** Hey, thanks Rach. *(They hug.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh, honey no problem. Okay. *(Gets up.)*

**Ross:** Oh wait-wait-wait! The message is [[Friends-词汇总表#blink\|blinking]]. Maybe you didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erase]] it.

**Rachel:** Oh?

*(Ross hits the playback button.)*

**Ross:** *(on machine)* "Hey Ross, it's you!" *(Hits the stop button)* Oh yeah, no that's-that's an old message, nobody needs to hear that.

**Rachel:** No. *(She heads for the door again.)*

**Ross:** *(looking at the coffee table where his money was)* Hey umm, was-was Monica here?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Yeah, I want my money back.

**Rachel:** *(going out the door)* Yeah, uh you-you probably need that for [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamps]], right?

*(Ross is stunned.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.

**Ross:** Hey Pheebs, has Gary ever been [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] at for real?

**Phoebe:** Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.

**Ross:** I wonder how I would [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]] under fire, y'know? And not [[Friends-词汇总表#backfire\|backfire]] but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.

**Monica:** Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.

**Chandler:** Before or after you were [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] by your own [[Friends-词汇总表#troop\|troops]]?

**Ross:** I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the [[Friends-词汇总表#foxhole\|foxhole]] protecting all of us.

**Chandler:** Yes, if the [[Friends-词汇总表#foxhole\|foxhole]] was lined with [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwiches]].

**Joey:** Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwiches]]. *(Points at Ross who points back.)*

**Phoebe:** Well you all know that I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#pacifist\|pacifist]] so I'm not interested in war in any way. *(Gets up)* But y'know what? When the [[Friends-词汇总表#revolution\|revolution]] comes, I will have to [[Friends-词汇总表#destroy\|destroy]] you all. *(Starts to leave.)* *(To Joey)* Not you Joey.

*(Joey gets all happy with himself, while the rest of the gang is less than enthused.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 5 | 281 | 110 | *Hello Ross? It's Emily.  I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 4 | 109 | 68 | *Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 3 | 422 | 131 | *Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back togethe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *All right, I guess we should go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 3 | 182 | 101 | *Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *He told you everything! I mean you totally cracked him!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 2 | 130 | 71 | *Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *Okay, you are crazy! I'm sorry, but she sounded generally upset! I mean, listen!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death expe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a marg* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Nah, while you're at Ross's if you see any lying around…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Oh hey, Gary, want me to grab the berry for ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Yeah, you can't eat that in my car.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequ* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Hello Ross? It's Emily.  I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *This witness won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Hello! I'm in the front seat, okay? I'm Gary's partner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn’t that give me th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn’t that give me th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Okay, here he comes. What is he doing? What the hell is he doing?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Pheebs, we had the most incredible night! Okay, so, we're in the car…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *So you wanna get some dinner?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death expe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?* |

### 常用词（47）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 8 | 65 | 28 | *Okay, I got it! This place makes the best sandwich in the world!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 4 | 52 | 33 | *Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] | /kɒp/ | n. 警官 | n uncomplimentary terms for a policeman | 4 | 20 | 13 | *Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 2 | 152 | 44 | *Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 2 | 60 | 45 | *Hello Ross? It's Emily.  I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]] | /'hiәrәu/ | n. 英雄, 超越常人者, 男主角 | n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength | 2 | 16 | 12 | *Hey, anybody want to meet a hero?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerous\|dangerous]] | /'deindʒәrәs/ | a. 危险的 | a. involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well, it's kinda dangerous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] | /'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | vt. 组织, 有机化, 给予生机 | v. cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!* |
| oops | /u:ps/ | interj. (表示惊讶、沮丧、谢罪等)哎哟 |  | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Oops. Sorry! Well, good thing you number all of them, huh?* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a marg* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] | /ә'pɑ:t/ | adv. 成零碎, 成距离, 分别地, 分离着 | s. remote and separate physically or socially | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Ross has the blender! Ugh, everything's just falling apart!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 1 | 23 | 19 | *All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|lean]] | /li:n/ | n. 瘦肉, 倾斜, 倾斜度 | v. to incline or bend from a vertical position | 1 | 10 | 10 | *That was so cool man, the way you leaned on that guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|crack]] | /kræk/ | n. 裂缝, 爆裂声 | n. a long narrow opening | 1 | 19 | 17 | *He told you everything! I mean you totally cracked him!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Okay.  But it is officially nighttime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Does it have melted cheese and marinara sauce?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]] | /sɒ:s/ | n. 酱油, 调味汁, 酱 | n. flavorful relish or dressing or topping served as an accompaniment to food | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Does it have melted cheese and marinara sauce?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Okay, imagine the best sex you've ever had.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *Ohh please don't be from a real dinosaur! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Pl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]] | /sɒ:lt/ | n. 盐, 风趣, 刺激 | n. a compound formed by replacing hydrogen in an acid by a metal (or a radical t | 1 | 20 | 11 | *I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequ* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Come on man!  Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Come on man!  Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Umm, jealous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 1 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo!* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even R* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *No. But that reminds me,  sign this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] | /ig'zækt/ | a. 精确的, 准确的, 精密的 | a. marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the exact same message.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Okay, go ahead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *Who jumps at loud noises!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 1 | 40 | 26 | *Who jumps at loud noises!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *No. No I'm just tired. Y'know, from-from the walk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *I know it sounds crazy, but Chandler this is  the greatest sandwich in the world!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Yeah! In fact, to prove how much you mean to me,  here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Yeah. With a bite!  Gee-e-e-eez!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] | /i'skeip/ | n. 逃亡, 避难设备, 逃跑 | n. the act of escaping physically | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]] | /ri'ækt/ | vi. 起反应, 起作用, 反攻 | v. show a response or a reaction to something | 1 | 12 | 11 | *I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] | /fæn'tæstik/ | a. 奇妙的, 稀奇的, 空想的 | s. extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 23 | 21 | *Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#destroy\|destroy]] | /di'strɒi/ | vt. 破坏, 毁坏, 消灭 | v. do away with, cause the destruction or undoing of | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way.  But y'know what? Whe* |

### 低频词（53）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gary\|gary]] | /'^eәri/ | n. 盖理 | n. a city in northwest Indiana on Lake Michigan; steel production | 6 | 24 | 8 | *Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backfire\|backfire]] | /.bæk'faiә/ | n. 逆火, 回火, 放火 | n. a loud noise made by the explosion of fuel in the manifold or exhaust of an i | 4 | 5 | 2 | *Hey, it's okay. It was just a car backfire.  Hey, look at that! You tried to save your buddy. You se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#margarita\|margarita]] | /,mɑ:^ә'ri:tә/ | n. 玛格丽塔(Margaret的异体)(f.) | n. a cocktail made of tequila and triple sec with lime and lemon juice | 3 | 11 | 6 | *Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a marg* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erase]] | /i'reis/ | vt. 抹去, 擦掉 | v. remove from memory or existence | 3 | 8 | 6 | *Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bullet\|bullet]] | /'bulit/ | n. 子弹 | n. a projectile that is fired from a gun | 3 | 6 | 4 | *And it could've just as easily have been a bullet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seize\|seize]] | /si:z/ | vt. 抓住, 逮捕, 俘获, 没收, 扣押, 掌握 | v. take hold of; grab | 3 | 5 | 2 | *No, a car backfired, but  I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I…I survived! And I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nighttime\|nighttime]] |  | n. 夜间 | n the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at nighttime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blender\|blender]] | /'blendә/ | n. 混合者, 混合器, 搅拌器 | n. an electrically powered mixer with whirling blades that mix or chop or liquef | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Ross has the blender! Ugh, everything's just falling apart!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witness]] | /'witnis/ | n. 证人, 目击者, 证据, 证词 | n. someone who sees an event and reports what happened | 2 | 10 | 9 | *This witness won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamp]] | /stæmp/ | n. 印, 邮票, 打印器, 戳子, 图章, 印花税票, 标志, 特征, 类型, 跺脚 | n. a type or class | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newfound\|newfound]] | /'nju:fajnd/ | a. 新发现的 | s. newly discovered | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross star* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foxhole\|foxhole]] | /'fɒkshәul/ | n. 散兵坑 | n. a small dugout with a pit for individual shelter against enemy fire | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#danger\|danger]] | /'deindʒә/ | n. 危险, 威胁 | n. the condition of being susceptible to harm or injury | 1 | 10 | 5 | *Well, I like danger.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candids\|candids]] |  | (candid 的复数) a. 坦白的, 率直的, 公正的 | plural of candid | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poo\|poo]] |  | 邮政汇票 |  | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prototype\|prototype]] | /'prәutәtaip/ | n. 原型 | n. a standard or typical example | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I hadn't! Photo 152 was a prototype.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#atm\|atm]] |  | [计] 自动出纳机 | n a unit of pressure: the pressure that will support a column of mercury 760 mm  | 1 | 12 | 6 | *Okay, you want me to stop at the ATM?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#victim\|victim]] | /'viktim/ | n. 受害人, 牺牲者, 牺牲品 | n. an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse circumstance | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah well, being that he was the victim, they're usually pretty talkative.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkative\|talkative]] | /'tɒ:kәtiv/ | a. 喜欢说话的, 饶舌的, 多嘴的 | s full of trivial conversation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah well, being that he was the victim, they're usually pretty talkative.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#berry\|berry]] | /'beri/ | n. 浆果 | n. any of numerous small and pulpy edible fruits; used as desserts or in making  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh hey, Gary, want me to grab the berry for ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cherry\|cherry]] | /'tʃeri/ | n. 樱桃, 樱桃树, 樱桃色 | n. wood of any of various cherry trees especially the black cherry | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It's called the cherry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meatball\|meatball]] | /'mi:tbɒ:l/ | n. 肉团, 愚蠢, 飞机降落目标 | n. ground meat formed into a ball and fried or simmered in broth | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey Joe does it have meatballs on it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#melt\|melt]] | /melt/ | n. 熔化, 熔化物, 溶解 | v. reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heat | 1 | 7 | 3 | *Does it have melted cheese and marinara sauce?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marinara\|marinara]] | /,mærә'nærә/ | n. (意大利烹饪用的含西红柿、大蒜、洋葱等调制成的)海员式沙司 | n. sauce for pasta; contains tomatoes and garlic and herbs | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Does it have melted cheese and marinara sauce?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tastiness\|tastiness]] |  | [医]滋味, 味道 | n. pleasant palatability | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tequila\|tequila]] | /tә'ki:lә/ | n. 蒸馏酒, 龙舌兰酒 | n. Mexican liquor made from fermented juices of an agave plant | 1 | 7 | 5 | *I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequ* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perps\|perps]] |  | 竖缝 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Come on man!  Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perp\|perp]] | /pɚrp/ | n. <口>罪犯 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's a witness not a perp. And no one talks like that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#serpico\|serpico]] |  | n. (Serpico)人名；(意)塞尔皮科 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neurotic\|neurotic]] | /nju'rɒtik/ | n. 神经症患者 | n. a person suffering from neurosis | 1 | 2 | 2 | *We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back togethe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unstable\|unstable]] | /.ʌn'steibl/ | a. 不稳定的 | a. lacking stability or fixity or firmness | 1 | 4 | 3 | *No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involve]] | /in'vɒlv/ | vt. 包括, 使陷于, 潜心于, 包围 | v. connect closely and often incriminatingly | 1 | 10 | 7 | *No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twist\|twist]] | /twist/ | n. 一扭, 扭曲, 曲折, 歪曲, 螺旋状, 新手法 | n. a jerky pulling movement | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.* |
| noooooooo |  | [网络] 宝贝的故事吗；奸狡的微笑 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Noooooooo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]] | /su:/ | vt. 控告, 起诉, 请求 | n. French writer whose novels described the sordid side of city life (1804-1857) | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scrap\|scrap]] | /skræp/ | n. 碎片, 残余物, 些微, 片断, 铁屑, 吵架 | n. a small piece of something that is left over after the rest has been used | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rational\|rational]] | /'ræʃәnl/ | a. 理性的, 合理的 | a. consistent with or based on or using reason | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#argue\|argue]] | /'ɑ:gju/ | vi. 提出理由, 争论, 辩论 | v. present reasons and arguments | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fullest\|fullest]] |  | 最满的, 最完全的（full的最高级） | a containing as much or as many as is possible or normal | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glenn\|glenn]] | /^len/ | n. 格伦（男子名） | n. made the first orbital rocket-powered flight by a United States astronaut in  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *John Glenn is here?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]] | /bæŋ/ | n. 重击, 突然巨响, 刘海 | n. a sudden very loud noise | 1 | 22 | 9 | *Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regard\|regard]] | /ri'gɑ:d/ | n. 关心, 注意, 尊敬, 关系, 问候 | n. (usually plural) a polite expression of desire for someone's welfare | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ramble\|ramble]] | /'ræmbl/ | n. 漫步, 随笔 | n. an aimless amble on a winding course | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross star* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighborhood\|neighborhood]] | /'neibәhud/ | n. 附近, 邻近 | n. people living near one another | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh yeah? Well maybe you and I should take a walk through a bad neighborhood.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dive\|dive]] | /daiv/ | n. 潜水, 跳水 | n. a headlong plunge into water | 1 | 8 | 8 | *You dove in front of Ross! Ross!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instinct\|instinct]] | /'instiŋkt/ | n. 本能, 直觉 | n. inborn pattern of behavior often responsive to specific stimuli | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Look Chandler, it was instinct! Okay? I just went for it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]] | /'bʌkit/ | n. 桶 | n. a roughly cylindrical vessel that is open at the top | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]] | /sә'vaiv/ | vt. 比...活得长, 生存, 生还, 幸免于 | v. continue to live through hardship or adversity | 1 | 9 | 9 | *No, a car backfired, but  I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I…I survived! And I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miserable\|miserable]] | /'mizәrәbl/ | a. 悲惨的；痛苦的；卑鄙的 | s. very unhappy; full of misery | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blink\|blink]] | /bliŋk/ | vi. 眨眼, 闪亮 | n. a reflex that closes and opens the eyes rapidly | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh wait-wait-wait! The message is blinking. Maybe you didn't erase it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#troop\|troop]] | /tru:p/ | n. 军队, 一群, 一队 | n. a group of soldiers | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Before or after you were shot by your own troops?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pacifist\|pacifist]] | /'pæsifist/ | n. 和平主义者, 反战论者, 不抵抗主义者 | n. someone opposed to violence as a means of settling disputes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way.  But y'know what? Whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#revolution\|revolution]] | /.revә'lu:ʃәn/ | n. 革命, 大变革, 旋转, 转数, 循环 | n. a drastic and far-reaching change in ways of thinking and behaving | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way.  But y'know what? Whe* |
