---
season: 5
episode: "21"
title: "The One With The Ball"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E21 — The One With The Ball

*Teleplay by: Greg Malins*

*Story by: Scott Silveri*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Gary, Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler are there.

**Gary:** *(To Phoebe)* Would you like some more coffee, baby-[[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]]?

**Phoebe:** I'm fine, thanks.

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Yeah, see, I can't pull of baby-[[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] can I?

**Monica:** No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]]. I'm gonna get some [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]].

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(Monica leaves and Chandler moves to talk to Phoebe.)*

**Chandler:** Hiya doin' [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]]?

**Phoebe:** Nope. *(Chandler nods in agreement.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Gary and Monica at the counter.

**Monica:** So it looks like it's going really well for you two, huh?

**Gary:** I know, really well. In fact, I'm gonna ask Phoebe to move in with me.

**Monica:** *(shocked)* Oh my God!

**Gary:** What do you, what do you think?

**Monica:** I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?

**Gary:** Tonight, but don't say anything. Okay?

**Monica:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]], I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't [[Friends-词汇总表#resist\|resist]] it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#funeral\|funeral]]…

**Gary:** *(To Phoebe)* I'll see you after work sweetie. *(Kisses her.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay. Bye!

*(Gary exits and Monica rejoins them.)*

**Phoebe:** So, what movie should we see?

**Monica:** *(sitting down)* Gary's gonna ask you to move in with him!!

**Phoebe:** What?! Really?!

**Monica:** He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!

**Phoebe:** I can't believe this!

**Chandler:** *(terrified)* Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!

**Monica:** Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!

**Chandler:** Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go! *(Breathes a sigh of relief)*

**Phoebe:** No, but it is fast. Isn't it?

**Monica:** Ohhhh!

**Phoebe:** No, I like him a lot but I don't think I'm ready for this!

**Chandler:** So, what are you gonna do?

**Phoebe:** I don't know. I'll just handle it—I'll ask you to talk to him!

**Chandler:** Me?! Why me?

**Phoebe:** Because you are so afraid of [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]]! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a…man!

**Chandler:** I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] than I used to be.

**Monica:** That is so sweet! *(She kisses him and turns to add some sugar to her tea.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Phoebe, behind Monica's back)* Still [[Friends-词汇总表#terrify\|terrified]], I'll take care of it. No problem. *(When Monica turns back he smiles and kisses her, when she turns away he nods that he'll do it to Phoebe.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey and Ross are playing catch with a little foam globe.

**Joey:** Hey Ross, is uh, is Staten Island really an island?

**Ross:** Uh-huh, that's why they call it Staten Island.

**Joey:** Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.

**Ross:** *(he catches the ball and pauses, staring at Joey in disbelief)* Also an island.

*(The game resumes.)*

**Joey:** Hey, what time is it?

**Ross:** *(looks at his watch)* 2:17.

**Joey:** Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?

**Ross:** Are you serious?!

**Joey:** Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to [[Friends-词汇总表#jinx\|jinx]] it.

**Ross:** Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]!

**Joey:** Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]]! *(Checks his pants.)* Yeah, my pants are a little [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]]!

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey, you guys…

**Joey:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Is Monica here? Joey and Ross: No.

**Rachel:** All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.

**Ross:** You bought Shawn Cassidy!

**Rachel:** Noo! I wish! Okay, you ready? Joey and Ross: Yeah!

**Rachel:** Okay! *(She goes and gets her surprise and when she returns with it, Ross stares in shock.)* Check it out!

*(Joey turns and looks at quite possibly one of the ugliest pets that you can possibly buy on the planet. Rachel has bought herself a hairless cat. Yep, a hairless cat! Joey and Ross start to get sick.)*

**Ross:** What-what is it?!

**Joey:** What the hell is that?!!

**Rachel:** It's a, it's a cat!

**Joey:** That, is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}

**Rachel:** Yes it is!

**Ross:** Why is it inside out?!

**Rachel:** Excuse me! But this is a [[Friends-词汇总表#purebred\|purebred]], show-quality Sphinx cat!

**Ross:** How much did you pay for that?

**Rachel:** Well, it was a little [[Friends-词汇总表#extravagant\|extravagant]], but I a pretty good deal.

**Ross:** Yeah? How much?

**Rachel:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Ross:** ON A CAT??!!!!

**Joey:** It's not a cat!

**Rachel:** All right listen ball boys! My [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetest\|sweetest]] thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#purr\|purr]] all day long, and I would [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoestring\|shoestring]] on the ground and he would [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] it!

**Ross:** Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminds]] me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal [[Friends-词汇总表#shelter\|shelter]]. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a [[Friends-词汇总表#leash\|leash]], go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to [[Friends-词汇总表#regularly\|regularly]] scheduled programming.}

**Joey:** It's not a cat!

**Rachel:** Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little [[Friends-词汇总表#litter\|litter]] box for Mrs. Whiskerson. *(They both glare at her.)* Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!

*(Rachel goes into the bathroom as the guys continue throwing the ball.)*

**Ross:** *(To Joey)* Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]]? Huh?

**Joey:** Uhh, the ball thing.

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Joey:** Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!

**Ross:** Uhh, yeah it would! Let's do it!

**Joey:** Okay!

*(They throw the ball back and forth once.)*

**Joey:** *(catches the ball)* Uh-oh.

**Ross:** What?

**Joey:** I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]. And Rachel's in the bathroom!


> [!scene] Cut to Chandler and Joey's, Ross is seen throwing the ball into the bathroom, presumably where Joey is currently using the facilities.

**Joey:** Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!

**Ross:** I know! *(Looks at the ball in his hands.)* Don't switch hands, okay?


> [!scene] Scene: the 5th Precinct, Gary's precinct, Chandler has come to talk to him about commitment. And as he's walking through the door he notices a couple of "Ladies of the night" sitting there. (If you know what I mean.)

**Chandler:** Hey ladies! What are you in here for? *(Laughs at his joke.)*

**Gary:** Hey Chandler, what are you doing here?

**Chandler:** Gary, I'm here to report a crime.

**Gary:** Yeah?

**Chandler:** It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together.

**Gary:** *(laughs, then suddenly serious)* What's up?

**Chandler:** Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.

**Gary:** Sure. Okay.

**Chandler:** Uh, are you crazy? Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!

**Gary:** Yeah, I-I considered that. I just know it would make me happy.

**Chandler:** You mean scared.

**Gary:** No, I mean happy.

**Chandler:** Scared? Happy?

**Gary:** Chandler, what-what are you doing?

**Chandler:** I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!

**Gary:** I know! I can't wait!

**Chandler:** Were you're parents happy, or something?

**Gary:** Listen Chandler, the way I see it is that I was lucky enough to find someone that I really love. I just—I wanna be around her as much as I can.

**Chandler:** Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]].

**Gary:** So you know what I'm talking about, right?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!

**Gary:** No, it's too soon for you guys.

**Chandler:** *(pause)* Yeah, you're right about that.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Joey are still playing catch.

**Ross:** …now when they found the [[Friends-词汇总表#remain\|remains]] of the Mesozoic Mastodon they [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discovered]] what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its [[Friends-词汇总表#jaw\|jaws]]! How did it get there?! {Y'know, sometimes I think the script [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writers]] throw in a line like that to try to trip me up. But it won't work. I'll always have the last laugh! <manical_laugh.wav> Okay, so maybe I'm a little [[Friends-词汇总表#delude\|deluded]], it's probably just my [[Friends-词汇总表#spellchecker\|spellchecker]]. But, I must [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] I did get Mesozoic and Paleozoic on the first [[Friends-词汇总表#attempt\|attempt]]. Yay me! Anyhoo…}

**Joey:** Maybe this should be more of a [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] game. {Oh, all right!  Geez, I can't have any fun!}

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey guys!

**Joey:** Hi!

**Monica:** Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. *(Goes to the counter)* It was right here, where is it?

**Joey:** I don't know.

**Monica:** All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!

**Ross:** How do you know? You don't have a watch.

**Monica:** Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!

**Joey:** Oh, I don't know…. Yeah, can't do it.

*(He throws it back to Ross, but it's intercepted by Monica and the guys both scream in horror.)*

**Monica:** What?!

**Ross:** Monica, whatever you do, do not drop that ball!

**Joey:** Yeah, we haven't dropped it in… *(Looks to Ross.)*

**Ross:** 2 hours, 27 minutes.

**Monica:** Really?!


> [!scene] Time lapse, Monica has joined in and is calling to get out of work.

**Monica:** *(on phone, faking she's sick)* I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. *(Joey makes a high throw and Monica has to catch it way over her head.)* *(Not sounding sick)* Yes!! *(Realizes what she just did.)* *(Sounding sick again)* Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not. *(Hangs up and keeps throwing the ball.)*

*(Rachel enters.)*

**Ross:** Hey Rach!

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Ross:** Check it out! Almost 3 hours without droppin' it!

**Rachel:** Oh, wow! Congratulations, that's quite a waste of time.

**Monica:** Rach?

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Monica:** You have [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratches]] all over you, what happened? *(Rachel's arms are covered with scratches.)*

**Rachel:** Well, it's my cat.

**Monica:** *(shocked)* What?!

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, I got a cat.

**Monica:** I don't want a cat!

**Joey:** Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|dragged]] that little string on the ground, and it just [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flipped]] out and [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratched]] the hell out of me. And I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]], I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat [[Friends-词汇总表#hiss\|hisses]] at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"

**Ross:** Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars for a cat.

**Monica:** *(To Rachel)* What?! You paid a [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars for a cat when you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me 300!!

**Rachel:** Well, I was gonna let you play with it.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is drinking coffee as Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** Hmm, did you talk to Gary about the moving in thing?

**Chandler:** Yes I did, and I think you should do it.

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Chandler:** He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.

**Phoebe:** You are [[Friends-词汇总表#useless\|useless]]! Freaking out about [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you can't even do that right! God!

**Chandler:** I’m sorry. *(Pause)* If you ask me, I'd move in with him.

**Phoebe:** Ohh!! God! *(Gary enters and she sees him)* Ooh! *(To Chandler)* Get out of here, good for nothing.

**Gary:** Hey Chandler.

**Chandler:** Hey Gar!

**Gary:** *(To Phoebe)* Hi sweetie. *(Kisses her.)* Hi, can I talk to you for a second?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Okay. *(They move to the couch.)*

**Gary:** You look very pretty today.

**Phoebe:** Thanks! Okay. *(They sit down.)*

**Gary:** Here's the thing.

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Gary:** Y'know I really want to move this relationship forward.

**Phoebe:** Uh-hmm.

**Gary:** Because if you're not moving forward, y'know you're just moving [[Friends-词汇总表#backwards\|backwards]].

**Phoebe:** No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this. *(She stays still for a brief second.)*

**Gary:** Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Gary:** I want you to move in with me.

**Phoebe:** That is so sweet. But don't you think it's a little too soon? I mean there's so much we don't know about each other.

**Gary:** *(disappointed)* Oh. Oh-oh-okay, I get it.

**Phoebe:** I just—I don't want us to jump into something we're not ready for.

**Gary:** *(disappointed more)* Uh-huh.

**Phoebe:** I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just—I'm worried it's gonna be a big [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]].

**Gary:** *(on the verge of tears)* Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Which is why my answer is yes!

**Gary:** *(suddenly happy)* Really?!

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh! *(They hug.)* I'm so…happy. *(She's not happy.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey, Ross, and Monica are still playing catch, with Chandler looking on. Joey throws the ball to Monica who catches it and whips it at Ross.

**Ross:** *(catching the ball)* Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!

**Chandler:** Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?

**Joey:** That's right baby.

**Chandler:** All right, let me in. *(He jumps off of the counter to join in the game.)*

**Monica:** *(jumping in front of him)* No-no! Don't do it! Don't!

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** He's a [[Friends-词汇总表#dropper\|dropper]]!

**Joey:** Oh yeah, that's right!

**Chandler:** I'm not a [[Friends-词汇总表#dropper\|dropper]]!

**Ross:** It's really a uh-uh three person game, y'know?

**Chandler:** It's throwing and catching!

**Ross:** All right. *(He gently tosses the ball to Chandler who catches it.)*

**Chandler:** Oh! Oh! That's so hard. *(Starts to juggle the ball, but loses control and almost drops it and hands it to Monica.)*

*(Rachel enters with the "cat" and the chick and the duck start to get riled up.)*

**Joey:** Whoa-whoa you guys, it's not a cat!

**Monica:** Oh my—Oh good God!

**Rachel:** *(she's wearing an oven mitt to protect her hand)* I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!

**Ross:** Baking it didn't help, huh?

**Monica:** So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?

**Rachel:** I tried! They won't take her back.

**Chandler:** Maybe that's because she's a [[Friends-词汇总表#minion\|minion]] of the anti-Christ.

**Monica:** Rach, why won't they take it back?

**Rachel:** Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] regular cats?

**Monica:** Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.

**Rachel:** No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars, I'm all [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratched]] up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand! *(Storms out.)*

*(Monica sneezes.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been [[Friends-词汇总表#compromise\|compromised]]!! *(Quickly grabs a tissue to wipe her eyes.)* Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.

**Chandler:** Yeah, you almost [[Friends-词汇总表#overreact\|overreacted]] to something. Phoebe and Gary: *(entering)* Hey!

**All:** Hey!

**Gary:** We have great news!

**Phoebe:** We're moving in together! Isn't it great! Yay!

**All:** Congratulations! Congrats!

**Phoebe:** I know, I'm so excited!

**Gary:** So am I!

**Phoebe:** Well, you're not more excited than I am! No way! I'm the most excited!

**Gary:** Okay, I'll see you at the station later.

**Phoebe:** Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!

**Gary:** All right.

*(Phoebe closes the door behind him.)*

**Monica:** So you're moving in with him. What happened?

**Phoebe:** I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it [[Friends-词汇总表#eventually\|eventually]] anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamps]].

**Monica:** Why, do you write him a lot?

**Phoebe:** No, I just heard when people live together, they [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] the cost of [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamps]]. Don't they?

**All:** Yeah! That's right. Yeah-yeah! Yeah!

*(Rachel enters with the cat, wearing the oven mitt, and startles Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, I'm sorry, the [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mitt\|mitts]] really freaked me out.


> [!scene] Scene: Gary's precinct, Phoebe is entering.

**Gary:** Hey, honey! Okay, so did you find any apartments? Anything in Brooklyn Heights?

**Phoebe:** No, nothing.

**Gary:** Oh really?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Gary:** Nothing at all?

**Phoebe:** No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool. *(Turns away from him.)*

**Gary:** Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh!

*(He takes her into one of those typical interrogation rooms you see on TV and in the movies. Which is really appropriate here, since this is a TV show. What are the odds of that?)*

**Gary:** Take a seat. You okay? You [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] all right? *(Closes the door and takes off his coat.)*

**Phoebe:** *(sits down)* Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.

**Gary:** So you uh, you checked the paper for listings in Brooklyn Heights, right? You-you checked the Post?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. *(Pause)* Can I get some water?

**Gary:** In a minute. You-you checked today's Post?

**Phoebe:** Umm, yeah! Today's.

**Gary:** 'Cause uh, this is today's Post *(produces one from the other chair)* and uh, these are the listings I found. *(Points)* Brooklyn Heights, two [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]. *(Points)* Brooklyn Heights, one [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]. *(Points)* Brooklyn Heights, *(points)* Brooklyn Heights,

*(points) Brooklyn Heights!*

**Phoebe:** *(looks at the paper)* Are these for rent! I thought people were just [[Friends-词汇总表#brag\|bragging]]!

**Gary:** Let me tell you what I think might be going on. *(Phoebe looks down in shame.)* No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me. *(Points to his eyes and she does so)* Okay, I think somebody asked someone to move in with them. And I think someone said, "Yes" but now she's having [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubts]] because things are moving to fast for someone. Does that sound at all possible to you?

**Phoebe:** Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubts]]! *(Pause)* I'm sorry! *(Puts her head down.)*

**Gary:** Phoebe…

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Gary:** Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't know about each other, and I just figure that everything I really like. And the things I don't know, I get to learn about at [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] with both our names on the [[Friends-词汇总表#mailbox\|mailbox]].

**Phoebe:** That's so sweet.

**Gary:** Sweethart, but none of that matters if it's too soon for you. It's fine! We don't have to move in together. I just—I want you to be happy

**Phoebe:** Living with you would make me happy.

**Gary:** Phoebe, you don't have to say that.

**Phoebe:** No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!

**Gary:** Are you sure?

**Phoebe:** Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in!

*(Hugs him.)*

**Gary:** Oh that's great!

**Phoebe:** Oh wait, one sec. One sec. *(Goes to the mirror)* Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms, *(sees the look on his face)* which was never!


> [!scene] Scene: The street outside Central Perk, Rachel is trying to sell the cat.

**Rachel:** Show cat! Quality show cat! Show cat! *(A woman approaches.)* Woman No. 1: *(looks into the box)* Oh my God! What's wrong with your baby?!

**Rachel:** It's not a baby! It's a cat! Woman No. 1: Eew! It's [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] looking!

**Rachel:** Oh no! No! It's actually—it's very sweet. It's very sweet. Look!

*(Goes to pet it and it hisses at her.) Yeah, do you want it? Woman No. 1: (laughs) No, I hate cats.*

**Rachel:** Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on!

*(Another woman approaches.) Woman No. 2: Wow! What an unusual cat!*

**Rachel:** Yes! Thank you! Exactly! You want it? Woman No. 2: Maybe. I was thinking about getting a cat, I was just going to go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#shelter\|shelter]] *(Good for her)* but… Okay, why not?

**Rachel:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]]! That'll be $2,000. Woman No. 2: What?!

**Rachel:** Okay, a [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]]. Woman No. 2: I thought you wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#adopt\|adopt]] your cat.

**Rachel:** Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat. Woman No. 2: Okay, yeah, I just wanted a cat. *(Starts to leave.)*

**Rachel:** *(makes some unintelligible sound to stop her from leaving)* Obviously you know how to [[Friends-词汇总表#haggle\|haggle]], so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cops]] because you're [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|robbing]] me [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]]! Blind! *(Covers her eyes)* Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! *(Uncovers her eyes and sees that the woman has fled)* Damnit! *(To the cat)* Cat, can't you at least [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] or something?! *(The cat hisses at her again, it sounds like Rachel)* Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey, Ross, Monica, and now Chandler are still playing catch. The guys are exhausted and sitting around the room. Monica is still standing all pumped up and being hyper-competitive yet again. {Okay! We get it! She's competitive!! Must we see all the time?!}

**Ross:** I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#starve\|starving]]!

**Monica:** Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|gut]]-check time!

**Joey:** I don't know who made you the [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]]? All right? We *(Ross and him)* [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invented]] this game!

**Monica:** Please! I made this game what it is.

**Chandler:** Not fun anymore?

**Ross:** I'm still [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]]!

**Monica:** All right, there's some [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?

**Ross:** I am!

**Monica:** All right! Let's go! *(Runs to the door.)* Let's go Team Monica! *(The guys all stop and stare at her)* All right, we can work out the name later.


> [!scene] Cut to her apartment where Rachel is sitting at the table.

**Monica:** Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowls]]!

**Rachel:** It's not! I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#defrost\|defrosting]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]]. *(Pause)* Oh, I uh sold Mrs. Whiskerson.

**Ross:** Oh, thank God!

**Joey:** Did you get your money back?

**Rachel:** Yeah, 15 hundred dollars.

**Monica:** Wow! You made a profit!

**Gunther:** *(entering with the cat)* I just came for the red-[[Friends-词汇总表#velvet\|velvet]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]].

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, there you go. *(Hands over the pillow.)*

**Gunther:** Thanks Rachel. And-and don't forget you-you can come visit her [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] you want.

**Rachel:** Oh good, great! I'll-I'll keep that in mind. *(Turns and walks away.)*

**Gunther:** *(To Ross)* Hey! So what is this? Some kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#snake\|snake]] or something?


> [!scene] Scene: Gary and Phoebe's apartment, it's morning and they're both waking up in bed.

**Gary:** I really like waking up with you.

**Phoebe:** I like waking up with you too. *(Looks out the window)* Oh! It's such a beautiful morning. *(Some birds are singing outside the window)* Oh, I can stay here all day.

**Gary:** That would be great!

**Phoebe:** We could have breakfast in bed…

**Gary:** Wait, just a second.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(He grabs his gun and shoots the bird.)* Oh! Oh no.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Hyper-competitive Monica, Rachel, Chandler, Joey, and Ross are still playing catch. Monica is finally tiring while the rest of them are totally exhausted and virtually asleep.

**Monica:** All right! Come on Monica! Look [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]! Come on, look alive!

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Oh good, you're all up.

**Rachel:** Phoebe! It's 6 o'clock in the morning! Why aren't you at Gary's?

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah, that's over.

**All:** What?!

**Chandler:** Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!

**Phoebe:** He [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]]!

**Chandler:** Oh that is over!

**All:** That's terrible! I'm sorry!

**Rachel:** Phoebe, are you okay?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Yeah, I'll be alright.

**Joey:** Oh hey, here Pheebs. *(He throws her the ball.)*

**Phoebe:** *(catches it)* Nah, I don't feel like playing. *(She sets the ball down on the table and everyone gasps.)*

**Monica:** It's okay. It's okay. Just [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official [[Friends-词汇总表#ballplayer\|ballplayer]]! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!

**All:** All right. Okay. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#starve\|starving]]! *(They all get up, thus officially ending the game.)*

**Rachel:** Phoebe, honey, wanna get some breakfast?

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Monica:** Okay! Okay, let's race! First one there wins! Ha-ha! *(Runs out the door and everyone watches her leave.)*

*(Pause)*

**Chandler:** You guys wanna eat here?

**All:** Yeah! As long as we're here! Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.

**Joey:** Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?

**Rachel:** Yeah, it is amazing it lasted that long.

**Ross:** I know. My [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] is killing me.

**Rachel:** No, I meant with the [[Friends-词汇总表#dropper\|dropper]] over here. *(Points at Chandler.)*

**Chandler:** Y'know, how did I get this [[Friends-词汇总表#reputation\|reputation]] as a [[Friends-词汇总表#dropper\|dropper]]? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper. *(We see various scenes of him dropping a football, a mug of coffee, the phone, an apple, a Frisbee, a record, and the final scene has a ball bouncing off of his chest. I'm not going to describe them, you'll have to see them.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 5 | 113 | 86 | *I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 4 | 156 | 115 | *Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 4 | 253 | 119 | *All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 3 | 115 | 81 | *I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 3 | 73 | 55 | *Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a…man!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 3 | 228 | 137 | *Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a…man!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell is that?!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, the ball thing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 2 | 68 | 52 | *Listen Chandler, the way I see it is that I was lucky enough to find someone that I really love. I j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 2 | 118 | 89 | *Monica, whatever you do, do not drop that ball!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *You have scratches all over you, what happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 2 | 59 | 50 | *I really like waking up with you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Yeah, see, I can't pull of baby-doll can I?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Hiya doin' pumpkin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Okay. Bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal!  Yeah, my pants are a little loose!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Hey ladies! What are you in here for?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just—I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *It's throwing and catching!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and prob* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and prob* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Take a seat. You okay? You feeling all right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Yes! Thank you! Exactly! You want it? Woman No. 2: Maybe. I was thinking about getting a cat, I was * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Not fun anymore?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Yeah, 15 hundred dollars.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *That's terrible! I'm sorry!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Yeah, it is amazing it lasted that long.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *I know. My arm is killing me.* |

### 常用词（53）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 6 | 34 | 19 | *A thousand bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 3 | 18 | 14 | *Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a…man!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 2 | 62 | 47 | *I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 2 | 68 | 39 | *All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the * |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 2 | 71 | 46 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 2 | 60 | 48 | *Oh, wow! Congratulations, that's quite a waste of time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] | /skrætʃ/ | n. 抓痕, 搔, 抓, 擦伤, 刮擦声, 乱写, 零分, 起跑线 | n. a competitor who has withdrawn from competition | 2 | 16 | 14 | *You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 2 | 64 | 45 | *'Cause uh, this is today's Post  and uh, these are the listings I found.  Brooklyn Heights, two bedr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] | /daut/ | n. 怀疑, 疑惑 | n. the state of being unsure of something | 2 | 17 | 14 | *Let me tell you what I think might be going on.  No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me.  Oka* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 2 | 28 | 21 | *Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 2 | 38 | 30 | *All right! Come on Monica! Look alive! Come on, look alive!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]] | /'insidәnt/ | n. 事件, 事变, 小事 | n. a single distinct event | 1 | 11 | 10 | *No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 1 | 35 | 21 | *No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lo* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal!  Yeah, my pants are a little loose!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] | /lu:s/ | n. 发射, 放任, 放纵 | a. not compact or dense in structure or arrangement | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal!  Yeah, my pants are a little loose!* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo! I wish! Okay, you ready? Joey and Ross: Yeah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *A thousand bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] | /læp/ | n. 膝盖, 舔, 一圈, 下摆, 衣兜, 山坳 | n. the upper side of the thighs of a seated person | 1 | 14 | 10 | *All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] | /dræg/ | n. 拖, 拖累 | n. the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid | 1 | 17 | 12 | *All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | adv. 往前, 以后, 向外 | n. a river in southern Scotland that flows eastward to the Firth of Forth | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discover]] | /dis'kʌvә/ | vt. 发现, 找到, 暴露 | v. make a discovery, make a new finding | 1 | 10 | 10 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] | /'kwaiәt/ | n. 安静, 闲适, 平静 | a. characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity | 1 | 19 | 16 | *Maybe this should be more of a quiet game. {Oh, all right!  Geez, I can't have any fun!}* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just—I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] | /beik/ | vt. 烘焙, 烤 | v. cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Baking it didn't help, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] | /split/ | n. 劈开, 裂片, 裂缝, 分裂, 派系, 派别, 柳条 | n. extending the legs at right angles to the trunk (one in front and the other i | 1 | 26 | 21 | *No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] | /'ʌvәn/ | n. 烤箱, 灶, 子宫 | n. kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting | 1 | 23 | 16 | *Oh, I'm sorry, the oven mitts really freaked me out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] | /'kri:pi/ | a. 爬行的, 令人毛骨悚然的 | s. annoying and unpleasant | 1 | 17 | 15 | *It's not a baby! It's a cat! Woman No. 1: Eew! It's creepy looking!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] | /tә'rifik/ | a. 非常好的, 极端的, 可怕的 | s. very great or intense | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Oh, terrific! That'll be $2,000. Woman No. 2: What?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] | /kɒp/ | n. 警官 | n uncomplimentary terms for a policeman | 1 | 20 | 13 | *Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't ca* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *I don't know who made you the boss? All right? We  invented this game!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invent]] | /in'vent/ | vt. 发明, 创作, 虚构 | v. come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a menta | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I don't know who made you the boss? All right? We  invented this game!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *I'm still hungry!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *It's not! I'm defrosting a chicken.  Oh, I uh sold Mrs. Whiskerson.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *I just came for the red-velvet pillow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] | /'enitaim/ | adv. 任何时候；无例外地 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Thanks Rachel. And-and don't forget you-you can come visit her anytime you want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *He shot a bird!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *I know. My arm is killing me.* |

### 低频词（58）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gary\|gary]] | /'^eәri/ | n. 盖理 | n. a city in northwest Indiana on Lake Michigan; steel production | 6 | 24 | 8 | *Gary's gonna ask you to move in with him!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brooklyn\|brooklyn]] | /'bruklin/ | n. 布鲁克林区(纽约行政区) | n. a borough of New York City | 6 | 13 | 6 | *Hey, honey! Okay, so did you find any apartments? Anything in Brooklyn Heights?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#height\|height]] | /hait/ | n. 高度, 海拔, 高地, 顶点 | n. the vertical dimension of extension; distance from the base of something to t | 6 | 11 | 6 | *Hey, honey! Okay, so did you find any apartments? Anything in Brooklyn Heights?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dropper\|dropper]] | /'drɒpә/ | n. 滴管, 落下的人(或物) | n. pipet consisting of a small tube with a vacuum bulb at one end for drawing li | 5 | 5 | 1 | *He's a dropper!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shelter\|shelter]] | /'ʃeltә/ | n. 庇护所, 避难所, 庇护, 隐蔽处, 掩蔽 | n. a structure that provides privacy and protection from danger | 4 | 5 | 2 | *Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#staten\|staten]] |  | n. 斯塔恩（岛） |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Hey Ross, is uh, is Staten Island really an island?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leash\|leash]] | /li:ʃ/ | n. (拴狗颈的)皮带 | n. restraint consisting of a rope (or light chain) used to restrain an animal | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remain\|remain]] | /ri'mein/ | vi. 保持, 逗留, 剩余 | v. be left; of persons, questions, problems, results, evidence, etc. | 2 | 5 | 4 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mesozoic\|mesozoic]] | /.mesәu'zәuik/ | n. 中生代 | n. from 230 million to 63 million years ago | 2 | 7 | 2 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleozoic\|paleozoic]] | /.pæliәu'zәuik/ | a. 古生代的 | n. from 544 million to about 230 million years ago | 2 | 2 | 1 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stamp\|stamp]] | /stæmp/ | n. 印, 邮票, 打印器, 戳子, 图章, 印花税票, 标志, 特征, 类型, 跺脚 | n. a type or class | 2 | 7 | 5 | *I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and prob* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#starve\|starve]] | /stɑ:v/ | v. (使)饿死, (使)挨饿 | v. be hungry; go without food | 2 | 9 | 8 | *I'm starving!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hiya\|hiya]] | /'haijә/ | int. 你好! |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hiya doin' pumpkin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] | /'pʌmpkin/ | n. 南瓜 | n. a coarse vine widely cultivated for its large pulpy round orange fruit with f | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Hiya doin' pumpkin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resist\|resist]] | /ri'zist/ | v. 抵抗, 耐得住, 抵制, 反抗 | v. stand up or offer resistance to somebody or something | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrify\|terrify]] | /'terifai/ | vt. 使恐惧, 恐吓 | v. fill with terror; frighten greatly | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Still terrified, I'll take care of it. No problem.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jinx\|jinx]] | /dʒiŋks/ | n. 不祥物, 厄运 | v. foredoom to failure | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shawn\|shawn]] | /ʃɔ:n/ | n. 肖恩（男子、女子名） | n. United States dancer and choreographer who collaborated with Ruth Saint Denis | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You bought Shawn Cassidy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cassidy\|cassidy]] |  | n. 卡西迪（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You bought Shawn Cassidy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purebred\|purebred]] | /'pjuәbred/ | a. 纯种的 | a. bred for many generations from member of a recognized breed or strain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sphinx\|sphinx]] | /sfiŋks/ | n. 史芬克斯(希腊神话人物), 人面狮身像, 天蛾 | n. an inscrutable person who keeps his thoughts and intentions secret | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extravagant\|extravagant]] | /ik'strævgәnt/ | a. 奢侈的, 挥霍无度的, 浪费的 | s. recklessly wasteful | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, it was a little extravagant, but I a pretty good deal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetest\|sweetest]] |  | a. 最甜蜜的 | a having or denoting the characteristic taste of sugar | 1 | 8 | 7 | *All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purr\|purr]] | /pә:/ | v. 呼噜呼噜叫, 发出喉音 | n. a low vibrating sound typical of a contented cat | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoestring\|shoestring]] | /'ʃu:striŋ/ | n. 鞋带, 小额资本 | n. a small amount of money | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regularly\|regularly]] | /'regjulәli/ | adv. 有规则地, 一丝不苟地, 正式地 | r. in a regular manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#litter\|litter]] | /'litә/ | n. 垃圾, 杂乱, 轿, 担架 | n. the offspring at one birth of a multiparous mammal | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fluffy\|fluffy]] | /'flʌfi/ | a. 毛绒绒的, 蓬松的, 空洞的, 无内容的, 不明确的 | s like down or as soft as down | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mastodon\|mastodon]] | /'mæstәdɒn/ | n. 乳齿象 | n. extinct elephant-like mammal that flourished worldwide from Miocene through P | 1 | 3 | 3 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amphibian\|amphibian]] | /æm'fibiәn/ | a. 两栖类的, 水陆两用的 | n. a flat-bottomed motor vehicle that can travel on land or water | 1 | 2 | 2 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jaw\|jaw]] | /dʒɒ:/ | n. 颚, 颌 | n. the part of the skull of a vertebrate that frames the mouth and holds the tee | 1 | 5 | 5 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writer]] | /'raitә/ | n. 作家, 撰稿者, 抄写员 | n. writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay) | 1 | 12 | 9 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delude\|delude]] | /di'lu:d/ | vt. 迷惑, 蛊惑 | v be false to; be dishonest with | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spellchecker\|spellchecker]] | /ˈspeltʃekə(r)/ | n. （计算机的）拼写检查程序 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attempt\|attempt]] | /ә'tempt/ | n. 尝试, 企图 | n. earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something | 1 | 2 | 2 | *…now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geez\|geez]] | /ɡi:'ez/ | vt. 注射麻醉品 | n. The original native name for the ancient Ethiopic language or | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Maybe this should be more of a quiet game. {Oh, all right!  Geez, I can't have any fun!}* |
| droppin |  | [网络] 落针；停经片；探纱 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Check it out! Almost 3 hours without droppin' it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hiss\|hiss]] | /his/ | n. 嘘声, 嘶嘶声 | n. a fricative sound (especially as an expression of disapproval) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#useless\|useless]] | /'ju:slis/ | a. 无用的, 无效的, 无益的 | a. having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully | 1 | 6 | 5 | *You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gar\|gar]] | /^ɑ:i/ | 机载导弹 | n. primitive predaceous North American fish covered with hard scales and having  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey Gar!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backwards\|backwards]] | /'bækwәdz/ | adv. 向后 | r at or to or toward the back or rear | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Because if you're not moving forward, y'know you're just moving backwards.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minion\|minion]] | /'minjәn/ | n. 奴才, 宠臣 | n. a servile or fawning dependant | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compromise\|compromise]] | /'kɒmprәmaiz/ | n. 妥协, 折中, 折中方案, 和解 | n. a middle way between two extremes | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overreact\|overreact]] | /,әuvәri'ækt/ | vi. 反应过度, 反作用过强 | v. show an exaggerated response to something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, you almost overreacted to something. Phoebe and Gary:  Hey!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congrats\|congrats]] | /kәn'græts/ | interj. 祝贺词, 祝贺语 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Congratulations! Congrats!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eventually\|eventually]] | /i'ventʃuәli/ | adv. 最后, 终于 | r after an unspecified period of time or an especially long delay | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and prob* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mitt\|mitt]] | /mit/ | n. 棒球手套, 拳击手套, 连指手套 | n the (prehensile) extremity of the superior limb | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, I'm sorry, the oven mitts really freaked me out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brag\|brag]] | /bræg/ | n. 吹牛 | n. an instance of boastful talk | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] | /'sʌmpleis/ | adv. 在某处 | r in or at or to some place; (`someplace' is used informally for `somewhere') | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mailbox\|mailbox]] | /'meilbɒks/ | n. 邮筒, 邮箱 | n. a private box for delivery of mail | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't kn* |
| eew |  | [医][=epoxide equivalent weight]环氧化物当量重量 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's not a baby! It's a cat! Woman No. 1: Eew! It's creepy looking!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adopt\|adopt]] | /ә'dɒpt/ | vt. 采用, 正式通过, 收养, 接受 | v. choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans | 1 | 15 | 7 | *Okay, a thousand. Woman No. 2: I thought you wanted to adopt your cat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haggle\|haggle]] | /hægl/ | vi. 争论, 杀价 | n. an instance of intense argument (as in bargaining) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|rob]] | /rɒb/ | v. 抢夺, 抢掠, 剥夺 | v. take something away by force or without the consent of the owner | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#defrost\|defrost]] | /.di:'frɒst/ | vt. 除霜 | v. make or become free of frost or ice | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's not! I'm defrosting a chicken.  Oh, I uh sold Mrs. Whiskerson.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snake\|snake]] | /sneik/ | n. 蛇, 阴险的人 | n. limbless scaly elongate reptile; some are venomous | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Hey! So what is this? Some kind of snake or something?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ballplayer\|ballplayer]] | /'bɔ:l,pleiә(r)/ | n. 棒球手 | n. an athlete who plays baseball | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reputation\|reputation]] | /.repju'teiʃәn/ | n. 名誉, 名声, 声望 | n. notoriety for some particular characteristic | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Y'know, how did I get this reputation as a dropper? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper.* |
