---
season: 5
episode: "01"
title: "The One After Ross Says Rachel"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E01 — The One After Ross Says Rachel

*Written by: Seth Kurland*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s Wedding, continued from last season, the Minister is about to marry Ross and Emily.

**Minister:** Friends. Family. We are [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gathered]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] here today the [[Friends-词汇总表#joyous\|joyous]] union of Ross and Emily. *(Time lapse)* Now Ross, [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]] after me. I Ross...

**Ross:** I Ross...

**Minister:** Take [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]], Emily...

**Ross:** Take [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]], Rachel...*(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He realizes what he said. Quickly he says.)* Emily. *(A slight chuckle.)* Emily.

**Minister:** *(Looking and feeling awkward. he looks towards Emily.)* Uhh...Shall I go on?

**Rachel:** *(To the woman sitting in front of her)* He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?

**Emily:** Yes, yes, do go on.

**Minister:** I think we’d better start again. Ross, [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]] after me. I, Ross…

**Ross:** I, Ross…

**Minister:** Take [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]], EM-I-LY…

**Ross:** Take [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]], *(Glares at the Minister)* Emily. *(Chuckles)* Like there’d be anybody else. *(Emily is glaring at him.)*

**Minister:** As my [[Friends-词汇总表#lawfully\|lawfully]] wedded wife, in [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] and in health, [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] death parts us.

**Ross:** As my [[Friends-词汇总表#lawfully\|lawfully]] wedded wife, in [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily. *(Points at her.)*

**Minister:** May I have the rings? *(He is given the rings)* Emily, place this ring on Ross’s [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] as a [[Friends-词汇总表#symbol\|symbol]] of your [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] [[Friends-词汇总表#everlasting\|everlasting]]. *(She jams the ring onto his finger)* Ross, place this ring in Emily’s hand as a [[Friends-词汇总表#symbol\|symbol]] of the love that [[Friends-词汇总表#encircle\|encircles]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]].

**Ross:** Happy too.

**Minister:** Ross and Emily have made their [[Friends-词汇总表#declaration\|declarations]] and it gives me great [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#declare\|declare]] them [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] and wife.

**Ross:** Yay!

**Minister:** You may kiss the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]].

*(He goes to kiss her, but she isn’t very receptive of the kiss. She keeps avoiding him, until Ross finally gets to kiss her on her cheek.) Mrs. Geller: (To Mr. Geller) This is worse than when he married the lesbian.*

*(The band starts to play, and the recessional starts. Ross tries to take Emily’s hand, but she snatches it away from him.)*

**Emily:** Just keep [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]].

**Ross:** Okay.

**Joey:** Well, that went well. Yeah.

**Chandler:** It could’ve been worse, he could’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] her.

*(Ross and Emily make it to the lobby.)*

**Ross:** *(laughs)* That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn’t it?

*(Emily gives him a forearm shot across the stomach.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Wedding reception, Ross and Emily are in the bathroom and Emily is yelling at him. Rachel, Chandler, Joey, and Monica are standing outside the doorway.

**Emily:** *(Yelling from inside the bathroom)* You’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoiled]] everything! It’s like a [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]]! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!

**Joey:** *(To the gang)* Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] right?

**Ross:** *(exiting the bathroom)* That-that-that’s all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I’ll be right out here. *(She slams the door in his face, to the gang)* She’s just fixing her [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]].

**Emily:** I hate you!!

**Ross:** And, I love you!! *(He walks into the living room)* Mr. Geller: Boy, bad time to say the wrong name, huh Ross?

**Ross:** That’s true, thanks dad. *(To All)* People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!! *(He starts to dance but stops when no one else joins him.)*

*(Mrs. Waltham’s phone rings and she answers it.) Mrs. Waltham: Yes, Waltham interiors.*

**Phoebe:** *(On the phone, in New York)* Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller’s personal [[Friends-词汇总表#physician\|physician]], Dr. Philange. Mrs. Waltham: Who?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discovered]] that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women’s names are [[Friends-词汇总表#interchangeable\|interchangeable]], through-through no [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] of his own. Mrs. Waltham: Oh my God, Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too!

*(Mrs. Waltham hangs up on her.)*

**Phoebe:** Hello?

*(Cut to Chandler and Monica at the buffet table.)*

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Oh wow, I hope you don’t take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I’m just kinda worried about what it might do to our [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]].

**Monica:** I know. How could we have let this happen?

**Chandler:** Seven times!

**Monica:** Ugh! Well, y’know, we were away…

**Chandler:** In a foreign, [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] country…

**Monica:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] London.

**Chandler:** Bad London! *(Takes a spoon and smacks the turkey.)*

**Monica:** So look umm, while we’re st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?

**Chandler:** Well, I don’t see that we have a choice. But, when we’re back home, we don’t do it.

**Monica:** Only here.

**Chandler:** Y’know, I saw a wine [[Friends-词汇总表#cellar\|cellar]] [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]]…

**Monica:** I’ll meet you there in two minutes.

**Chandler:** Okay!

*(He throws down his plate and runs to the wine cellar, Monica is about to follow him but is intercepted by Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.

**Monica:** *(impatiently)* Now?

**Rachel:** Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] that didn’t happen can I?

**Monica:** Oh, I-I don’t know.

**Rachel:** Monica, what should I do?

**Monica:** Just uh, do the right thing. *(Uses some breath spray)*

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** Toe the line. Thread the [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]]. Think outside the box! *(Tries to leave, but is stopped by Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Whoa, wait, listen, I think I’m just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.

**Monica:** Wait. Rachel, no, he’s married. Married! If you don’t realize that, I can’t help you.

**Rachel:** Okay, you’re right. You’re right. You can’t help me.

*(Cut to Mr. and Mrs. Geller.) Mrs. Geller: Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents? Mr. Waltham: (walking by) Yes. Mr. Geller: Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there’s no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?*

**Joey:** Hey, what’s up? *(He has solved the problem of eating the steak, he’s eating it with his hands.)*

*(Cut to Monica and Chandler, Monica is running up to him.)*

**Monica:** Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine [[Friends-词汇总表#cellar\|cellar]]?

**Chandler:** Forget it, that’s off.

**Monica:** Why?! Mr. Waltham: *(drunkenly)* The next tour of the wine [[Friends-词汇总表#cellar\|cellar]] will plan in two in-in minutes…

*(Joey walks up to them.)*

**Monica:** Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn’t eat [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] until she has the babies!

**Joey:** Well, I figured we’re in another country, so it doesn’t count.

**Monica:** That’s true.

**Chandler:** The man’s got a point.

*(Cut to Rachel and Ross.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, hi!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi. Sorry, things [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t working out so well.

**Ross:** Oh no! It could be better, but it’s gonna be okay, right?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she’s gonna get over this, y’know? I mean, so you said my name! Y’know you just said it ‘cause you saw me there, if you’d have seen a [[Friends-词汇总表#circus\|circus]] freak, you would’ve said, "I take [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]] circus freak." Y’know, it didn’t mean anything, it’s just a [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]. It didn’t mean anything. Right?

**Ross:** No! No! Of course it didn’t mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y’know, because-because it was you…

**Rachel:** Right…

**Ross:** But it absolutely didn’t. *(Yelling towards the bathroom)* It didn’t!! It didn’t!!

**Joey:** *(approaching)* Ross, hey, the band’s ready outside for your first dance with Emily, so…

**Ross:** *(sarcastic)* Oh! Oh-oh, the band’s ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says—I don’t care about the stupid band!!

**Joey:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] on me man! *(Wipes his face.)*

**Ross:** Look, I’m sorry.

**Joey:** Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* Y’know when I [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|locked]] myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.

**Ross:** Oh, right!

**Rachel:** Get the hell out of there, y’know?

*(They all start laughing, and quickly stop when they realize what she just said and run over to the bathroom.)*

**Ross:** *(Bangs on the bathroom door)* Emily? Emily? I’m coming in. *(He opens the door to reveal that the window is gone, along with Emily.)*

**Rachel:** Well, look at that, same thing.


> [!scene] Scene: London Marriott, Monica and Chandler are walking to her room.

**Chandler:** Listen, in the middle of everything if I [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] the word, "Yippee!" just [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] me.

*(She laughs and opens the door to reveal Rachel sitting on the bed.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!

**Chandler:** Oh, hello Rachel.

**Rachel:** Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me! *(They both just stare at her.)* Okay, don’t believe me, I know I’m right—do you guys want to go [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] and get a drink?

**Chandler:** Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.

**Monica:** Yes, I want to change. And why-why don’t you go down and get us a table?

**Chandler:** Yeah, we’ll be down in like five minutes.

**Monica:** *(elbows him)* Fifteen minutes.

**Rachel:** Okay.

*(The phone rings and Rachel answers it.)*

**Rachel:** Hello? Oh, Pheebs! *(To them)* It’s Phoebe!

**Chandler:** Oh, yay…

**Monica:** Great…

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** Hi, so what happened?

**Rachel:** Well, Ross said my name.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I know, but I don’t think that means anything.

**Rachel:** Okay, Pheebs, y’know what, let’s look at this [[Friends-词汇总表#objectively\|objectively]] all right? Ninth grade, right? The [[Friends-词汇总表#obsession\|obsession]] starts. All right? The summer after [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then…

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Hey, listen, why don’t we go change in my room?

**Monica:** But my clothes are—ohh! *(They both leave.)*

*(Cut to Chandler’s room, he opens the door slowly to see if Joey is there and after seeing that he isn’t, ushers Monica into the room, closes the door, and the security bar.)*

**Chandler:** Wow, you look…

**Monica:** No time for that!

*(They both start to frantically rip each other’s clothes off, but are interrupted when Joey tries to open the door.)*

**Joey:** Hey, dude, let me in. I got a girl out here!

**Chandler:** Well, I’ve got a girl in here.

**Joey:** No you don’t, I just saw you go in there with Monica!

**Chandler:** Well, we’re-we’re hanging out in here!

**Joey:** Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?

**Chandler:** Well, I suppose I’d have to say you!! But, what if we’re watching a movie in here?

**Monica:** Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It’s My Giant!

**Joey:** My Giant? I love that movie!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Emily’s room, Chandler and Monica are still looking for a place to do the deed.

**Monica:** You really think this is okay?

**Chandler:** Well, Ross and Emily [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t gonna use it.

**Monica:** Oh, it’s so beautiful. Ohh! Y’know, I-I don’t know if I feel right about this.

**Chandler:** Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]] suite. The room expects sex. The room would be [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappointed]] if it didn’t get sex. All of the other honeymoon [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suites]] would think it was a [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]].

**Monica:** Okay!

**Chandler:** Okay!

*(They both run to rip the covers off the bed, but are interrupted by Ross.)*

**Ross:** *(entering)* Emily?!

**Chandler:** Nope, not under here!

**Monica:** You didn’t find her?

**Ross:** No, I’ve looked [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]]!

**Chandler:** Well, you couldn’t have looked [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] or else you would’ve found her!

**Monica:** Yeah, I think you should keep looking!

**Chandler:** Yeah, for about 30 minutes.

**Monica:** Or 45.

**Chandler:** Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]]. *(Monica smiles at that.)*

**Ross:** No! For all I know, she’s trying to find me but couldn’t because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I’m staying in one place. *(He sits down on the bed.)* Right here.

**Monica:** Well, it’s getting late.

**Chandler:** Yeah, we’re gonna go.

**Ross:** Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?

**Monica:** Ugh, y’know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] for New York.

**Chandler:** Yeah, it’s a very large [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]].

**Ross:** *(disappointed)* That’s cool.

**Chandler:** But, we’ll stay here with you.

**Ross:** Thanks guys! *(They both sit down on either side of him.)* I really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] this, y’know, but you don’t have to [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]].

*(Chandler slowly takes his hand away.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Emily’s room, the next morning. Ross is now asleep and has his head in Monica’s lap and his feet on Chandler’s lap. Monica and Chandler are both still awake and depressed.

**Chandler:** We have to leave for New York in an hour.

**Monica:** I know, I’ve been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound [[Friends-词汇总表#proof\|proof]], don’t you think?

**Chandler:** We can’t do that that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]. I mean ‘A’ he could wake up and ‘B’ y’know, let’s go for it.

*(They both try to slowly extricate themselves from Ross, but there’s a knock on the door that awakens him.)*

**Ross:** Em-Emily? *(Looking around for her.)* Em-Emily? *(He runs to the door.)* Emily! *(He opens the door to reveal the Walthams standing outside.)* Mr. Waltham: No. Mrs. Waltham: You can forget about Emily, she’s not with us. Mr. Waltham: We’ve come for her things.

**Ross:** Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She’s in [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hiding]]. She’s [[Friends-词汇总表#utterly\|utterly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliated]]. She doesn’t want to see you ever again. Mrs. Waltham: We’re very sad that it didn’t work out between you and Emily, [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]]. But, I think you’re absolutely [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]]. Mr. Waltham: Excuse me, I’m standing right here! Mrs. Waltham: Oh yes, there you are.

**Rachel:** *(entering, carrying an armful of those little soaps.)* Hey-hey, you guys oh [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] up, get some, there’s a whole cart outside… *(Sees the Walthams and stops.)* Mr. Waltham: Goodbye Geller.

**Ross:** Now, hold on! Hold on! *(Stops him)* Look, look, your [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] and I are supposed to leave tonight for our [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]], now-now you-you tell her that I’m gonna be at that airport and I hope that she’ll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel’s name, but it didn’t mean anything, Okay? She’s-she’s just a friend and that’s all! *(Rachel sits down, depressed.)* That’s all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you’ll tell her that. Mr. Waltham: All right, I’ll tell her. *(To his wife)* Come on [[Friends-词汇总表#bugger\|bugger]] face! Mrs. Waltham: *(As she walks pass Ross, she pats his but.)* Call me. Mr. Waltham: You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don’t you ever go out the [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] window!


> [!scene] Scene: A 747 somewhere over the North Atlantic, Monica and Chandler are sitting in first class, depressed.

**Monica:** Y’know, maybe it’s best that we never got to do it again.

**Chandler:** Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. *(Realizes something)* Y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] we still are over international waters.

**Monica:** I’m gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I’ll see you there in a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]?

**Chandler:** ‘Kay!

*(Monica gets up and heads for the bathroom, Chandler turns to watch her go and is startled to see Joey sitting in Monica’s seat.)*

**Joey:** Can I ask you something?

**Chandler:** Uhh, no.

**Joey:** Felicity and I, we’re watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I’m never gonna be as good an actor as that [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]]." Do you think I’m just wasting my life with this acting thing?

**Chandler:** No.

**Joey:** I mean, the [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] is like five years [[Friends-词汇总表#younger\|younger]] than me, y’know, you think I’ll ever get there?

**Chandler:** Yes.

**Joey:** Thanks man.

**Chandler:** Okay man. *(Chandler starts to get up.)*

**Joey:** But what about how much [[Friends-词汇总表#taller\|taller]] he is than me?

*(Time lapse, Chandler is finishing his third little bottle of booze.)*

**Joey:** I mean, there’s no way I can make myself [[Friends-词汇总表#taller\|taller]] now, y’know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an [[Friends-词汇总表#unsuccessful\|unsuccessful]], regular sized man?

*(Monica returns.)*

**Joey:** Hey, Monica, wow you’ve been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.

**Monica:** I know!

**Joey:** Had the [[Friends-词汇总表#beef\|beef]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tips]], huh?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is eating cereal from a bowl she has balanced on her stomach as Joey, Chandler, and Monica return.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hi!

*(They all hug.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Joey)* You ate [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]]! *(Joey is shocked)* *(To Chandler and Monica)* You had sex! *(They’re shocked.)*

**Chandler:** No we didn’t!

**Phoebe:** I know you didn’t, I was talking about Monica.

**Monica:** Phoebe, I did not have sex.

**Phoebe:** This [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] is throwing me all off.

**Joey:** All right, I’m gonna go say hi the [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] and the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, me too!

**Joey:** Why would you need to say hi to them, you’ve been feeding them for four days?

**Phoebe:** Oh right, maybe I’ll just go home.

*(She grabs her bag and leaves, Joey moves a little quicker to his apartment, leaving Monica and Chandler alone.)*

**Monica:** Well, we [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] are alone.

**Chandler:** Yes! Good thing we have that, ‘Not in New York’ rule.

**Monica:** Right. Umm, listen since we’re-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross’s mother…

**Chandler:** Right.

**Monica:** Well, an-anyway, I just—that night meant a lot to me, I guess I’m just trying to say thanks.

**Chandler:** Oh. Y’know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn’t because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me ‘cause, you’re really hot! Is that okay?

**Monica:** *(laughs)* That’s okay.

**Chandler:** And I’m cute too.

**Monica:** And you’re cute too.

**Chandler:** Thank you! *(They hug.)* All right, I gotta go [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]].

**Monica:** Okay.

**Chandler:** Bye.

*(After he closes the door, Monica starts to follow him, but thinks better of it and stops.)*

**Chandler:** *(entering)* I’m still on London time, does that count?

**Monica:** That counts!

**Chandler:** Oh, good! *(They start kissing.)*


> [!scene] Scene: An airport in London, Ross is waiting for Emily to show up to go on their honeymoon and sees Rachel walking past.

**Ross:** Rach! Rach!

**Rachel:** *(she stops and turns)* Hi!

**Ross:** Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?

**Rachel:** Well, I-I-I’ve been on Standby for a flight home for hours.

**Ross:** Oh.

**Rachel:** Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh?

**Ross:** Not yet.

**Rachel:** So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?

**Gate Agent:** *(On the P.A.)* This is the last call for Flight 1066 to Athens. The last call.

**Ross:** Pretty soon I guess.

**Rachel:** Yeah. I’m sorry.

**Ross:** I just, I don’t understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y’know, what, am I, am I like a complete [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] for thinking that she’d actually show up?

**Rachel:** No, you’re not an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]], Ross. You’re a guy very much in love.

**Ross:** Same difference.

**Gate Agent:** *(On the P.A.)* All ticketed passengers for Flight 1066 to Athens should now be on board.

**Ross:** I get it! Well, that’s that.

**Rachel:** No, you know what, I think you should go.

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it’d be really good.

**Ross:** Oh, I don’t, I don’t, I don’t know…

**Rachel:** Oh, come on Ross! I think it would be really good for you!

**Ross:** I could, yeah, I can do that.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** I can’t, I can’t even believe her! No, y’know what, I am, I am gonna go!

**Rachel:** Good!

**Ross:** I know, why not?

**Rachel:** Right!

**Ross:** Right?

**Rachel:** Right!

**Ross:** Y’know—thanks! *(They hug)*

**Rachel:** Okay, I’ll see you back at home, if I ever get a flight out of here.

**Ross:** Yeah, well…nah.

**Rachel:** What? Wait, what?

**Ross:** Why don’t you come, I mean, I-I have two [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]], why not?

**Rachel:** Well-well, I don’t know Ross—really?

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah, it’ll be great! You can, you can [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] on the beach and I can cry over my [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|failed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]. See-see how I make jokes?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh.

**Ross:** No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.

**Rachel:** Oh wow, uh okay, uh maybe. Umm, yes, I can do that!

**Ross:** Okay!

**Rachel:** Okay!

**Ross:** Cool!

**Rachel:** All right!

**Ross:** Come on! *(They go to the jetway, Ross hands the tickets to the gate agent.)* Here.

**Rachel:** Oh, okay, we’re going. Yeah.

**Ross:** Ah! Ah! I forgot my [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]]!

**Rachel:** Oh, wait-wait-wait…

**Ross:** You tell them to wait!

**Rachel:** Okay. Wait! Wait!

*(Ross retrieves his jacket and sees that not only has Emily arrived, but she as seen Rachel take her place on the plane.)*

**Ross:** Emily.

*(She stares at him and Ross realizes what she’s thinking.)*

**Ross:** Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! *(Emily starts to run out and Ross chases her.)* No! No! Emily! Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Flight 1066 to Athens, Rachel is ordering a drink for Ross and herself.

**Rachel:** Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, *(points to Ross’s seat.)* he will have a white wine [[Friends-词汇总表#spritzer\|spritzer]]. Woo! *(Looks out the window.)* Hey, look at that, the airport’s moving. *(Realizes that that’s not how it works.)* Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]] know that we’re moving? *(Sits back in defeat.)* Oh my God. Oh, my [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]].


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 4 | 133 | 83 | *Y’know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the wi* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 3 | 376 | 86 | *And, I love you!!  Mr. Geller: Boy, bad time to say the wrong name, huh Ross?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 3 | 422 | 131 | *Wait. Rachel, no, he’s married. Married! If you don’t realize that, I can’t help you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh...Shall I go on?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Yeah, I’ve discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the br* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *I know. How could we have let this happen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 2 | 99 | 81 | *Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she’s gonna get over this, y’know? I mean, so you said my name! Y’know y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *But it absolutely didn’t.  It didn’t!! It didn’t!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Well, an-anyway, I just—that night meant a lot to me, I guess I’m just trying to say thanks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *And I’m cute too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *You may kiss the bride.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *It could’ve been worse, he could’ve shot her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *I hate you!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *That’s true, thanks dad.  People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh wow, I hope you don’t take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Wait. Rachel, no, he’s married. Married! If you don’t realize that, I can’t help you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn’t eat meat until she has the babies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn’t eat meat until she has the babies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Oh! Oh-oh, the band’s ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says—I don’t care about the stupid * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Get the hell out of there, y’know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still love* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still love* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Okay, Pheebs, y’know what, let’s look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsessi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *But my clothes are—ohh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Well, we’re-we’re hanging out in here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Ugh, y’know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *We can’t do that that’s insane. I mean ‘A’ he could wake up and ‘B’ y’know, let’s go for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She’s in hiding. She’s utterly humiliated. She doesn’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She’s in hiding. She’s utterly humiliated. She doesn’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Now, hold on! Hold on!  Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeym* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Felicity and I, we’re watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I’m never gonna be as good an actor as* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *This pregnancy is throwing me all off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Yeah, yeah, it’ll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Yeah, yeah, it’ll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage.* |

### 常用词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] | /'dʒaiәnt/ | n. 巨人, 大力士, 巨大怪物 | n. any creature of exceptional size | 5 | 36 | 27 | *Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It’s My Giant!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]] | /'hʌnimu:n/ | n. 蜜月, 蜜月假期 | n. a holiday taken by a newly married couple | 3 | 32 | 14 | *Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disapp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]] | /ri'pi:t/ | n. 重复, 反复 | n. an event that repeats | 2 | 17 | 10 | *Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily.  Now Ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] | /'siknis/ | n. 疾病, 不健康, 呕吐 | n. defectiveness or unsoundness | 2 | 17 | 11 | *As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 2 | 39 | 25 | *Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn’t eat meat until she has the babies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *Hi. Sorry, things aren’t working out so well.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 2 | 25 | 21 | *No, I’ve looked everywhere!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 2 | 67 | 27 | *Ugh, y’know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 2 | 61 | 44 | *I just, I don’t understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y’know, what, am I, am I like a complet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gather]] | /'gæðә/ | n. 集合, 聚集 | n. sewing consisting of small folds or puckers made by pulling tight a thread in | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily.  Now Ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily.  Now Ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] | /til/ | prep. 直到, 在...以前, 迄 | n. unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay and grave | 1 | 17 | 15 | *As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *May I have the rings?  Emily, place this ring on Ross’s finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *May I have the rings?  Emily, place this ring on Ross’s finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *May I have the rings?  Emily, place this ring on Ross’s finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband a* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] | /braid/ | n. 新娘 | n. a woman who has recently been married | 1 | 33 | 18 | *You may kiss the bride.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Just keep smiling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]] | /spɒil/ | n. 战利品, 赃物, 奖品, 变质, 次品 | n. (usually plural) valuables taken by violence (especially in war) | 1 | 18 | 15 | *You’ve spoiled everything! It’s like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I fac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]] | /'naitmєә/ | n. 梦魇, 恶梦, 可怕的事物(或情景、人物) | n. a situation resembling a terrifying dream | 1 | 11 | 11 | *You’ve spoiled everything! It’s like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I fac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 1 | 67 | 29 | *Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discover]] | /dis'kʌvә/ | vt. 发现, 找到, 暴露 | v. make a discovery, make a new finding | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Yeah, I’ve discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the br* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *Yeah, I’ve discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the br* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Oh wow, I hope you don’t take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *In a foreign, romantic country…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *I blame London.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can’t pretend that didn’t happen can I?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] | /tәu/ | n. 足趾, 趾部, 脚趾 | n. one of the digits of the foot | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she’s gonna get over this, y’know? I mean, so you said my name! Y’know y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] | /spit/ | n. 唾液, 唾吐, 小雨, 炙叉, 一铲的深度 | n. a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea | 1 | 26 | 22 | *You spit on me man!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Y’know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] | /ig'nɒ:/ | vt. 不理睬, 忽视, 驳回, 忽略 | v. refuse to acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Y’know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifteen\|fifteen]] | /'fif'ti:n/ | num. 十五, 十五个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of fourteen and one | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Fifteen minutes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappoint]] | /.disә'pɒint/ | vt. 使失望 | v. fail to meet the hopes or expectations of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disapp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 1 | 32 | 24 | *Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disapp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Thanks guys!  I really appreciate this, y’know, but you don’t have to rub my butt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Thanks guys!  I really appreciate this, y’know, but you don’t have to rub my butt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *Thanks guys!  I really appreciate this, y’know, but you don’t have to rub my butt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *We can’t do that that’s insane. I mean ‘A’ he could wake up and ‘B’ y’know, let’s go for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She’s in hiding. She’s utterly humiliated. She doesn’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliate]] | /hju:'milieit/ | vt. 使丢脸, 使蒙羞, 屈辱 | v. cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She’s in hiding. She’s utterly humiliated. She doesn’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] | /'mʌŋki/ | n. 猴子, 猿, 打桩锤 | n. any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians) | 1 | 86 | 23 | *Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She’s in hiding. She’s utterly humiliated. She doesn’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] | /di'liʃәs/ | a. 美味的 | n. variety of sweet eating apples | 1 | 26 | 18 | *Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She’s in hiding. She’s utterly humiliated. She doesn’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there’s a whole cart outside…  Mr. Waltham: Goodbye Geller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there’s a whole cart outside…  Mr. Waltham: Goodbye Geller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 1 | 57 | 29 | *Now, hold on! Hold on!  Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeym* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Now, hold on! Hold on!  Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeym* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special.  Y’know, technically we still are over internation* |
| kay | /kei/ | n. 字母K, K字形物 |  | 1 | 17 | 13 | *‘Kay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#younger\|younger]] | /'jʌŋgә/ | n. 年纪较小者 | s. used of the younger of two persons of the same name especially used to distin | 1 | 16 | 14 | *I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y’know, you think I’ll ever get there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] | /'preɡnәnsi/ | n. 怀孕；丰富, 多产；意义深长 | n. the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman | 1 | 19 | 14 | *This pregnancy is throwing me all off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 1 | 40 | 22 | *All right, I’m gonna go say hi the chick and the duck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 1 | 63 | 32 | *All right, I’m gonna go say hi the chick and the duck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *Well, we certainly are alone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Yeah, yeah, it’ll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|fail]] | /feil/ | vi. 失败, 缺乏, 中断, 衰退, 失灵 | v. fail to do something; leave something undone | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Yeah, yeah, it’ll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *Yeah, yeah, it’ll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Ah! Ah! I forgot my jacket!* |
| woo | /wu:/ | vt. 追求, 向...求爱, 恳求 | v. seek someone's favor | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh,  he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo!  Hey, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]] | /'kæptin/ | n. 船长, 指挥官, 海军上校, 首领 | n. an officer holding a rank below a major but above a lieutenant | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh,  he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo!  Hey, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh,  he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo!  Hey, * |

### 低频词（30）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| waltham | /'wɔ:lθәm/ | n. 沃尔瑟姆（英国一城市） |  | 14 | 90 | 6 | *Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller’s personal physician, Dr. Philange. Mrs. Waltham: Who?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thee\|thee]] | /ði:/ | pron. 你 | a. To thrive; to prosper. | 5 | 16 | 3 | *Take thee, Emily...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cellar\|cellar]] | /'selә/ | n. 地窖, 地下室, 藏酒 | n. storage space where wines are stored | 3 | 9 | 4 | *Y’know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawfully\|lawfully]] |  | adv. 守法地；合法地 | r in a manner acceptable to common custom | 2 | 8 | 3 | *As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#symbol\|symbol]] | /'simbl/ | n. 符号, 象征, 代号, 信条 | n. an arbitrary sign (written or printed) that has acquired a conventional signi | 2 | 6 | 4 | *May I have the rings?  Emily, place this ring on Ross’s finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circus\|circus]] | /'sә:kәs/ | n. 马戏团, 马戏, 竞技场 | n. a travelling company of entertainers; including trained animals | 2 | 8 | 5 | *Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she’s gonna get over this, y’know? I mean, so you said my name! Y’know y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] | /nainθ/ | num. 第九, 九分之一 | n. position nine in a countable series of things | 2 | 10 | 8 | *Okay, Pheebs, y’know what, let’s look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsessi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsession\|obsession]] | /әb'seʃәn/ | n. 困扰, 困扰人的情绪 | n. an unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with something or someone | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Okay, Pheebs, y’know what, let’s look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsessi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taller\|taller]] | /'tɔ:lə(r)/ | a. 高的( tall的比较级 ) | a. great in vertical dimension; high in stature | 2 | 6 | 4 | *But what about how much taller he is than me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joyous\|joyous]] | /'dʒɒiәs/ | a. 快乐的, 高兴的 | a. full of or characterized by joy | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily.  Now Ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everlasting\|everlasting]] | /.evә'læstiŋ/ | a. 永恒的, 持久的 | n. any of various plants of various genera of the family Compositae having flowe | 1 | 2 | 2 | *May I have the rings?  Emily, place this ring on Ross’s finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#encircle\|encircle]] | /in'sә:kl/ | vt. 环绕, 围绕, 包围 | v. form a circle around | 1 | 2 | 2 | *May I have the rings?  Emily, place this ring on Ross’s finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#declaration\|declaration]] | /.deklә'reiʃәn/ | n. 宣告, 说明, 宣布 | n. a statement that is emphatic and explicit (spoken or written) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#declare\|declare]] | /di'klєә/ | v. 宣布, 声明, 申报, 断言 | v. state emphatically and authoritatively | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]] | /'meikʌp/ | n. 组成, 性格, 化妆品, 化装(术), 虚构, 补考 | n. cosmetics applied to the face to improve or change your appearance | 1 | 14 | 9 | *That-that-that’s all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I’ll be right out here.  She’s jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#physician\|physician]] | /fi'ziʃәn/ | n. 医师, 内科医师, 解除痛苦者 | n a licensed medical practitioner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller’s personal physician, Dr. Philange. Mrs. Waltham: Who?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interchangeable\|interchangeable]] | /.intә'tʃeindʒәbl/ | a. 可互换的 | s. (mathematics, logic) such that the arguments or roles can be interchanged | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, I’ve discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the br* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#needle\|needle]] | /'ni:dl/ | n. 针, 尖 | n. a slender pointer for indicating the reading on the scale of a measuring inst | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yippee\|yippee]] | /'jipi/ | interj. (表示开心、快乐)咦吡, 好啊 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#objectively\|objectively]] | /әb'dʒektivli,ɔb-/ | adv. 客观地 | r. with objectivity | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, Pheebs, y’know what, let’s look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsessi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proof\|proof]] | /pru:f/ | n. 证据, 证明, 试验, 检验, 考验 | n. any factual evidence that helps to establish the truth of something | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I know, I’ve been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don’t you think?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#utterly\|utterly]] | /'ʌtәli/ | adv. 完全地, 全然, 绝对 | r completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She’s in hiding. She’s utterly humiliated. She doesn’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bugger\|bugger]] | /'bʌ^ә/ | n. 老兄, 家伙, 困扰, 烦恼, 鸡奸者 | n someone who engages in anal copulation (especially a male who engages in anal  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Now, hold on! Hold on!  Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeym* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] | /'blʌdi/ | a. 血腥的, 嗜杀的, 有血的 | v. cover with blood | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Now, hold on! Hold on!  Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeym* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#felicity\|felicity]] | /fә'lisiti/ | n. 快乐, 幸福, 幸运 | n. pleasing and appropriate manner or style (especially manner or style of expre | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Felicity and I, we’re watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I’m never gonna be as good an actor as* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unsuccessful\|unsuccessful]] | /.ʌnsәk'sesful/ | a. 不成功的 | a. not successful; having failed or having an unfavorable outcome | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I mean, there’s no way I can make myself taller now, y’know? And who knows what science will come up* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]] | /.ʌn'pæk/ | vt. 从包裹中取出, 卸下, 打开 | v. remove from its packing | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Thank you!  All right, I gotta go unpack.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#standby\|standby]] | /'stændbai/ | n. 可依靠的人, 被喜爱的食品, 备用品, 准备发报, 准备收报 | n. something that can be relied on when needed | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I-I-I’ve been on Standby for a flight home for hours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#merlot\|merlot]] | /'mɜ:lɒt/ | n. 墨尔乐（法国酿酒用葡萄品种名）； 墨尔乐红葡萄酒 | n. black wine grape originally from the region of Bordeaux | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh,  he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo!  Hey, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spritzer\|spritzer]] | /ˈsprɪtsə(r)/ | n. 汽水, 汽酒 | n. a mixed drink made of wine mixed with a sparkling water | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh,  he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo!  Hey, * |
