---
season: 5
episode: "12"
title: "The One With Chandler's Work Laugh"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E12 — The One With Chandler's Work Laugh

*Written by: Alicia Sky Varinaitis*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is trying to pry more information about Chandler and Monica from Joey who's sitting on the couch and busy downing a pizza.

**Rachel:** Come on Joey!!!

**Joey:** Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.

**Rachel:** I can't believe you would say that!

**Joey:** Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.

**Rachel:** No! I mean come on! This is a huge deal! *(She sits next to him on the couch.)* Fine I want—I need more details, who-who [[Friends-词汇总表#initiate\|initiated]] the first kiss?

**Joey:** *(thinks)* I don't know.

**Rachel:** Is he [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] with her?

**Joey:** I don't know.

**Rachel:** Are they in love?

**Joey:** *(thinks)* I don't know.

**Rachel:** You don't know anything.

**Joey:** Ohh, I know one thing!

**Rachel:** What?

**Joey:** They did it right there on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]].

*(He points to where she's sitting and she jumps up quickly.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there as Ross enters.

**Joey:** Hey Ross!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Ross:** *(disinterested)* Hey-yeah. *(He hurries up to the counter.)* Hey Gunther, can I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#scone\|scone]] please? *(To the gang.)* Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasions]]! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!

**All:** What? Oh!

**Chandler:** Sorry man.

**Gunther:** Here's your [[Friends-词汇总表#scone\|scone]].

**Ross:** Oh, thanks Gunther. *(He takes it, hands the plate it's on to Rachel, sets it down on the table, and proceeds to pound it into oblivion while saying.)* STUPID BRITISH SNACK FOOD!!!!!!!

**Chandler:** Did they [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you that in your [[Friends-词汇总表#anger\|anger]] management class?

**Phoebe:** Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?

**Rachel:** Pheebs, I don’t think anyone's mad about that.

**Phoebe:** Exactly! Because it's in the past!

**Joey:** *(eyeing the flattened scone)* Anybody gonna eat that?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's office, Monica and him are at a party his office is throwing.

**Monica:** Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrating]]?

**Chandler:** Oh, we had a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#liquor\|liquor]] left over from the Christmas party.

**Monica:** I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]].

**Chandler:** I know, I can do this. *(He takes her hand.)*

**Monica:** Ooh, and I can do this. *(She kisses him on the cheek.)*

*(They both stand real close together.)*

**Both:** We can't do that. *(They separate.)*

*(Chandler's boss (Doug) walks up.)*

**Doug:** Hey Bing! *(Slaps him on his ass.)* *(Sees Monica)* Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?

**Chandler:** I asked myself that very question, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]. Uh, *(Points to Monica)* this is Monica. *(Points to his boss.)* This is my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]], Doug. Doug this is Monica.

**Monica:** Hi, nice to meet you!

**Doug:** Hi! And this is my wife Kara.

**Kara:** Nice to meet you Monica. Bing! *(Slaps Chandler on his butt.)*

**Doug:** Say uh, Bing, did you hear about the new law firm we got working for us?

**Chandler:** No, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Doug:** Yeah, Dewey, Cheatum, and Howe.

*(Chandler does a fake laugh.)*

**Doug:** Come on honey, let's go drink our body weight. *(They walk off leaving Chandler and Monica alone.)*

**Monica:** What was that?

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** That [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] you just made?

**Chandler:** Oh, that was my work laugh.

**Monica:** Really? Your work laugh?

**Chandler:** Oh, believe me, to [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]] this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.

**Monica:** All right, check me out.

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(She walks up to where Doug is finishing another joke to another group.)*

**Doug:** …says $30 Father; same as in town.

*(Monica does a fake laugh. For the laughs, you'll have to see the episode. I can't describe them.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica is buying a muffin as Chandler runs in.

**Chandler:** Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bumped]] into each other at that [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] club. *(She glares at him.)* Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a [[Friends-词汇总表#racquet\|racquet]].

**Monica:** Hey, I thought you already had one.

**Chandler:** Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at…[[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] rocks. *(He starts to leave and stops an entering Rachel.)* Hey Rach, do you have a [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] [[Friends-词汇总表#racquet\|racquet]]?

**Rachel:** Oh umm, y'know I [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lent]] it to Joey and I never actually got it back.

**Chandler:** Okay, good luck with that. *(Exits.)*

**Rachel:** *(To Monica)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hi!

**Rachel:** What's up?!

**Monica:** What are you doing here? I thought you had to do [[Friends-词汇总表#inventory\|inventory]] all day.

**Rachel:** Well yeah, I do, but I [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to take a long [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?

**Monica:** Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.

**Rachel:** Oh y'know what, we don’t have to talk about work. We can talk about anything!

**Monica:** Okay. Umm…

**Rachel:** Hey! Y'know what? Let's talk about relationships!

**Monica:** Okay, what's going on with you?

**Rachel:** Nothing! You go!

**Monica:** Well, I-I—there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.

**Rachel:** Wow that's uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#juicy\|juicy]]. Umm, *(checks watch)* y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if—are you sure there's just not anything else?

**Monica:** Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?

**Rachel:** No! *(Gets up to leave.)* *(Under her breath.)* If there was I wouldn't tell you.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Phoebe is settling a dispute between the chick and the duck.

*(The duck quacks.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, then what happened?

*(The duck flaps its wings frantically.)*

**Phoebe:** *(gasps)* Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. *(The chick clucks.)* You'll get your turn!

**Ross:** *(entering from the bathroom)* Hey Pheebs, what's going on?

**Phoebe:** Nothing! *(Picks up and sets the chick down on the floor.)* *(To the chick.)* This is not over!

**Ross:** No! No! No!

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Ross:** I was up all night writing this really [[Friends-词汇总表#nasty\|nasty]] letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in… *(The duck quacks.)* Actually, thanks!

**Joey:** *(entering from his room)* All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?

**Ross:** Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.

**Joey:** Really?

**Ross:** Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.

**Joey:** Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.

**Ross:** That's okay, Joe.

**Joey:** All right, let's go Pheebs.

**Ross:** *(licks the envelope and encounters a foreign substance on the glue.)* Oh God!


> [!scene] Scene: A tennis court somewhere in the city of New York, it's the doubles match-up of a century Chandler and Monica versus Doug and Kara.

**Doug:** Bing!

*(Hits the ball towards Chandler who returns it back to him. He then hits the ball at Monica who slams it and it bounces off Kara's leg.)*

**Kara:** Oww!!

**Monica:** Game!

**Doug:** Well, I gotta tell ya Bing; that partner of yours is a real [[Friends-词汇总表#tiger\|tiger]]. *(To his wife.)* Are you all right sweethart?

**Kara:** *(out of breath and mouths)* I'm not all right.

**Doug:** We're, we're just gonna get a little [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sip]] of water.

*(They both walk off the court.)*

**Monica:** Am I on fire today or what?! Those [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]] are browned, [[Friends-词汇总表#baste\|basted]], and ready to be [[Friends-词汇总表#carve\|carved]]!

**Chandler:** Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.

**Monica:** I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.

**Chandler:** Let them win one.

**Monica:** Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] and she's popping [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pills]].

**Chandler:** You're not even giving them a chance!

**Monica:** They have [[Friends-词汇总表#racquet\|racquets]] don't they?!

**Doug:** Uh Bing, I think we're gonna make this the last game.

**Chandler:** Oh yes, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]! Put me out of my [[Friends-词汇总表#misery\|misery]]. Are you sure you never played pro?

*(Does his work laugh.) (To Monica) Please let them win!*

**Monica:** I'll take it down to 95% but that's the best I can do.

*(She serves to Doug who returns it to Chandler. As it bounces over his head Chandler swings and misses.)*

**Chandler:** Oopsey, missed it!

**Monica:** I got it! *(She hits a forehand smash that bounces right in between Doug and Kara and scores a point.)*

**Doug:** Nice [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]].

*(Chandler glares at her and she shrugs her shoulders. Monica serves again; and Kara returns it.)*

**Monica:** I got it!!

*(Chandler cuts in front of her and hits the ball high and long.)*

**Chandler:** Long! *(Gives Monica the Work Laugh.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Chandler are returning from the game.

**Monica:** I can't believe you let them win!

**Chandler:** Yeah, at least you [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hid]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] well about it. *(Removes a smashed racquet from his bag.)*

**Monica:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#frustrate\|frustrated]].

**Chandler:** It was my [[Friends-词汇总表#racquet\|racquet]].

**Monica:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#frustrate\|frustrated]] with you!

**Chandler:** If we hadn't lost the game they never would've [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invented]] us to dinner tomorrow night.

**Monica:** Y'know what really [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothers]] me? Is—it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] games, the [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" *(Mocks the fake laugh.)* I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.

**Chandler:** Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, the next morning the girls are there with Joey.

**Monica:** I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.

**Joey:** Maybe we should check the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chute\|chute]].

**Rachel:** Ross couldn't fit down the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chute\|chute]].

**Joey:** That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.

*(Ross enters.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** There he is!

**Monica:** Oh my God! *(She goes to hug him, stops short, and hits him on the shoulder.)* Where the hell have you been?!!

**Ross:** Just, y'know out.

**Rachel:** Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!

**Phoebe:** What were you doing?

**Ross:** I uh, went to a bar. And then I just uh, just walked around for a while.

**Rachel:** You walked around all night in the city by yourself?

**Joey:** *(snaps his fingers)* He [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] up! He hooked up with someone.

**Ross:** Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!

**Joey:** He [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] up!! Tell us about her!


> [!scene] Suddenly the door opens and Ross's mystery girl enters. I'll give you a hint to who it is: OH….MY….GAWD!! Uh-huh, it's Janice.

**Janice:** *(entering)* Ross you left you [[Friends-词汇总表#scarf\|scarf]] in…*(sees everyone.)* Hey you guys. *(Does the laugh.)*

*(They all turn and with shocked looks on their faces stare at Ross. Ross is at a loss for words at this moment.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, continued from earlier.

**Janice:** Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woman! I have needs! I can't wait [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]!

**Rachel:** Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.

**Janice:** So I'm asking you please, take a moment before you [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] me.

**Phoebe:** Oh, nobody's [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judging]] you. *(They all turn and look at Ross.)*

**Janice:** Oh! Okay! *(To Ross)* You, Mister Right Place at the Right Time, call me! *(Does her famous, or is that infamous, laugh and exits.)*

*(They all turn and glare at Ross.)*

**Ross:** Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say…

**Phoebe:** You two will have very [[Friends-词汇总表#hairy\|hairy]] children.

**Ross:** Okay, I didn't know you would say that.

**Rachel:** Ross! Janice?!

**Joey:** All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.

**Ross:** Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.

**Phoebe:** So are you actually gonna see her again?

**Joey:** Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!

**Ross:** I am gonna see her again.

**Joey:** Damnit Phoebe!!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is going through her purse as Rachel rushes in.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admitted]] during our entire [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]]! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]]! Okay, you go!

**Monica:** My turn? What-what are you talking about?

**Rachel:** Ugh, Monica, I know about you and Chandler.

**Monica:** What?!

**Rachel:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overheard]] you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]]?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."

**Monica:** Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.

**Rachel:** Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.

**Monica:** Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big…*(Thinks)*…ot.

**Rachel:** What?!

**Monica:** Mr. Bigot. He tells the most [[Friends-词汇总表#racist\|racist]] jokes.

**Rachel:** All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.

**Monica:** Me and Chandler?! *(Does her fake laugh.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Phoebe and Joey are there.

**Joey:** All right, put your 20 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] down. First one to find the [[Friends-词汇总表#tasty\|tasty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] wins. Okay?

**Phoebe:** Uh-hmm.

**Joey:** All right. Let's get the [[Friends-词汇总表#contestant\|contestants]] out of their [[Friends-词汇总表#isolation\|isolation]] [[Friends-词汇总表#booth\|booths]]. *(He removes the waste bucket that's over the duck and the laundry basket that's over the chicken.)* And they're off! *(He puts his foot in front of the chick, stopping it from moving.)*

**Phoebe:** Get your foot off my [[Friends-词汇总表#contestant\|contestant]]! Judge!

**Joey:** Judge rules, no [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]].

**Phoebe:** Ohhh.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey guys!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Joey:** Yeah!

*(Neither of them turns around from watching the chick and the duck look for the tasty treat.)*

**Ross:** Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice!

*(They both turn around.)*

**Joey:** What?!

**Phoebe:** Are you serious?!

**Ross:** Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours. *(Joey has lost interest and is watching the race again.)* It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.

**Phoebe:** You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We…

**Joey:** And the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] gets the Nutter-Butter!

**Phoebe:** *(turning from Ross.)* No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!

**Joey:** Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] call.

**Joey:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: Doug's house, Chandler, Monica, and them are just finishing dinner.

**Doug:** But seriously, I believe that we should all support President Clinton. And her [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] Bill. *(Chandler does the laugh.)*

**Kara:** So how do you kids like your coffee?

**Monica:** Oh, none for me. Thanks.

**Chandler:** Just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]].

**Doug:** Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] in it. That [[Friends-词汇总表#oughta\|oughta]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sweeten\|sweeten]] it up, huh? *(Once again, with the laugh.)*

*(Doug and Kara go get the coffee.)*

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* How does that laugh not give you a [[Friends-词汇总表#headache\|headache]]?

**Chandler:** Oh, you get used to it.

**Monica:** Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.

**Chandler:** So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?

**Monica:** I'd rather hang out with a [[Friends-词汇总表#snivel\|sniveling]] work [[Friends-词汇总表#weasel\|weasel]] guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.

**Chandler:** Oh. *(Does a double take when he realizes what she just said.)*

**Doug:** *(entering)* Uh, I gotta [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's not strong enough to [[Friends-词汇总表#defend\|defend]] itself. *(Chandler does not laugh.)* Did you hear what I said Bing?

**Chandler:** What?

**Doug:** The joke Bing. What's the matter with you?

**Chandler:** Well, I-I just didn't think it was funny [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Doug:** Excuse me?

**Chandler:** Well, I just…

**Monica:** *(interrupting)* Honey, I just don't think that you understood the joke.

**Chandler:** Really?

**Monica:** Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]] [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|tasting]], okay? But-but what Doug was-was [[Friends-词汇总表#imply\|imply]] that it was weak [[Friends-词汇总表#physically\|physically]]. You get it now honey?

**Chandler:** I think I do! *(They all laugh.)* Thank you, Monica.

**Monica:** I thought you could use the help.

**Chandler:** Coffee in a fight! *(Does the laugh again.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is going through the mail as Joey enters.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey Rach! Hey, you mind if I read my [[Friends-词汇总表#comic\|comic]] books in here?

**Rachel:** Sure! Why?

**Joey:** Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]].

**Rachel:** What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and [[Friends-词汇总表#confront\|confront]] them right now!


> [!scene] Cut to Chandler, Joey, and Ross's apartment, Rachel enters and sneaks up to Chandler's bedroom where she overhears Chandler and Monica talking.

**Chandler:** *(from his bedroom)* All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell [[Friends-词汇总表#racist\|racist]] jokes now?!

**Monica:** Sorry! I'm just—I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible [[Friends-词汇总表#liar\|liar]] and I hate having to lie to Rachel!

**Chandler:** But we're not ready to tell yet!

**Monica:** I know! It's just that…ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.

*(Rachel decides not to confront them and starts to walk out, knocking over a lamp in the process.)*

**Monica:** *(entering)* Joey?! Oh my God, Rachel!

**Rachel:** Hey! Hi!

**Monica:** Wh-wh-what are you doing here? (She tries to pull her shirt down to cover the fact that she's wearing men's [[Friends-词汇总表#boxer\|boxers]].]

**Rachel:** Well, I was actually—I-I came over here to-to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]. To umm, look at my books, y'know, see them a little better.

**Monica:** Okay great!

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Monica:** Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!

**Rachel:** Oh! What a great way to [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] some extra pocket money.

**Monica:** Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.

**Rachel:** That's good enough. Right? *(Pause.)* Okay, well umm, I'm gonna go look at my books!

**Monica:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Monica:** I'll get back to my new job.

*(Pause.)*

**Rachel:** 'Kay. *(Pause.)* Congratulations on your new job. *(She goes and hugs Monica and is almost in tears.)*

*(After she exits, Chandler enters.)*

**Chandler:** Man, she is really [[Friends-词汇总表#gullible\|gullible]].

*(Monica motions that it went right over Rachel's head.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Janice are sitting on the couch.

**Gunther:** Here you go. *(Serves them both some coffee.)*

**Ross:** Thanks!

**Janice:** Actually, I should get going.

**Ross:** Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on [[Friends-词汇总表#sabbatical\|sabbatical]] from work, right?

**Janice:** Yes! Yes! You did!

**Ross:** Oh…

**Janice:** What is wrong now?!

**Ross:** This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] falls [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] and then…

**Janice:** I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife gets married so fast! And now the coffee—ahh!! Ross, we need to talk.

**Ross:** Okay. Sometimes I feel…

**Janice:** No-no-no, no. I'm going to talk. I believe that the sun has set on our day in the sun.

**Ross:** Huh?

**Janice:** *(starting to cry)* You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]] I don't think I can take another second of you [[Friends-词汇总表#whine\|whining]]!!

**Ross:** Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too [[Friends-词汇总表#whiney\|whiney]]? *(Janice makes an agreeing sound.)* So you're saying, I've become so [[Friends-词汇总表#whiney\|whiney]] that I [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] you, Janice.

**Janice:** Well yeah!!

**Ross:** OH…MY…GOD!!

**Janice:** Are you gonna be okay?

**Ross:** I am now.

**Janice:** Okay.

*(Joey enters.)*

**Joey:** Umm, hi.

**Janice:** Oh hi! Well, I guess that's two out of three, Joey. *(Laughs and exits.)*

*(Joey looks at Ross with a horrified look on his face.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Chandler is reading a magazine as Ross hands him a beer.

**Ross:** Dude, we got to talk.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Ross:** I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. *(He laughs, his real laugh this time.)* What you're-you're not mad?

**Chandler:** Why would I be mad?

**Ross:** Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.

**Chandler:** *(realizes what Ross just said and the implications to him)* I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.

**Ross:** Okay.

**Chandler:** I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!

**Ross:** All right.

**Chandler:** And, I want you to remember that I gave you [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] *(counts his money)* seven dollars. No strings [[Friends-词汇总表#attach\|attached]]. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down—let's write it down!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（46）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 9 | 155 | 54 | *Hey Bing!   Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 6 | 130 | 71 | *Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 5 | 87 | 69 | *Oh, that was my work laugh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 3 | 101 | 74 | *Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 3 | 134 | 69 | *Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *Hey-yeah.  Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please?  Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 2 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly! Because it's in the past!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Hey Bing!   Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 95 | 64 | *Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 2 | 102 | 59 | *Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *No! I mean come on! This is a huge deal!  Fine I want—I need more details, who-who initiated the fir* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Oh, thanks Gunther.  STUPID BRITISH SNACK FOOD!!!!!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Anybody gonna eat that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Hey Bing!   Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Come on honey, let's go drink our body weight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Okay, good luck with that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'kno* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Well, I-I—there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Okay, then what happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Well, I gotta tell ya Bing; that partner of yours is a real tiger.  Are you all right sweethart?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Y'know what really bothers me? Is—it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the thro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *But seriously, I believe that we should all support President Clinton. And her husband Bill.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Sorry! I'm just—I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Wh-wh-what are you doing here? (She tries to pull her shirt down to cover the fact that she's wearin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Wh-wh-what are you doing here? (She tries to pull her shirt down to cover the fact that she's wearin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Oh hi! Well, I guess that's two out of three, Joey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool * |

### 常用词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 4 | 70 | 43 | *I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh,  this is Monica.  This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 4 | 34 | 26 | *So I'm asking you please, take a moment before you judge me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 3 | 33 | 26 | *He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 2 | 78 | 41 | *I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh,  this is Monica.  This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] | /strip/ | n. 长条, 条状, 带, 脱衣舞 | n. a relatively long narrow piece of something | 2 | 27 | 10 | *And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 2 | 24 | 19 | *Maybe we should check the trash chute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] | /'lɒ:ndri/ | n. 洗衣店, 洗好的衣服, 洗涤 | n. garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering | 2 | 32 | 12 | *I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]] | /'nikneim/ | n. 绰号, 昵称 | n. a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person's given n | 2 | 21 | 15 | *I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] | /fә'giv/ | vt. 原谅, 宽恕, 免除 | v. stop blaming or grant forgiveness | 2 | 33 | 22 | *I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! The* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Is he romantic with her?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *They did it right there on the couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]] | /snæk/ | n. 小吃, 点心, 快餐 | n a light informal meal | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Oh, thanks Gunther.  STUPID BRITISH SNACK FOOD!!!!!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Did they teach you that in your anger management class?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 1 | 40 | 26 | *That noise you just made?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'kno* |
| oww |  | [网络] 哦哇；创业投资公司；冲瓦可维株式会社 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Oww!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] | /breθ/ | n. 呼吸, 气息, 瞬间 | n. the process of taking in and expelling air during breathing | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pill]] | /pil/ | n. 药丸, 弹丸, 屈辱, 胡说 | n. something that resembles a tablet of medicine in shape or size | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invent]] | /in'vent/ | vt. 发明, 创作, 虚构 | v. come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a menta | 1 | 11 | 11 | *If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Y'know what really bothers me? Is—it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the thro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Y'know what really bothers me? Is—it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the thro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Oh! Okay!  You, Mister Right Place at the Right Time, call me!* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit Phoebe!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] | /tʃest/ | n. 胸, 胸部, 衣柜, 箱子 | n. box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 1 | 63 | 32 | *And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Ohh, tough call.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *But seriously, I believe that we should all support President Clinton. And her husband Bill.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Well, I was actually—I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 1 | 23 | 13 | *Well, I was actually—I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] | /ә:n/ | vt. 赚得, 获得, 博得 | v. acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *'Kay.  Congratulations on your new job.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] | /ә'pɑ:t/ | adv. 成零碎, 成距离, 分别地, 分离着 | s. remote and separate physically or socially | 1 | 19 | 15 | *This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]] | /ʌn'fɔ:tjjnәtli/ | adv. 恐怕, 不幸的是 | r. by bad luck | 1 | 14 | 14 | *You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney?  So * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty  seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you * |

### 低频词（62）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| doug |  | n. 道格 |  | 5 | 10 | 4 | *I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh,  this is Monica.  This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Mo* |
| kara | /'kɑ:rә/ | n. 喀拉海（北冰洋边海, 在苏联新地岛和北地群岛之间） |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Hi! And this is my wife Kara.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] | /'tenis/ | n. 网球 | n. a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back and for | 3 | 12 | 8 | *And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#racquet\|racquet]] | /'rækit/ | n. 球拍, 网拍式墙球 | n a sports implement (usually consisting of a handle and an oval frame with a ti | 3 | 3 | 1 | *And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scone\|scone]] | /skәun/ | n. 烤饼 | n. small biscuit (rich with cream and eggs) cut into diamonds or sticks and bake | 2 | 9 | 6 | *Hey-yeah.  Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please?  Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frustrate\|frustrate]] | /'frʌstreit/ | vt. 挫败, 击败, 破坏 | v hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of | 2 | 6 | 5 | *I was frustrated.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chute\|chute]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 瀑布, 斜槽 | n. sloping channel through which things can descend | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Maybe we should check the trash chute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#racist\|racist]] | /'reisist/ | n. 种族主义者 | n. a person with a prejudiced belief that one race is superior to others | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]] | /wi:k/ | a. 不牢固的, 弱的, 虚弱的, 软弱的, 无力的, 无权力的, (论据等)不充分的 | a. wanting in physical strength | 2 | 10 | 8 | *Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whiney\|whiney]] | /'hwaini/ | a. 好发牢骚的, 嘀咕不停的,烦躁的 | s habitually complaining | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney?  So * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#initiate\|initiate]] | /i'niʃieit/ | n. 入会, 开始 | n. someone who has been admitted to membership in a scholarly field | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No! I mean come on! This is a huge deal!  Fine I want—I need more details, who-who initiated the fir* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]] | /ә'keiʒәn/ | n. 场合, 时机, 机会, 诱因, 理由 | n. reason | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Hey-yeah.  Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please?  Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anger\|anger]] | /'æŋgә/ | n. 忿怒 | n. a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed gri | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Did they teach you that in your anger management class?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#louisiana\|louisiana]] | /lu:.i:zi'ænә/ | n. 路易斯安那(美国州名) | n. a state in southern United States on the Gulf of Mexico; one of the Confedera | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liquor\|liquor]] | /'likә/ | n. 酒, 液体, 汁, 溶液 | n. an alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than fermented | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dewey\|dewey]] | /'dju(:)i/ | [计] 杜威 | n. United States librarian who founded the decimal system of classification (185 | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, Dewey, Cheatum, and Howe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#howe\|howe]] | /hau/ | n. 洞；洼地 | n. United States editor (1920-1993) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, Dewey, Cheatum, and Howe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]] | /sә'vaiv/ | vt. 比...活得长, 生存, 生还, 幸免于 | v. continue to live through hardship or adversity | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] | /lend/ | vt. 借, 贷款给, 增添, 提供, 出租 | v. bestow a quality on | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Oh umm, y'know I lent it to Joey and I never actually got it back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inventory\|inventory]] | /'invәntәri/ | n. 详细目录, 存货清单 | n. a detailed list of all the items in stock | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juicy\|juicy]] | /'dʒusi/ | a. 多汁液的, 生动的, 多水分的 | a. full of juice | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Wow that's uh, juicy. Umm,  y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if—* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nasty\|nasty]] | /'nɑ:sti/ | a. 污秽的, 下流的, 险恶的 | a. offensive or even (of persons) malicious | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covere* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hank\|hank]] | /hæŋk/ | n. 一束, 一圈 | n. a coil of rope or wool or yarn | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meg\|meg]] | /me^/ | n. 梅格（女子名, 等于Margaret） | n the number that is represented as a one followed by 6 zeros | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.* |
| ryan | /'raiәn/ | n. 赖安（男子名） |  | 1 | 13 | 2 | *Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiger\|tiger]] | /'taigә/ | n. 老虎, 虎, 凶暴的人 | n. a fierce or audacious person | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well, I gotta tell ya Bing; that partner of yours is a real tiger.  Are you all right sweethart?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sip]] | /sip/ | n. 啜饮, 小口喝, 抿 | n. a small drink | 1 | 6 | 6 | *We're, we're just gonna get a little sip of water.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baste\|baste]] | /beist/ | vt. 用长针脚粗缝, 润以油脂, 狠揍 | n. a loose temporary sewing stitch to hold layers of fabric together | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carve\|carve]] | /kɑ:v/ | v. 雕刻, 切开 | v. form by carving | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!* |
| martina |  | n. 玛蒂娜（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misery\|misery]] | /'mizәri/ | n. 痛苦, 悲惨, 不幸, 穷困 | n. a state of ill-being due to affliction or misfortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scarf\|scarf]] | /skɑ:f/ | n. 围巾, 头巾, 领带, 领巾, 嵌接 | n. a garment worn around the head or neck or shoulders for warmth or decoration | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Ross you left you scarf in… Hey you guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yemen\|yemen]] | /'jemәn/ | n. 也门 | n. a republic on the southwestern shores of the Arabian Peninsula on the Indian  | 1 | 11 | 2 | *Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hairy\|hairy]] | /'hєәri/ | a. 多毛的, 毛状的, 长毛的 | a. having or covered with hair | 1 | 8 | 7 | *You two will have very hairy children.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#farrell\|farrell]] | /'færәl/ | n. 法雷尔（姓氏） | n. United States writer remembered for his novels (1904-1979) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overhear]] | /.әuvә'hiә/ | vt. 无意中听到, 偷听 | v hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigot\|bigot]] | /'bigәt/ | n. 盲从者, 偏执的人 | n. a prejudiced person who is intolerant of any opinions differing from his own | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tasty\|tasty]] | /'teisti/ | a. 好吃的, 可口的 | a. pleasing to the sense of taste | 1 | 3 | 3 | *All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contestant\|contestant]] | /kәn'testәnt/ | n. 竞争者 | n. a person who participates in competitions | 1 | 7 | 5 | *All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths.  And they're off!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#isolation\|isolation]] | /.aisә'leiʃәn/ | n. 隔绝, 孤立, 隔离 | n. a state of separation between persons or groups | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths.  And they're off!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#booth\|booth]] | /bu:θ/ | n. 亭, 摊棚 | n. a table (in a restaurant or bar) surrounded by two high-backed benches | 1 | 5 | 4 | *All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths.  And they're off!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]] | /.vaiә'leiʃәn/ | n. 违反, 违背, 妨碍 | n. an act that disregards an agreement or a right | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Judge rules, no violation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonton\|wonton]] | /'wɒn'tɒn/ | n. 馄饨 | n a Chinese dumpling filled with spiced minced pork; usually served in soup | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clinton\|clinton]] | /'klintәn/ | n. 克林顿（男子名） | n. wife of President Clinton and later a woman member of the United States Senat | 1 | 3 | 3 | *But seriously, I believe that we should all support President Clinton. And her husband Bill.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]] | /'ʃugә/ | n. 糖, 糖块, 甜言蜜语 | n. a white crystalline carbohydrate used as a sweetener and preservative | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Just a little bit of sugar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oughta\|oughta]] | /'ɔ:tә/ | [口]=ought to |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweeten\|sweeten]] | /'swi:tn/ | vt. 使变甜, 加糖于, 使悦耳, 使温和, 减轻 | v. make sweeter in taste | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headache\|headache]] | /'hedeik/ | n. 头痛, 令人头痛之事 | n. pain in the head caused by dilation of cerebral arteries or muscle contractio | 1 | 8 | 3 | *How does that laugh not give you a headache?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snivel\|snivel]] | /'snivl/ | vi. 流鼻涕, 哭泣 | n. whining in a tearful manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weasel\|weasel]] | /'wi:zl/ | n. 鼬鼠, 狡猾的人, 告密者, 狡辩之辞 | n. a person who is regarded as treacherous or sneaky | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#defend\|defend]] | /di'fend/ | vt. 防护, 辩护, 防卫 | v. argue or speak in defense of | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imply\|imply]] | /im'plai/ | vt. 暗示, 意味 | v. express or state indirectly | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#physically\|physically]] | /'fizikli/ | adv. 按自然规律, 完全地, 实际上, 真正地, 身体上地 | r. in accord with physical laws | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comic\|comic]] | /'kɒmik/ | n. 连环漫画, 喜剧演员, 滑稽的人 | a. of or relating to or characteristic of comedy | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Hey Rach! Hey, you mind if I read my comic books in here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]] | /'kɒnsәntreit/ | n. 浓缩, 精选 | n. a concentrated form of a foodstuff; the bulk is reduced by removing water | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confront\|confront]] | /kәn'frʌnt/ | vt. 使面对, 对抗, 遭遇, 使对质, 比较 | v. oppose, as in hostility or a competition | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liar\|liar]] | /'laiә/ | n. 说谎者 | n. a person who has lied or who lies repeatedly | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Sorry! I'm just—I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boxer\|boxer]] | /'bɒksә/ | n. 拳师 | n. someone who fights with his fists for sport | 1 | 10 | 5 | *Wh-wh-what are you doing here? (She tries to pull her shirt down to cover the fact that she's wearin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gullible\|gullible]] | /'gʌlibl/ | a. 易受骗的 | s. easily tricked because of being too trusting | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Man, she is really gullible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sabbatical\|sabbatical]] | /sә'bætikl/ | a. 安息日的, 休假的 | n. a leave usually taken every seventh year | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whine\|whine]] | /hwain/ | n. 哀叫声, 嘎嘎声, 哀鸣 | v. move with a whining sound | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attach\|attach]] | /ә'tætʃ/ | vt. 附上, 使依附, 使附属, 使喜爱, 系, 缚 | v. cause to be attached | 1 | 8 | 8 | *And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty  seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you * |
