---
season: 5
episode: "13"
title: "The One With Joey's Bag"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E13 — The One With Joey's Bag

*Teleplay by: Seth Kirkland*

*Story by: Michael Curtis*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's bedroom, he is giving Monica a massage.

**Monica:** I can't believe we've never done this before! It's sooo good! So good for Monica!

*(Chandler picks up the timer being used and turns it to zero at which it chimes.)*

**Chandler:** Oh! Look at that, time's up! My turn!

**Monica:** That was a half an hour?

**Chandler:** It's your [[Friends-词汇总表#timer\|timer]].

*(They change places.)*

**Monica:** Y'know, I don't like to [[Friends-词汇总表#brag\|brag]] about it, but I give the best [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]]!

**Chandler:** All right, then [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] me up right nice!

*(She starts the massage, only she is doing extremely hard and Chandler is gasping in pain.)*

**Chandler:** Ah! Ahh!! Ahh!!

**Monica:** It's so good, isn't it?

**Chandler:** It's so good I don't know what I've done to [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] it!

**Monica:** Say good-bye to [[Friends-词汇总表#sore\|sore]] [[Friends-词汇总表#muscle\|muscles]]!

**Chandler:** Good-bye [[Friends-词汇总表#muscle\|muscles]]!!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are sitting on the couch.

**Chandler:** I'm telling you, she gives the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]] ever!! Okay, it was like she was [[Friends-词汇总表#torture\|torturing]] me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just—I didn't know what it was!

**Joey:** Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.

**Chandler:** Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] that up by y'know, telling the truth.

**Ross:** *(walking up with Rachel and carrying coffee)* Hey.

**Joey:** Whoa, dude, look out! You almost [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crushed]] my hat! *(He picks a hat up from the floor. It's one of those magician stovepipe hats.)*

**Ross:** Sorry.

**Chandler:** *(examining the hat)* And the [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] got away. *(Turns and starts looking for the bunny as Joey puts the hat on.)*

**Ross:** *(glaring at Joey)* This would be the place where you [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] the hat.

**Joey:** Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like [[Friends-词汇总表#suave\|suave]] international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-[[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]], high fashion stuff.

**Chandler:** And you're gonna make them all [[Friends-词汇总表#disappear\|disappear]].

**Joey:** Yeah, like you could find something as [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticated]] as this.

*(Chandler picks up a basket from the table and puts it on his head.)*

**Chandler:** Done.

**Rachel:** Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.

**Joey:** Great! Thanks, Rach!

**Rachel:** Sure! *(Pause)* God, please take those off!

**Joey:** All right.

*(Both of them remove their hats as Phoebe enters.)*

**Ross:** Hey Pheebs, how's it going?

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital.

*(All at once.)*

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** Is everything okay?

**Joey:** Are you all right?

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] died.

**Joey:** Pheebs! Sorry!

**Phoebe:** It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.

**Rachel:** Well maybe, maybe she's with us right now?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, her first day on a new [[Friends-词汇总表#spiritual\|spiritual]] [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] and she's gonna come to the [[Friends-词汇总表#coffeehouse\|coffeehouse]]!

**Monica:** *(entering, in a hurry)* Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.

**Ross:** Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.

**Monica:** Ohh my God, I'm so sorry.

**Phoebe:** It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.

**Monica:** *(to the guys)* Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?

**Phoebe:** Well umm, okay we were in the market and she [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bent]] down to get some [[Friends-词汇总表#yogurt\|yogurt]] and she just never came back up again.

**Joey:** Pheebs, I'm so sorry.

**Phoebe:** It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]], you go get the [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]] and I'm gonna get the [[Friends-词汇总表#yogurt\|yogurt]] and we'll meet at the [[Friends-词汇总表#checkout\|checkout]] counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.


> [!scene] Scene: Bloomingdale's, Rachel is fixing Joey up with some new clothes.

**Rachel:** Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] you're gonna have to wear [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]?

**Joey:** All right, then you'd better show me some of that too then.

**Rachel:** Okay, it's missing something. Ooh, I know! Umm, okay. *(Goes and grabs a bag, that looks like a purse, and shows it to Joey.)*

**Joey:** Really? A [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]?

**Rachel:** It's not a [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]! It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] bag.

**Joey:** It looks like a women's [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]].

**Rachel:** No Joey, look. Trust me, all the men are wearing them in the spring catalog. Look. *(Shows him.)* See look, men, carrying the bag.

**Joey:** See look, women, carrying the bag. *(He puts it on his shoulder and looks at himself in the mirror and likes what he sees.)* But it is [[Friends-词汇总表#odd\|odd]] how a women's [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] looks good on me, a man.

**Rachel:** Exactly! Unisex!

**Joey:** Maybe you need sex. I had sex a couple days ago.

**Rachel:** No! No Joey! U-N-I-sex.

**Joey:** Well, I ain't gonna say no to that.


> [!scene] Scene: Ursula's apartment, Phoebe is about to break the bad news to her sister. She knocks on the door.

**Ursula:** Who is it?

**Phoebe:** It's Phoebe.

**Ursula:** Oh great! *(Opens the door.)* *(Disappointed)* Oh, you. Umm, what's up?

**Phoebe:** Umm, well I [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] have some bad news, can I come in?

**Ursula:** Umm, yeah—no thanks.

**Phoebe:** Umm, well, umm Grandma died.

**Ursula:** Wow! Didn't she die like five years ago?

**Phoebe:** No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a [[Friends-词汇总表#memorial\|memorial]] service tomorrow.

**Ursula:** Okay, I know that I went to that all ready.

**Phoebe:** No you didn't!

**Ursula:** Well, then who's been dead for five years?

**Phoebe:** Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to [[Friends-词汇总表#memorial\|memorial]] service or not?

**Ursula:** Umm, no. See I already thought she was dead so I kinda made my peace with it. Plus, I'm going to a [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]] tomorrow. So… I'd invite you, but umm, I only have two [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] left.

**Phoebe:** Fine. Okay, enjoy your [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]]. *(Starts to leave.)*

**Ursula:** Thanks! Enjoy your [[Friends-词汇总表#funeral\|funeral]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Chandler are on the couch as Joey enters with his new bag.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

*(As he walks past both Chandler and Ross notice the bag and stare at each other in shock.)*

**Chandler:** Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!

**Joey:** What? Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|referring]] to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]] too. Check it out! It's got [[Friends-词汇总表#compartment\|compartments]] for all your stuff! Your [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]]! Your keys! Your address book!

**Ross:** Your make-up!

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Joey, what are you doing with the bag? You're [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] is not until tomorrow.

**Joey:** Yeah, but [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] time is right now. *(Removes a sandwich and starts eating.)*

**Rachel:** Joey, y'know you get any [[Friends-词汇总表#mustard\|mustard]] on that bag, you can't return it.

**Joey:** Why would I return it? I love this bag!

**Rachel:** All right, then you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me $350.

**Joey:** Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard? *(He's holding the fake credit cards that come with the bag.)*

**Rachel:** *(glaring at him)* Joey…

**Joey:** All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.

**Ross:** What's the part, Anti-man?

**Rachel:** Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.

**Joey:** U-N-I-sexy? *(Smiles provocatively.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's Grandmother's memorial, Phoebe is at the door welcoming people.

**Phoebe:** Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.

*(The gang arrives.)*

**Rachel:** Hi sweetie!

**Ross:** Hey, how are you holding up?

**Joey:** Hey Pheebs, I'm so sorry.

**Phoebe:** *(notices his bag.)* Hey, y'know what? My Grandma had the [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] same bag!

**Joey:** Here, I brought you some flowers. *(He pulls them out of the bag.)*

**Phoebe:** Thanks!

**Chandler:** Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more [[Friends-词汇总表#masculine\|masculine]].

*(Another man, an older man, enters, looking around and bumps into Chandler.)*

**Man:** Oops, I'm sorry. Excuse me. Is this the umm, the [[Friends-词汇总表#memorial\|memorial]]?

*(The gang moves off as Phoebe greets the new guest.)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah, welcome.

**Man:** Hello. Hello.

**Phoebe:** Umm here's your 3-D glasses.

**Man:** Oh, umm, all right.

**Phoebe:** So how did you know Francis?

**Man:** Well I actually, I-I really, I haven't seen her for years. But umm, well I-I was pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] with-with her and her [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]].

**Phoebe:** Really?! What's your name?

**Man:** Umm, Frank Buffay.

*(Needless to say, Phoebe is stunned into silence. And one audience member gasps.) Frank Sr.: (Seeing the look on her face) Y'know what? Strike that. My name uh, actually is-is Joe. Uh, Joe umm, Hill.*

**Phoebe:** You're Frank Buffay? Frank Sr.: Shh! *(Whispers)* No! Joe Hill!

**Phoebe:** You just said… Frank Sr.: Y'know what, I gotta go. And thank you so much for coming.

*(Hands back his glasses and hurries out.)*

**Phoebe:** But…

*(Phoebe takes one step after him and stops.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!

**Monica:** What?! What honey?

**Ross:** What happened?

**Phoebe:** That was my dad!

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

*(They all look down the hall he left from.)*

**Joey:** *(approaches, wearing his glasses)* Hey you guys, check it out. Check it out. *(Moves his hand towards and away from his face.)* It's like it's coming right at me.

*(Chandler helps out a little bit by pushing on Joey's arm, which causes his hand to slap him in his face.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Funeral Home, continued from earlier. Phoebe is returning after looking for her father.

**Monica:** Oh, did you catch him?!

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh.

**Ross:** Wh-what did he say?!

**Phoebe:** He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda." *(They stare at her, dumbfounded)* Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?

**Rachel:** Why?! Why not?!

**Phoebe:** Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] he [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandoned]]!

**Joey:** What did you say to him?

**Phoebe:** Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the [[Friends-词汇总表#executor\|executor]] person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.

**The Pastor:** Could everyone please take their seats?

**Phoebe:** All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Monica:** All right, let's go say good-bye.

*(They put on their glasses and try to find their way to their seats.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, after the funeral, everyone is there.

**Joey:** *(entering, with bag)* Hey! I'm off to my [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]. How do I look?

**Rachel:** Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.

**Chandler:** And a date with a man!

**Joey:** Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as [[Friends-词汇总表#handy\|handy]] as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, *(pats the bag)* comes with a bag! *(Exits.)*

**Phoebe:** All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.

**Rachel:** Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?

**Phoebe:** Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out

**Ross:** Well, but aren't you [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|pissed]] at him?! I mean this guy [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandoned]] you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical [[Friends-词汇总表#danger\|danger]]!

*(Getting worked up) I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!" (Calming down.) I kinda scared myself.*

**Monica:** Well, at least you scared someone.

**Phoebe:** Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]]. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] his [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.

**Monica:** Phoebe, you do seem a little [[Friends-词汇总表#tense\|tense]]. Here, let me help you.

**Phoebe:** All right.

*(She goes over and tries to give Phoebe a massage. Phoebe yelps in pain and jumps away from her.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!

**Monica:** What are you talking about?

**Phoebe:** As a [[Friends-词汇总表#masseuse\|masseuse]] and a human, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#beg\|begging]] you, never do that to anyone!

**Monica:** *(indignant)* I give good [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]]! *(Ross laughs.)* I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]]! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch! *(She starts giving Chandler a massage.)*

**Phoebe:** *(seeing the look on Chandler's face)* He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!

**Monica:** No he's not!

**Chandler:** *(wincing)* Yes, he is!

**Monica:** What?!

**Chandler:** I'm sorry but, ow-owww-owww!

**Monica:** You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.

**Ross:** Well, maybe he just didn't want to hurt your [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]].

**Monica:** But the minute we start to lie to each other… *(Pauses after she realizes what she's saying.)* And by 'we' I mean society.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's audition, he is with bag.

**The Casting Director:** Any time you're ready, Joey.

**Joey:** *(reading from the script)* Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.

**The Casting Director:** *(stopping him)* I'm sorry. Could you, could you try it without the purse?

**Joey:** Yeah, sure. *(He takes it off and starts reading.)* Well, you must be new here. Maybe we should—I'm sorry, can I ask you something? *(He stops and asks a question.)*

**The Casting Director:** Sure. What?

**Joey:** Well, first it's not a [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]].

**The Casting Director:** Okay, anytime.

**Joey:** I mean if-if you're thinking it's a woman's bag, it's not. It's a man's bag!

**The Casting Director:** Okayyyy! Anddd, go!

**Joey:** All right look, let me show you the catalog! *(Does so.)* See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!

**The Casting Director:** Umm, do you sell these bags?

**Joey:** Noooo. No-no-no, these babies sell themselves.

**The Casting Director:** Okay! Thank you! That was great!

**Joey:** Yeah but I didn’t read anything.

**The Casting Director:** I think we've seen enough!

**Joey:** Okay! All right, I'll see ya. *(As he's walking off stage.)* *(Patting the bag.)* We got it! We got it!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is poking his head in.

**Chandler:** Hey, is Rachel here?

**Monica:** No.

**Chandler:** *(coming all the way in)* Listen, I just wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] about this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] and the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.

**Monica:** Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me—just say, "I don't like your [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]]."

**Chandler:** *(falling into that trap)* I don't like your [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]].

**Monica:** *(starting to cry)* See? It's no big deal.

**Chandler:** Okay, but now see you're crying!

**Monica:** I'm not crying about that! I'm crying about something that happened at work.

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** *(bursting into tears)* My boyfriend said he didn't like my [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]].

**Chandler:** It's okay, you don't have to be the best at everything.

**Monica:** Oh my God! You don't know me at all!

**Chandler:** Okay, you give the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]] in the world.

**Monica:** I'm crying here!!

**Chandler:** Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]]. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.

**Monica:** Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]], well who would get that?

**Chandler:** Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes!

**Monica:** So maybe they could umm, call the award the Monica?

**Chandler:** Absolutely!

**Monica:** Okay. I suck!

**Chandler:** Yeah! *(They hug.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Frank Sr. is just arriving.

**Phoebe:** Umm, thank you for meeting with me. Frank Sr.: Thank you. All right.

**Phoebe:** Come, sit. *(He's hesitant.)* Sit. *(Still hesitating.)* Sit! *(He sits on the arm of the couch.)* Umm, all [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]], before we get started I just—I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay. Frank Sr.: Oh yes. Yes, yes, I am, uh-hmm.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Frank Sr.: So, what did Francis leave me?

**Phoebe:** Huh? Frank Sr.: Well, that's why you wanted me to come, right?

**Phoebe:** Oh yes. Yes. Yeah—no. She did. She left you umm, *(looking in her purse)* this [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]]. Frank Sr.: Oh. Huh. It's huh, well it's *(opens it)* oh it's—ew used. Umm, cool.

**Phoebe:** Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. *(She picks up a couple of crumpled receipts.)* Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] Lilly, is that correct? Frank Sr.: Yes, yes I was.

**Phoebe:** Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total [[Friends-词汇总表#abandonment\|abandonment]] of her and her two children? Frank Sr.: It really says that?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah. See? *(Quickly shows him.)* Frank Sr.: Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.

**Phoebe:** Hmm, okay, total [[Friends-词汇总表#abandonment\|abandonment]]. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a [[Friends-词汇总表#selfish\|selfish]], [[Friends-词汇总表#irresponsible\|irresponsible]] bad, bad man? Frank Sr.: Y'know, I don't think I want the [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] that much. *(Gets up to leave.)* But umm… Oh, would you do me a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please? *(Hands her a note.)*

**Phoebe:** What?! Frank Sr.: Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the [[Friends-词汇总表#memorial\|memorial]] but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I [[Friends-词汇总表#chickened\|chickened]] out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?

**Phoebe:** But you-you-you came to see Lilly? Frank Sr.: Yeah, yeah. Why?

**Phoebe:** Lilly's dead. *(He looks up in shock.)* Frank Sr.: She what?!

**Phoebe:** She's dead. Frank Sr.: Are you sure?

**Phoebe:** Well, if she isn't then [[Friends-词汇总表#cremate\|cremating]] her was a big [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]. Frank Sr.: I can't believe this. I just—I can't believe this. How-how—Oh my God. How long ago?

**Phoebe:** 17 years ago. Frank Sr.: Oh! What about, what about the girls?

**Phoebe:** Well, Ursula is a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe,

*(pause) is on this couch.*

*(Silence ensues.)*

**Phoebe:** Yep, [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]], big day for you! Frank Sr.: Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, *(Sits down next to her and brushes against her leg.)* Oops. *(He backs up.)* I just, I-I-I-I don’t, I don’t know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]], you're so pretty.

**Phoebe:** Yes. Well, that's [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] here nor there. Frank Sr.: So would it, would it make you feel better if I said I was very, very sorry that I left?

**Phoebe:** Y'know what, it doesn’t matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go. Frank Sr.: All right. Well, y'know in my defense I was a [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] father.

**Phoebe:** That's a defense? Frank Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burned]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#formula\|formula]] and I put your [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diapers]] on [[Friends-词汇总表#backwards\|backwards]]. I mean, I made up a song to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!

**Phoebe:** You make up songs? Frank Sr.: Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm. *(Singing.)* Sleepy girl, [[Friends-词汇总表#sleepy\|sleepy]] girl. Why won't you go to sleep? Sleepy girl, sleepy girl. You're, you're, you're keeping me [[Friends-词汇总表#uppp\|uppp]]! *(Yeah, that's to the tune of Smelly Cat.)* Yeah.

*(Phoebe is trying not to smile. He moves closer and very shyly holds out his hand and turns his head, hoping for Phoebe to take his hand. She doesn't.) Frank Sr.: I just, I y'know, I'm not very good at this. So, umm… (Backs away.)*

**Phoebe:** Well, I am. *(Moves over and takes his hand.)*

*(She holds his hand for a little while then…)*

**Phoebe:** Not yet, no. *(Drops his hand and moves back.)* Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey returns from his audition and finds everyone but Phoebe there.

**Joey:** *(dejected)* Hi.

**All:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey man, how did the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] go?

**Joey:** Estelle said I didn't get it. *(Sits down next to Rachel on the couch.)*

**Rachel:** What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!

**Joey:** Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.

**Ross:** What kind of problem?

**Joey:** Well to tell you the truth, they uh, *(Pause)* they had a problem with the bag!

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Ross:** Nooooo!

**Joey:** Y'know what? It was a stupid play anyway!

**Monica:** Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.

**Joey:** I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach?

*(She's avoiding his eyes.) Oh, you think I should give up the bag!*

**Rachel:** Honey wait, Joey, I’m sorry I mean as [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] as I think you are with it… *(Looks for help.)*

**Chandler:** Oh, hey! *(Ross nods in agreement as well.)*

**Rachel:** …I just don't know if the world is ready for you and your bag.

**Joey:** I can't believe I'm hearing this!

**Rachel:** Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn’t have a bag, I just—it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm, *(Pause)* [[Friends-词汇总表#controversial\|controversial]].

**Chandler:** Yeah umm, they're called [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallets]].


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（34）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 4 | 101 | 68 | *Okay, but now see you're crying!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 3 | 170 | 116 | *Come, sit.  Sit.  Sit!  Umm, all righty, before we get started I just—I need you to state for the of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 2 | 126 | 70 | *Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave int* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *That was my dad!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 2 | 130 | 71 | *What?! Frank Sr.: Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wante* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Y'know what, it doesn’t matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *That's a defense? Frank Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backward* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *You make up songs? Frank Sr.: Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave int* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again,* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly! Unisex!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Umm, no. See I already thought she was dead so I kinda made my peace with it. Plus, I'm going to a c* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get than* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get than* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Oops, I'm sorry. Excuse me. Is this the umm, the memorial?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Oh, did you catch him?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda."  Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Well, at least you scared someone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *My boyfriend said he didn't like my massages.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Okay. I suck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms.  Okay, so, quest* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Yeah. See?  Frank Sr.: Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 8 | 63 | 30 | *Y'know, I don't like to brag about it, but I give the best massages!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 5 | 87 | 38 | *Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave int* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 5 | 48 | 31 | *Really? A purse?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 5 | 57 | 29 | *Well I actually, I-I really, I haven't seen her for years. But umm, well I-I was pretty tight with-w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 4 | 29 | 21 | *Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 3 | 49 | 29 | *Umm, Frank Buffay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 2 | 58 | 45 | *I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for info* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] | /'sɔ:tә/ | adv. 有几分地 |  | 2 | 20 | 15 | *Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.* |
| oops | /u:ps/ | interj. (表示惊讶、沮丧、谢罪等)哎哟 |  | 2 | 16 | 15 | *Oops, I'm sorry. Excuse me. Is this the umm, the memorial?* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 1 | 33 | 27 | *I can't believe we've never done this before! It's sooo good! So good for Monica!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] | /'bʌni/ | n. 兔子 | n. a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a | 1 | 32 | 17 | *And the bunny got away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *This would be the place where you explain the hat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticate]] | /sә'fistikeit/ | n. 久经世故的人, 精于...之道的人 | n. a worldly-wise person | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 1 | 67 | 27 | *Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coffeehouse\|coffeehouse]] |  | n. 咖啡馆 | n a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bend]] | /bend/ | vi. 变弯曲, 屈服 | n. a circular segment of a curve | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1 | 38 | 20 | *It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 1 | 15 | 11 | *It's not a purse! It's a shoulder bag.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|refer]] | /ri'fә:/ | vt. 提交, 归诸于, 把...提交, 使求助于 | v. be relevant to | 1 | 10 | 10 | *What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *Yeah, but sandwich time is right now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *All right, then you owe me $350.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] | /ig'zækt/ | a. 精确的, 准确的, 精密的 | a. marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Hey, y'know what? My Grandma had the exact same bag!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Well I actually, I-I really, I haven't seen her for years. But umm, well I-I was pretty tight with-w* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *You're Frank Buffay? Frank Sr.: Shh!  No! Joe Hill!* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|piss]] | /pis/ | vi. 小便, 下大雨, 抱怨 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] | /rip/ | n. 裂痕, 破绽, 拉裂, 浪子, 巨浪 | n. an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beg\|beg]] | /beg/ | v. 乞求, 乞讨, 请求 | v. call upon in supplication; entreat | 1 | 16 | 13 | *As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *Well, maybe he just didn't want to hurt your feelings.* |
| noooo |  | [网络] 豪炎寺甚至是麦克鸡；好机会；不要长大好了 |  | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Noooo. No-no-no, these babies sell themselves.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I rea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I rea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] | /'ɒnist/ | a. 诚实的, 坦直的, 可靠的 | a. not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent | 1 | 29 | 26 | *Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#selfish\|selfish]] | /'selfiʃ/ | a. 自私的, 利己主义的, 自我中心的 | a. concerned chiefly or only with yourself and your advantage to the exclusion o | 1 | 16 | 10 | *Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Well, if she isn't then cremating her was a big mistake. Frank Sr.: I can't believe this. I just—I c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there. Frank Sr.: So would it, would it make you feel better if I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] | /'lauzi/ | a. 污秽的, 恶心的, 生虱的 | s. infested with lice | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Y'know what, it doesn’t matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *That's a defense? Frank Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backward* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] | /'daiәpә/ | n. 尿布 | n. garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened a | 1 | 21 | 14 | *That's a defense? Frank Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backward* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *That's a defense? Frank Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backward* |
| estelle | /es'tel/ | n. 埃斯特尔(f.) |  | 1 | 27 | 10 | *Estelle said I didn't get it.* |
| nooooo |  | [网络] 是我自作多情；天哪；脑无 |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Nooooo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] | /tә'rifik/ | a. 非常好的, 极端的, 可怕的 | s. very great or intense | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Honey wait, Joey, I’m sorry I mean as terrific as I think you are with it…* |

### 低频词（48）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| lilly |  | n. 莉莉（女子名）；丽莱（香港时装公司） |  | 6 | 6 | 1 | *Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms.  Okay, so, quest* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#memorial\|memorial]] | /mi'mɒ:riәl/ | n. 纪念物, 请愿书 | n. a recognition of meritorious service | 4 | 8 | 3 | *No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.* |
| francis | /'frɑ:nsis/ | n. 弗朗西斯（男子名, 义为自由之人） |  | 4 | 8 | 4 | *So how did you know Francis?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleepy\|sleepy]] | /'sli:pi/ | a. 困乏的, 欲睡的 | s. ready to fall asleep | 4 | 8 | 5 | *You make up songs? Frank Sr.: Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] | /'lipstik/ | n. 口红, 唇膏 | n. makeup that is used to color the lips | 3 | 12 | 9 | *Oh yes. Yes. Yeah—no. She did. She left you umm,  this lipstick. Frank Sr.: Oh. Huh. It's huh, well * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abandonment\|abandonment]] | /ә'bændәmәnt/ | n. 放弃, 抛弃, 放纵 | n. the act of giving something up | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muscle\|muscle]] | /'mʌsl/ | n. 肌肉, 臂力 | n. one of the contractile organs of the body | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Say good-bye to sore muscles!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yogurt\|yogurt]] | /'jɔ^әt/ | n. 酸乳酪 | n. a custard-like food made from curdled milk | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#checkout\|checkout]] | /'tʃekaut/ | n. 结帐台 | n. the latest time for vacating a hotel room | 2 | 3 | 2 | *It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]] | /'kɒnsәt/ | n. 音乐会, 和声, 一致 | n. a performance of music by players or singers not involving theatrical staging | 2 | 14 | 7 | *Umm, no. See I already thought she was dead so I kinda made my peace with it. Plus, I'm going to a c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandon]] | /ә'bændәn/ | vt. 放弃, 抛弃, 遗弃, 使屈从, 沉溺, 放纵 | n. the trait of lacking restraint or control; reckless freedom from inhibition o | 2 | 9 | 7 | *Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#timer\|timer]] | /'taimә/ | n. 计时员, 计时器 | n. a timepiece that measures a time interval and signals its end | 1 | 5 | 3 | *It's your timer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brag\|brag]] | /bræg/ | n. 吹牛 | n. an instance of boastful talk | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Y'know, I don't like to brag about it, but I give the best massages!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sore\|sore]] | /sɒ:/ | a. 悲伤的, 痛的, 引起痛苦的 | n. an open skin infection | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Say good-bye to sore muscles!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#torture\|torture]] | /'tɒ:tʃә/ | n. 拷问, 苦闷 | n. unbearable physical pain | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for info* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suave\|suave]] | /swɑ:v/ | a. 柔和的, 温和的, 文雅的 | s having a sophisticated charm | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave int* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disappear\|disappear]] | /.disә'piә/ | vi. 消失, 不见 | v. get lost, as without warning or explanation | 1 | 4 | 4 | *And you're gonna make them all disappear.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spiritual\|spiritual]] | /'spiritʃuәl/ | a. 精神上的, 神圣的, 崇高的, 高尚的, 鬼的, 招魂术的 | n. a kind of religious song originated by Blacks in the southern United States | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odd\|odd]] | /ɒd/ | a. 奇数的, 古怪的, 剩余的, 零散的, 各种各样的, 少量的 | a. not divisible by two | 1 | 4 | 4 | *See look, women, carrying the bag.  But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unisex\|unisex]] | /'ju:niseks/ | a. 男女皆宜的 | s. not distinguished on the basis of sex | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Exactly! Unisex!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#funeral\|funeral]] | /'fju:nәrәl/ | n. 葬礼, 出殡 | n. a ceremony at which a dead person is buried or cremated | 1 | 13 | 8 | *Thanks! Enjoy your funeral.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]] | /'præktikl/ | a. 实际的, 现实的, 实用性的 | a. concerned with actual use or practice | 1 | 8 | 7 | *What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compartment\|compartment]] | /kәm'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 分隔间, 卧车包房, 防水舱隔 | n. a space into which an area is subdivided | 1 | 4 | 4 | *What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]] | /'wɒlit/ | n. 皮夹 | n. a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money | 1 | 9 | 9 | *What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mustard\|mustard]] | /'mʌstәd/ | n. 芥末, 芥菜, 强烈的兴趣 | n. any of several cruciferous plants of the genus Brassica | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Joey, y'know you get any mustard on that bag, you can't return it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vas\|vas]] | /væs/ | [医] 管, 脉管 | n a tube in which a body fluid circulates | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reverend\|reverend]] | /'revәrәnd/ | n. 教士, 大人(对教士的尊称) | n. a title of respect for a clergyman | 1 | 12 | 4 | *Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasse* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pong\|pong]] | /pɒŋ/ | n. 恶臭 | n an unpleasant smell | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasse* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#masculine\|masculine]] | /'mæskjulin/ | n. 阳性, 男性 | n. a gender that refers chiefly (but not exclusively) to males or to objects cla | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine.* |
| glenda | /'glendә/ | n. 格伦达（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda."  Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#executor\|executor]] | /ig'zekjutә/ | n. 执行者 | n. a person appointed by a testator to carry out the terms of the will | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handy\|handy]] | /'hændi/ | a. 便利的, 敏捷的, 容易取得的 | n. United States blues musician who transcribed and published traditional blues  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#danger\|danger]] | /'deindʒә/ | n. 危险, 威胁 | n. the condition of being susceptible to harm or injury | 1 | 10 | 5 | *Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fortunately\|fortunately]] | /'fɒitʃәnitli/ | adv. 幸运地, 幸亏 | r. by good fortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tense\|tense]] | /tens/ | a. 紧张的, 拉紧的 | n. a grammatical category of verbs used to express distinctions of time | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#masseuse\|masseuse]] | /mæ'sә:z/ | n. 女按摩师 | n. a female massager | 1 | 9 | 7 | *As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]] | /ә'lә:dʒik/ | a. 对...过敏的, 极反感的 | a. characterized by or caused by allergy | 1 | 12 | 6 | *I give good massages!  I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]] | /'raiti/ | n. 右派, 保守派 |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Come, sit.  Sit.  Sit!  Umm, all righty, before we get started I just—I need you to state for the of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happily\|happily]] | /'hæpili/ | adv. 幸福地, 快乐地, 幸好 | r. in a joyous manner | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amnesia\|amnesia]] | /æm'ni:zjә/ | n. 健忘症, 记忆缺失 | n. partial or total loss of memory | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irresponsible\|irresponsible]] | /.iri'spɔnsәbl/ | a. 不负责任的；不可靠的 | a. showing lack of care for consequences | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chickened\|chickened]] | /'tʃɪkɪn/ | n. 鸡肉；小鸡；胆小鬼, 懦夫 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What?! Frank Sr.: Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wante* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cremate\|cremate]] | /'kri:meit/ | vt. 烧成灰, 火葬 | v. reduce to ashes | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, if she isn't then cremating her was a big mistake. Frank Sr.: I can't believe this. I just—I c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soho\|soho]] | /sәu'hәu/ | interj. 哈, 嗬 | n. a district in southwestern Manhattan noted for its shops and restaurants and  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#formula\|formula]] | /'fɒ:mjulә/ | n. 客套语, 公式, 准则 | n. a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *That's a defense? Frank Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backward* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backwards\|backwards]] | /'bækwәdz/ | adv. 向后 | r at or to or toward the back or rear | 1 | 9 | 8 | *That's a defense? Frank Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backward* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uppp\|uppp]] |  | [医][=uvulopalatopharyngoplasty]悬雍垂腭咽成形术 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You make up songs? Frank Sr.: Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#controversial\|controversial]] | /.kɒntrә'vә:ʃәl/ | a. 争论的, 论争的, 被议论的 | a. marked by or capable of arousing controversy | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn’t have a bag, I just—it's just there a* |
