---
season: 5
episode: "14"
title: "The One Where Everyone Finds Out"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E14 — The One Where Everyone Finds Out

*Written by: Alexa Junge*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is eating some Chinese food.

**Phoebe:** *(looking out the window)* Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!

*(They all run and join her at the window.)*

**Rachel:** I'd say from the looks of it; our naked buddy is moving.

**Ross:** Ironically, most of the boxes seem to be labeled clothes.

**Rachel:** Ohh, I'm gonna miss that big old [[Friends-词汇总表#squishy\|squishy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]].

**Chandler:** And we're done with the [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fried]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rice\|rice]].

**Ross:** Hey! Hey! If he's moving, maybe I should try to get his place!

**All:** Good idea! Yes!

**Ross:** It would be so cool to live across from you guys!

**Joey:** Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!

**Chandler:** Or we can do the actual telephone thing.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Ugly Naked Guy's apartment, Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are checking out the place. Luckily, Ugly Naked Guy is nowhere to be seen.

**Ross:** Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!

**Rachel:** Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.

**Phoebe:** It's amazing! You better [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] up and fill out an application or I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] you to it.

**Ross:** *(laughing)* Ohh. *(Phoebe takes a couple of steps to the door and Ross quickly hurries out.)*

**Rachel:** Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom. *(Does so.)*

**Phoebe:** *(looking out the window)* Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! *(Starts yelling.)* Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! *(Chandler and Monica start taking each other's clothes off.)* Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!

**Rachel:** What?!

**Phoebe:** *(screaming)* Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!

**Rachel:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!

**Rachel:** OH MY GOD!!!

**Phoebe:** OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!!

**Rachel:** Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!

**Phoebe:** NO! THEY'RE DOING IT!!!

**Rachel:** I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW!

**Phoebe:** YOU KNOW?!!!

**Rachel:** Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screaming]]!!

**Ross:** *(entering)* What's going on? Phoebe and Rachel: Ohhh!!!

**Rachel:** *(trying to divert his attention from the window by jumping up and down)* HI!! Hi!

**Ross:** What?! What?!

**Rachel:** Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!

**Ross:** Actually, it looks really good. *(Turns towards the window and now Phoebe starts jumping to divert his attention.)*

**Phoebe:** *(Screaming incoherently.)* Get in here!!! *(Motions to join her and Rachel.)*

*(Ross starts jumping and screaming incoherently and hops over and joins in on the group hug.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are there talking about Chandler and Monica.

**Phoebe:** You mean [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] or going [[Friends-词汇总表#grocery\|grocery]] shopping or—Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!

**Rachel:** Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.

**Phoebe:** Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey guys!

**Rachel:** Joey! Come here! Come here!

**Joey:** What? What?

**Rachel:** Phoebe just found out about Monica and Chandler.

**Joey:** You mean how they're friends and nothing more? *(Glares at Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. *(Joey gasps)* Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.

**Phoebe:** Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?

**Joey:** Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secrets]] would finally be over!

**Phoebe:** Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.

**Rachel:** Wh-what do you mean?

**Phoebe:** Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] we'll just give them a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of laundry to do.

**Rachel:** Ohhh, I-I would enjoy that!

**Joey:** No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.

**Rachel:** Ehhh, no, I wanna do Phoebe's thing.

**Joey:** I can't take any…

**Phoebe:** No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!

**Joey:** Noo! I can't take any more [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secrets]]! *(To Rachel)* I've got your [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secrets]]. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!

**Rachel:** You don't have any [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secrets]]!

**Joey:** Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my [[Friends-词汇总表#bedtime\|bedtime]] [[Friends-词汇总表#penguin\|penguin]] pal. *(Joey shies away.)*

**Rachel:** *(To Phoebe)* So umm, how-how are we gonna mess with them?

**Joey:** Ugh.

**Phoebe:** Well, you could use your position y'know as the [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]].

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** And then. I would use y'know the [[Friends-词汇总表#strongest\|strongest]] tool at my [[Friends-词汇总表#disposal\|disposal]]. My [[Friends-词汇总表#sexuality\|sexuality]].

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hello children!

**All:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]].

*(She gets up and goes over to Chandler who's ordering some coffee from Gunther.)*

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hey! Ooh, wow that [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] looks great on you!

**Chandler:** Really?

**Phoebe:** *(feels his arm)* Yeah the material feels so soft—hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?

**Chandler:** Well, I try to y'know, [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] things. *(Phoebe giggles uncontrollably.)* Are you okay?

**Phoebe:** Well, if you really wanna know, I'm—Oh! I can't tell you this.

**Chandler:** Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.

**Phoebe:** Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.

**Chandler:** What's going on?

**Phoebe:** I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don’t even see that it's right there in front of you [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sipping]] coffee—Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.

*(She makes a show of bending over to get her coat and showing off her bum. She then walks out, leaving no one to eat her cookie.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's bedroom, Chandler and Monica are there, of course. Like who else would it be, duh!

**Monica:** You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?

**Chandler:** Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] little [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]].

**Monica:** Okay, now you're even [[Friends-词汇总表#cuter\|cuter]]!!

**Chandler:** Y'know that is a popular opinion today I must say.

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#weirdest\|weirdest]] thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.

**Monica:** What are you talking about?

**Chandler:** I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#foxy\|foxy]].

**Monica:** That's not possible!

**Chandler:** Ow!

**Monica:** I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charming]] in a, in a [[Friends-词汇总表#sexless\|sexless]] kind of way.

**Chandler:** Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.

**Monica:** I'm sorry, I think that you just [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstood]] her.

**Chandler:** No, I didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstand]], okay? She was all over me! She touched my [[Friends-词汇总表#bicep\|bicep]] for crying out [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]!

**Monica:** This [[Friends-词汇总表#bicep\|bicep]]?

**Chandler:** Well it's not [[Friends-词汇总表#flex\|flexed]] right now!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, and Chandler are there. Monica is entering from her room.

**Rachel:** Hey Mon, what are you doing now? Wanna come see a movie with us?

**Monica:** Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]].

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Monica:** Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?

**Chandler:** Sure, I'll do it with ya.

**Monica:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Okay great, hold on a sec! *(She runs to her room and returns carrying a huge bag of laundry.)* Oh, here you go! You don't mind do ya? That would really help me out a lot! Thanks!

**Monica:** I mean I-I don't I think I have enough quarters.

**Phoebe:** I have quarters! *(She holds up a bag of quarters.)*

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey Ross! Any word on the apartment yet?

**Ross:** Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is [[Friends-词汇总表#sublet\|subletting]] it himself and he's already had like a hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#applicant\|applicants]].

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Ross:** No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly [[Friends-词汇总表#ethical\|ethical]] but I sent him a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bribe\|bribe]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] the scales in my direction. Check it out, you can probably see it from the window.

*(They all head to the window.)*

**Monica:** Oh, is it that [[Friends-词汇总表#pinball\|pinball]] machine with the big [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] on it?

**Ross:** No.

**Chandler:** That new mountain [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]]?

**Ross:** No.

**Monica:** Well what did you send?

**Ross:** A basket of mini-[[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffins]].

**Phoebe:** But there's a whole table of mini-[[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] baskets. Which one did you send?

**Ross:** The small one.

**Rachel:** What?! You-you actually thought that basket was gonna get you the apartment?

**Ross:** Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffins]]. It was the best day.

**Chandler:** Your work makes me sad.

**Ross:** Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] I'll never see again! *(Exits.)*

**Rachel:** All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.

**Monica:** Bye!

**All:** Bye!

**Phoebe:** Bye Chandler! *(She walks up to him.)* *(Quietly.)* I miss you already. *(She pinches his butt.)*

**Chandler:** *(after they've left)* Okay, did you see that?! With the [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] and the [[Friends-词汇总表#pinch\|pinching]]!!

**Monica:** Actually, I did!

**Chandler:** Okay, so now do you believe that she's [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attracted]] to me?

**Monica:** Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!

**Chandler:** Are you serious?

**Monica:** Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only [[Friends-词汇总表#explanation\|explanation]] for it!

**Chandler:** *(a little hurt)* Okay but what about y'know my pinchable [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] and my [[Friends-词汇总表#bulge\|bulging]] [[Friends-词汇总表#biceps\|biceps]]—She knows!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Joey is snoozing with Hugsy, his bedtime penguin pal and Chandler and Monica come storming in.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Joey!

*(Joey quickly tries to hide Hugsy by throwing it over his head.)*

**Joey:** Yeah?

**Chandler:** Phoebe knows about us!

**Joey:** Well I didn't tell them!

**Monica:** Them?! Who's them?

**Joey:** Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.

**Monica:** Joey!

**Joey:** And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!

**Chandler:** Oh man!

**Joey:** I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!

**Monica:** Unless…

**Joey:** No! Not unless! Look this must end now!

**Monica:** Oh man, they think they are so [[Friends-词汇总表#slick\|slick]] messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So…

**Chandler:** Ahh yes, the [[Friends-词汇总表#messers\|messers]] become the messies!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is looking at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment through binoculars.

**Ross:** Noooo.

**Rachel:** Oh Ross, honey you gotta stop [[Friends-词汇总表#torture\|torturing]] yourself!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?

**Ross:** Look I've already looked at like a [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!

**Rachel:** Y'know what you should do?

**Ross:** Huh?

**Rachel:** You should find out what his [[Friends-词汇总表#hobby\|hobbies]] are and then use that to [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] with him. Yeah! Like if I would [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|strike]] up a [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] about say umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwiches]]. Or uh, or my [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]].

**Joey:** I'm listening.

**Rachel:** *(To Ross)* See?

**Ross:** That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the [[Friends-词汇总表#trampoline\|trampoline]].

**Phoebe:** He broke that.

**Ross:** Well, he had [[Friends-词汇总表#gravity\|gravity]] [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]].

**Rachel:** Yeah, he broke those too.

**Joey:** So he likes to break stuff.

**Ross:** Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. *(He opens the door and stops.)* Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?

**Phoebe:** I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] him out.

**Joey:** Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] coming.

**Ross:** Right. *(Exits.)*

*(The phone rings and Rachel answers it.)*

**Rachel:** Hello! *(Listens)* Oh yeah! Hey! Hold on a second she's right here! *(To Phoebe)* It's Chandler.

**Phoebe:** *(in a sexy voice)* Oh? *(Takes the phone from Rachel.)* Hello you.

**Chandler:** Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day. *(He's holding the phone so that Monica can hear it as well.)*

**Phoebe:** Eh?

**Chandler:** Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't [[Friends-词汇总表#intrigue\|intrigued]].

**Phoebe:** Really?

**Chandler:** Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my [[Friends-词汇总表#bicep\|bicep]]. Or maybe more.

**Phoebe:** I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! *(Hangs up.)* Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his [[Friends-词汇总表#bicep\|bicep]] and more!

**Rachel:** Are you kidding?!

**Phoebe:** No!

**Rachel:** I can not believe he would do that to Mon—Whoa! *(She stops suddenly and slowly turns to point at Joey. Joey is avoiding her eyes.)* Joey, do they know that we know?

**Joey:** No.

**Rachel:** Joey!

**Joey:** They know you know.

**Rachel:** Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!

**Phoebe:** God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! *(Joey just shakes his head.)* Joey, you can't say anything!

**Joey:** I couldn't even if I wanted too.


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Ugly Naked Guy's apartment, Ross is knocks on the door and Ugly Naked Guy answers it. He's ugly. He's naked. And he's holding a huge jumbo soda.

**Ross:** Good evening, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is [[Friends-词汇总表#fierce\|fierce]] but—I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and *(He claps his hands.)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#applaud\|applaud]] you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God [[Friends-词汇总表#intend\|intended]] it.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica and Rachel and Phoebe are planning their respective strategies to break the other pairing. Joey is not amused.

**Monica:** *(in the kitchen with Chandler)* Look at them, they're-they're [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panicked]]!

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, they're totally gonna back down!

**Monica:** Oh yeah!


> [!scene] Cut to Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch.

**Phoebe:** All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.

**Rachel:** All right. Be sexy.

**Phoebe:** *(laughs)* Please.

*(She saunters over to Chandler with a mean pair of 'Come hither' eyes and she glares at Monica.)*

**Phoebe:** So Chandler, I-I'd love to come by tonight.

**Chandler:** *(initially worried, but gets over it)* Really?

**Phoebe:** Oh absolutely. Shall we say, around seven?

**Chandler:** Yes.

**Phoebe:** Good. I'm really looking forward to you and me having sexual [[Friends-词汇总表#intercourse\|intercourse]].

*(As she walks away, Chandler mouths a scream to Monica. How motions and mouths, "It's okay, it's okay.")*

**Joey:** *(looking out the window)* Hey-hey, check it out! Check it out! Ugly Naked Guy has a naked friend!

*(They all run over to the window.)*

**Rachel:** Oh yeah! *(She gasps.)* Oh my God! That is our friend! *(Monica covers her face.)* It's Naked Ross! *(Monica turns and buries her face in Chandler's shoulder.)*

**All:** Yeah, it is! Naked Ross!!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is getting Phoebe ready for her date.

**Rachel:** Show time!

**Phoebe:** Okay, Rachel, get me [[Friends-词汇总表#perfume\|perfume]]!

**Rachel:** Okay! *(She runs to get some.)*

**Phoebe:** And Joey, get me a [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of wine and glasses? *(He begrudgingly does so.)*

*(In the meantime, Rachel has returned with the perfume and sprays a mist out in front of Phoebe who walks through the mist and does a little spin.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Monica is getting Chandler ready for his half of the plan.

**Monica:** All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!

**Chandler:** Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her?

**Monica:** Relax, she-she's gonna give in way before you do!

**Chandler:** How do you know?!

**Monica:** Because you're on my team! And my team always wins!

**Chandler:** At this?!

**Monica:** Just go get some! *(Kisses him.)* Go! *(She runs to hide in the bathroom.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the hallway, Phoebe is outside getting some last minute instructions from Rachel.

**Rachel:** *(handing her the wine)* Okay honey, now I'm gonna try to listen from right here!

**Phoebe:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Okay? Whoa, wait! *(She undoes one button on Phoebe's dress.)*

**Phoebe:** Good idea!

**Rachel:** Yeah, oh wait! *(She goes for another one.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh now, don't give away the farm!

*(Phoebe knocks on the door with the wine and Chandler answers it. Rachel hides next to the door.)*

**Chandler:** Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Chandler.

**Chandler:** Come on in.

**Phoebe:** I was going too. *(They go inside and he closes the door.)* Umm, I brought some wine. Would you like some?

**Chandler:** Sure.

*(She makes a big show out of pulling out the cork and pours the wine.)*

**Phoebe:** So, here we are. Nervous?

**Chandler:** Me? No. You?

**Phoebe:** No, I want this to happen.

**Chandler:** So do I.

*(They click their glasses and take a sip. That sip turns into a gulp, which quickly progresses into their mutual draining of their glasses at once.)*

**Chandler:** I'm gonna put on some music.

**Phoebe:** Maybe, maybe I'll dance for you. *(She starts doing a rather suggestive and seductive dance that's silly at the same time.)*

**Chandler:** You look good.

**Phoebe:** Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] that [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vest]] right off!

**Chandler:** Well, why don't we move this into the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]?

**Phoebe:** Really?

**Chandler:** Oh, do you not want to?

**Phoebe:** No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]] on me.

**Chandler:** *(swallowing hard)* Well that would be nice. I'll go get the [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]].


> [!scene] Cut to the bathroom, Chandler is entering.

**Chandler:** Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]] on her!

**Monica:** She's [[Friends-词汇总表#bluff\|bluffing]]!

**Chandler:** Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! *(He does a little mimic of her dance.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the hallway where Phoebe is conferring with Rachel.

**Phoebe:** He's not backing down. He went to get [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]].

**Joey:** *(entering the hall)* Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!

**Rachel:** Joey look, just look at it this way, the [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.

**Joey:** Ooh!

**Rachel:** Okay!

**Joey:** I like that! *(To Phoebe)* Oh, okay! Show him your [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em! *(He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebe's dress revealing her bra.)*

**Phoebe:** Joey! *(Examining the dress.)* Wow, you didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] off any buttons.

**Joey:** It's not my first time.


> [!scene] Cut to the bathroom.

**Monica:** You go back out there and you [[Friends-词汇总表#seduce\|seduce]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] she [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|cracks]]!

**Chandler:** Okay, give me a second! *(Pause)* Did you clean up in here?

**Monica:** Of course.


> [!scene] Cut back to the living room. Chandler slowly exits the bathroom and gets pushed from behind by Monica and sees Phoebe closing the apartment door.)

**Chandler:** Oh, you're-you're going?

**Phoebe:** Umm, not without you, [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]]. *(She slowly walks over to him and is showcasing her bra.)* So, this is my [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]].

**Chandler:** *(swallowing hard)* It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.

**Phoebe:** You should be. I'm very [[Friends-词汇总表#bendy\|bendy]]. *(Pause)* I'm gonna kiss you now.

**Chandler:** Not if I kiss you first.

*(They move closer to together and Phoebe hesitantly puts her hand on Chandler's hip. He puts his hand on her left hip but then decides to put his hand on her left hip. Phoebe then grabs his butt. Chandler goes for her breast, but stops and puts his hand on her shoulder.)*

**Phoebe:** Ooh.

**Chandler:** Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.

**Phoebe:** Here it comes. Our first kiss.

*(They slowly and hesitantly move their lips together and kiss gently. Phoebe has her eyes wide open in shock and Chandler is squinting. He finally breaks the kiss after only a short while and pushes Phoebe away.)*

**Chandler:** Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!

**Phoebe:** And why not?!

**Chandler:** Because I'm in love with Monica!!

**Phoebe:** You're-you're what?!

*(Monica comes out of the bathroom like a bolt, and Rachel and Joey both enter.)*

**Chandler:** Love her! That's right, I…LOVE…HER!!! I love her!! *(They walk together and hug.)* I love you, Monica.

**Monica:** I love you too Chandler. *(They kiss.)*

**Phoebe:** I just—I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!

**Joey:** Dude!

**Chandler:** And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a [[Friends-词汇总表#competitor\|competitor]]. *(Pause)* And might I say your breasts are still showing.

**Phoebe:** God! *(She turns and buttons up.)*

**Joey:** All right! So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!

**Monica:** Well actually, Ross doesn't.

**Chandler:** Yes, and we'd [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it if no one told him yet.

*(Joey suddenly gets very angry.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's new apartment, he is showing his boss, Dr. Ledbetter his new place and new outlook on life.

**Ross:** A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, [[Friends-词汇总表#furnish\|furnished]]. Dr. Ledbetter: I must say it's nice to see you back on your feet.

**Ross:** Well I am that. And that whole [[Friends-词汇总表#rage\|rage]] thing is definitely behind me. Dr. Ledbetter: I wonder if its time for you to [[Friends-词汇总表#rejoin\|rejoin]] our team at the museum?

**Ross:** Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I—What? *(He notices something through the window.)* No! Wh… What are you doing?!! *(Dr. Ledbetter is slowly backing away.)* GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 7 | 254 | 104 | *Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 4 | 281 | 110 | *Bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 4 | 279 | 145 | *Oh yeah, they're totally gonna back down!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 4 | 219 | 100 | *You should be. I'm very bendy.  I'm gonna kiss you now.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 3 | 75 | 56 | *What's going on? Phoebe and Rachel: Ohhh!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 3 | 66 | 50 | *So umm, how-how are we gonna mess with them?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 2 | 81 | 53 | *Ironically, most of the boxes seem to be labeled clothes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or—O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 2 | 109 | 81 | *Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 2 | 99 | 81 | *Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or—O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my cookie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to tip the scal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding?!* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Relax, she-she's gonna give in way before you do!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *I like that!  Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor.  And might I say your breasts are still showing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me. Dr. Ledbetter: I wonder if its ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me. Dr. Ledbetter: I wonder if its ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I—What?  No! Wh… What a* |

### 常用词（52）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 6 | 39 | 27 | *Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 6 | 68 | 39 | *Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] | /'lɒ:ndri/ | n. 洗衣店, 洗好的衣服, 洗涤 | n. garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering | 4 | 32 | 12 | *You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or—O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 3 | 69 | 43 | *Ohh, I'm gonna miss that big old squishy butt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] | /rip/ | n. 裂痕, 破绽, 拉裂, 浪子, 巨浪 | n. an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart | 2 | 26 | 22 | *Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] | /'su:nә/ | n. (美)(非正式)抢先占有土地者, 抢先而获得不正当利益的人 | r. comparatives of `soon' or `early' | 2 | 16 | 11 | *Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 2 | 46 | 20 | *I like that!  Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *And we're done with the chicken fried rice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fry]] | /frai/ | n. 油炸食物, 鱼苗 | n. English painter and art critic (1866-1934) | 1 | 21 | 10 | *And we're done with the chicken fried rice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler!  Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey!  Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or—O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo! I can't take any more secrets!  I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *Well, you could use your position y'know as the roommate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] | /'kuki/ | n. 饼干, 小甜点 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my cookie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Hey! Ooh, wow that jacket looks great on you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things.  Are you okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] | /'bʌni/ | n. 兔子 | n. a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a | 1 | 32 | 17 | *Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charm]] | /tʃɑ:m/ | n. 吸引力, 魔力, 符咒 | n. something believed to bring good luck | 1 | 19 | 14 | *I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 1 | 33 | 24 | *No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to tip the scal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] | /baik/ | n. 自行车, 脚踏车 | n a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame | 1 | 37 | 14 | *That new mountain bike?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] | /'mʌfin/ | n. 松饼 | n. a sweet quick bread baked in a cup-shaped pan | 1 | 23 | 14 | *A basket of mini-muffins.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll nev* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll nev* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] | /.inә'prәupriәt/ | a. 不适当的, 不相称的 | a. not suitable for a particular occasion etc | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attract]] | /ә'trækt/ | vt. 吸引, 诱惑 | v. direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physi | 1 | 19 | 13 | *Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?* |
| uhhh |  | [网络] 让她说；我喜欢它；巴洛夫斯克机场 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.* |
| noooo |  | [网络] 豪炎寺甚至是麦克鸡；好机会；不要长大好了 |  | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Noooo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 1 | 34 | 19 | *Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|strike]] | /straik/ | n. 罢工, 打击, 殴打 | n. a group's refusal to work in protest against low pay or bad work conditions | 1 | 14 | 11 | *You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panic]] | /'pænik/ | n. 恐慌, 惊慌 | n. an overwhelming feeling of fear and anxiety | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Look at them, they're-they're panicked!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *And Joey, get me a bottle of wine and glasses?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *So, here we are. Nervous?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] | /til/ | prep. 直到, 在...以前, 迄 | n. unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay and grave | 1 | 17 | 15 | *You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|crack]] | /kræk/ | n. 裂缝, 爆裂声 | n. a long narrow opening | 1 | 19 | 17 | *You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *Umm, not without you, lover.  So, this is my bra.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.* |

### 低频词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bicep\|bicep]] | /baɪ'sep/ | [体]二头肌训练机 |  | 5 | 6 | 2 | *Yeah the material feels so soft—hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]] | /'lәuʃәn/ | n. 洗液 | n. any of various cosmetic preparations that are applied to the skin | 4 | 12 | 6 | *No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ledbetter\|ledbetter]] |  | n. (Ledbetter)人名；(英)莱德贝特 | n. United States folk singer and composer (1885-1949) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, fur* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ironically\|ironically]] |  | adv. 冷嘲地, 挖苦地, 讽刺地, 令人啼笑皆非地 | r. contrary to plan or expectation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ironically, most of the boxes seem to be labeled clothes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squishy\|squishy]] | /'skwiʃi/ | a. 湿软的, 粘糊糊的 | s easily squashed; resembling a sponge in having soft porous texture and compres | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ohh, I'm gonna miss that big old squishy butt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rice\|rice]] | /rais/ | n. 米, 米饭, 稻 | n. grains used as food either unpolished or more often polished | 1 | 9 | 5 | *And we're done with the chicken fried rice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grocery\|grocery]] | /'grәusәri/ | n. 食品杂货店, 食品杂货业 | n. (usually plural) consumer goods sold by a grocer | 1 | 8 | 7 | *You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or—O* |
| linda |  | n. 琳达（女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or—O* |
| ehhh |  | [网络] 呃；我不吃 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ehhh, no, I wanna do Phoebe's thing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedtime\|bedtime]] | /'bedtaim/ | n. 就寝时间 | n. the time you go to bed | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penguin\|penguin]] | /'pengwin/ | n. 企鹅, 空军地勤人员 | n. short-legged flightless birds of cold southern especially Antarctic regions h | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strongest\|strongest]] |  | a. 最强壮的（为strong的最高级） | a having strength or power greater than average or expected | 1 | 6 | 5 | *And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disposal\|disposal]] | /dis'pәuzәl/ | n. 丢掉, 处理, 排列, 销毁, 布置 | n. the power to use something or someone | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexuality\|sexuality]] | /.sekʃu'æliti/ | n. 性征, 性行为, 性欲 | n the properties that distinguish organisms on the basis of their reproductive r | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sip]] | /sip/ | n. 啜饮, 小口喝, 抿 | n. a small drink | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandfather\|grandfather]] | /'grændfɑ:ðә/ | n. 祖父, 始祖 | n. the father of your father or mother | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swedish\|swedish]] | /'swi:diʃ/ | n. 瑞典人, 瑞典语 | n. a Scandinavian language that is the official language of Sweden and one of tw | 1 | 9 | 5 | *Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cuter\|cuter]] |  | a. 可爱的；聪明的（cute的比较级） | s attractive especially by means of smallness or prettiness or quaintness | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Okay, now you're even cuter!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weirdest\|weirdest]] |  | 怪异的 | s suggesting the operation of supernatural influences | 1 | 9 | 7 | *The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foxy\|foxy]] | /'fɒksi/ | a. 如狐的, 狡猾的, 赤褐色的 | s marked by skill in deception | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexless\|sexless]] | /'sekslis/ | a. 无性的, 中性的, 无性别的, 缺乏性感的, 性欲冷淡的 | s. having no sexual desire | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstand]] | /.misʌndә'stænd/ | vt. 误解, 误会 | v interpret in the wrong way | 1 | 9 | 8 | *I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flex\|flex]] | /'fleks/ | vt. 弯曲, 伸缩, 折曲 | n. the act of flexing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well it's not flexed right now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sublet\|sublet]] | /.sʌb'let/ | v. 转租 | v. lease or rent all or part of (a leased or rented property) to another person | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#applicant\|applicant]] | /'æplikәnt/ | n. 申请者 | n. a person who requests or seeks something such as assistance or employment or  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ethical\|ethical]] | /'eθikәl/ | a. 伦理的, 民族的, 民族特有的 | a. of or relating to the philosophical study of ethics | 1 | 3 | 2 | *No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to tip the scal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bribe\|bribe]] | /braib/ | n. 贿赂 | n. payment made to a person in a position of trust to corrupt his judgment | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to tip the scal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pinball\|pinball]] | /'pinbɒ:l/ | n. 钉球戏, 弹球戏 | n. a game played on a sloping board; the object is to propel marbles against pin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] | /bәu.bau/ | n. 弓, 眼睛框 | n. a knot with two loops and loose ends; used to tie shoelaces | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pinch\|pinch]] | /pintʃ/ | n. 捏, 拧, 撮, 少量, 收缩, 挤压, 夹痛, 苦恼, 逮捕, 指控, 匮乏, 紧急关头 | n. a painful or straitened circumstance | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explanation\|explanation]] | /.eksplә'neiʃәn/ | n. 解释, 说明, 辩解, 表明 | n. a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant st | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!* |
| pinchable |  | [网络] 可收缩 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps—She knows!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bulge\|bulge]] | /bʌldʒ/ | n. 胀, 膨胀 | n. something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps—She knows!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biceps\|biceps]] | /'baiseps/ | n. 二头肌, 臂部肌肉 | n. any skeletal muscle having two origins (but especially the muscle that flexes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps—She knows!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slick\|slick]] | /slik/ | a. 光滑的, 熟练的, 聪明的, 华而不实的, 老套的, 陈腐的 | n. a magazine printed on good quality paper | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#messers\|messers]] |  | (messer 的复数) n. 梅塞尔集团 | plural of messer | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#torture\|torture]] | /'tɒ:tʃә/ | n. 拷问, 苦闷 | n. unbearable physical pain | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh Ross, honey you gotta stop torturing yourself!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hobby\|hobby]] | /'hɒbi/ | n. 嗜好, 癖好, 爱好 | n. a child's plaything consisting of an imitation horse mounted on rockers; the  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trampoline\|trampoline]] | /'træmpә,li:n, -lin; ,træmpә'li:n/ | n. 蹦床 | n. gymnastic apparatus consisting of a strong canvas sheet attached with springs | 1 | 2 | 2 | *That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gravity\|gravity]] | /'græviti/ | n. 地心引力, 重力 | n. (physics) the force of attraction between all masses in the universe; especia | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Well, he had gravity boots.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boot]] | /bu:t/ | n. 长靴, 踢, 解雇, 效用 | n. footwear that covers the whole foot and lower leg | 1 | 31 | 9 | *Well, he had gravity boots.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intrigue\|intrigue]] | /in'tri:g/ | n. 阴谋, 复杂的事 | n. a crafty and involved plot to achieve your (usually sinister) ends | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fierce\|fierce]] | /fiәs/ | a. 凶猛的, 猛烈的, 热烈的, 暴躁的 | s. marked by extreme intensity of emotions or convictions; inclined to react vio | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#applaud\|applaud]] | /ә'plɒ:d/ | v. 拍手喝彩, 称赞, 赞同 | v. clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intercourse\|intercourse]] | /'intәkɒ:s/ | n. 交往, 交流 | n. communication between individuals | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Good. I'm really looking forward to you and me having sexual intercourse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfume\|perfume]] | /'pә:fju:m/ | n. 香水, 香气, (悦人的)气氛, 美名 | n. a toiletry that emits and diffuses a fragrant odor | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Okay, Rachel, get me perfume!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vest]] | /vest/ | n. 背心, 汗背心 | n. a man's sleeveless garment worn underneath a coat | 1 | 9 | 4 | *Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bluff\|bluff]] | /blʌf/ | n. 断崖, 绝壁, 吓唬 | n. a high steep bank (usually formed by river erosion) | 1 | 4 | 3 | *She's bluffing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seduce\|seduce]] | /si'dju:s/ | vt. 唆使, 怂恿, 引诱, 诱奸 | v. induce to have sex | 1 | 5 | 4 | *You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bendy\|bendy]] | /'bendi/ | a. 易弯曲的,柔韧的 | a. Divided into an even number of bends; -- said of a shield or | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You should be. I'm very bendy.  I'm gonna kiss you now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#competitor\|competitor]] | /kәm'petitә/ | n. 竞争者 | n the contestant you hope to defeat | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor.  And might I say your breasts are still showing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#furnish\|furnish]] | /'fә:niʃ/ | vt. 供给, 提供, 装设 | v. provide or equip with furniture | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, fur* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rage\|rage]] | /reidʒ/ | n. 愤怒, 情绪激动, 狂暴 | n. a state of extreme anger | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me. Dr. Ledbetter: I wonder if its ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rejoin\|rejoin]] | /ri'dʒɒin/ | vt. 使再结合, 再加入, 回答 | v. join again | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me. Dr. Ledbetter: I wonder if its ti* |
| donald | /'dɔnәld/ | n. 唐纳德（男子名） |  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I—What?  No! Wh… What a* |
