---
season: 5
episode: "19"
title: "The One Where Ross Can't Flirt"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E19 — The One Where Ross Can't Flirt

*Written by: Doty Abrams*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is getting ready for a date with Monica as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Ross:** Wow! You look nice. What's the [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]]?

**Chandler:** Monica and I are [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrating]] our ten-month [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]], we've got [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservations]] at Ja George.

**Ross:** Wow! How'd you get in there?

**Chandler:** Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] and didn't get [[Friends-词汇总表#desert\|desert]].

*(There's a knock on the door and Chandler answers it. It's the pizza delivery girl.)*

**Delivery Girl:** Hi Chandler!

**Chandler:** Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a [[Friends-词汇总表#haircut\|haircut]].

**Caitlin:** Ugh, I hate it! I look like an 8-year-old boy.

**Chandler:** Yeah, if that was true, [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] class would've been a lot more interesting.

**Caitlin:** It's uh, 27 dollars even.

**Chandler:** Oh, okay. *(Hands her the money.)* Here you go.

*(The duck starts quacking.)*

**Caitlin:** Hey, where's the [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]]?

**Chandler:** Oh, he's in the back. The [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|pissed]] him off, said that [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]] came first.

**Caitlin:** *(laughs)* Great. I'll see you later!

**Chandler:** Okay, bye!

*(He closes the door and turns to see Ross glaring at him.)*

**Ross:** What the hell was that?!

**Chandler:** What?

**Ross:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]]! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!

**Chandler:** I was not [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]].

**Ross:** It was totally [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]]. "Somebody got a [[Friends-词汇总表#haircut\|haircut]] *(Makes some whiney, nasally noises.)*"

**Chandler:** Okay first of all, the [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]], [[Friends-词汇总表#uncanny\|uncanny]]. And second, that was not [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]], that was just [[Friends-词汇总表#casual\|casual]] [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] between two people. That is all.

**Ross:** Yeah, right.

**Chandler:** You wanna see [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]]? I'll show you flirting. *(Starts to move towards Ross.)*

**Ross:** *(backing away)* I'm good.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Phoebe are in the kitchen.

**Rachel:** I am so [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law & Order!

**Phoebe:** I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?

**Rachel:** No because first they [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrest]] the guy and then they try him.

**Phoebe:** Don't get me started on that.

*(Ross and Chandler enter with the pizzas.)*

**Chandler:** I was not [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]].

**Ross:** And on your [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]], for [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]]!

**Rachel:** What's going on?

**Ross:** Chandler was hitting on the hot delivery girl!

**Chandler:** I was not and oh God, shh!

**Ross:** Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.

**Phoebe:** Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.

**Ross:** Well…

**Chandler:** Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?

*(Ross looks at Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other people.

**Ross:** Well, I-I was watching her the other day at the [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] place.

**Rachel:** Hm-mmm.

**Ross:** And she's just so sexy and funny and has the [[Friends-词汇总表#cutest\|cutest]] little…

**Rachel:** Okay, y'know what? We don't need her [[Friends-词汇总表#measurement\|measurements]].

**Phoebe:** *(looking through the pizzas)* Okay [[Friends-词汇总表#pepperoni\|pepperoni]], pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]]!

**Ross:** This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]], and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]].

**Phoebe:** See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.

**Joey:** *(entering, with his grandmother)* Hey everybody, look who's here! You remember my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]!

**Rachel:** Big night!

**Phoebe:** This is so cool!

**Chandler:** So, Joey on Law & Order, you must be very [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]]!

**Joey:** Chandler, she doesn't understand a word of English.

**Chandler:** I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]. *(She just stares at him.)* I've done it again.

**Joey:** She's my [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] fan. Yeah, she's the only one in the family that's believed in me.

*(They both start speaking Italian to each other, and since I'm not Italian and don't understand one word, we'll move on to the English portion of the show. Not, that I'm English. Not that there's anything wrong with that, it's just that I'm not. Y'know I think I should shut-up now and move on. Anyhoo, she says something about Joey being fat I think based on this line.)*

**Joey:** Yeah, I uh weighted like 27 [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]] when I was born so…

**Monica:** *(entering from the bathroom)* Hey! Happy Anniversary!

**Chandler:** Happy Anniversary, 10 months! *(They kiss.)*

**Monica:** So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London…

**Chandler:** Uhh, Joey's [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] is right there. *(Points)*

**Monica:** Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?

**Chandler:** The one that doesn't.

**Monica:** That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.

**Chandler:** Hey, why don't you wear those [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]] I gave you?

**Monica:** That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** *(runs over to Phoebe)* You have got to go home!

**Phoebe:** But I like it here!

**Monica:** You gotta go home and get the [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]] that you [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.

**Phoebe:** Okay, well I think that they're in my [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.

**Monica:** Great!

**Phoebe:** Okay! *(Walks over to Rachel)* Rach, hi, I need those [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]].

**Rachel:** Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back. *(Goes to her room.)*

*(Phoebe then gets possessed 'cause she starts speaking in tongues. She speaks Italian to Joey's grandmother. She is quickly exorcised and returns to speaking in English. Of course, too most people English is a strange language as well. But none of them are probably reading this and if they were they wouldn't understand it. So why am I talking about them? I have absolutely no clue. Moving on…)*

**Joey:** Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?

**Phoebe:** I guess so. *(See, the brief possession didn't affect her at all, like we could really tell.)*

**Rachel:** *(She enters and hands Phoebe the earring)* Here you go. Thank you!

**Phoebe:** Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?

**Rachel:** Oh what, you-you want both of them?

**Phoebe:** Rachel Karen Green, where's the other [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earring]]?!

**Rachel:** Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.

**Phoebe:** Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!

**Rachel:** Tell her to wear her own [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]].

**Phoebe:** These are her [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]].

**Rachel:** Nooo! Nooooo! You [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lent]] me Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]]?! I'm not allowed to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] her stuff!

**Phoebe:** Why not?

**Rachel:** Because I lose her stuff!


> [!scene] Time Lapse, the gang is now watching Law & Order. By the way, the entire rest of the episode takes place in Monica and Rachel's apartment. Why are they called apartments when they're all stuck together? Something to think about.

**Joey:** Okay, see that [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] guy right there? I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#bash\|bash]] his head in later.

*(His grandmother asks him something.)*

**Joey:** Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.

**Chandler:** If you said, "Big [[Friends-词汇总表#lima\|lima]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bean\|bean]], [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubbling]] up." Would she understand the difference?

**Monica:** *(noticing Rachel crawling behind the couch)* Rach? What are you doing?

**Rachel:** Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]]!

**Monica:** It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] commercial.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!!

*(There's a knock on the door.)*

**Caitlin:** Pizza delivery!

**Ross:** I'll get it! I will get that! *(Runs over and opens the door.)*

**Caitlin:** Hi!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Caitlin:** One uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]. That's $12.15.

**Ross:** Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.

**Caitlin:** What?!

**Ross:** *(I can't make it out.)* The uh, your hair, before, your hair, you said you thought your looks like an 8-year-old's, and I'm just saying I like it. The hair.

**Caitlin:** Oh. Thanks.

**Ross:** You understand I don't actually like 8-year-old boys.

**Caitlin:** Y'know, all I'm looking for is the money.

**Chandler:** Here you go. *(Hands her the money.)* Now stop bringing us [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizzas]] you.

**Caitlin:** I'm gonna try. *(Walks away and Ross closes the door.)*

**Chandler:** You're welcome.

**Ross:** You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!

**Chandler:** What?

**Ross:** This is a girl that I really like and had too [[Friends-词汇总表#swoop\|swoop]] in there!

**Monica:** What's goin' on?

**Ross:** Chandler was totally [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]] with the hot delivery girl!

**Chandler:** Thank you for that! *(To Monica)* I was not [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]].

**Monica:** It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.

**Ross:** Really?!

**Chandler:** Really?!

**Monica:** It's no big deal, I do it all the time.

**Chandler:** *(starts to laugh, but then gets serious)* So umm, you-you [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] with guys all the time?

**Monica:** Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!

**Chandler:** Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot [[Friends-词汇总表#hotter\|hotter]] than I am.

**Joey:** *(walking past)* True story! *(Goes and sits down.)*

**Monica:** Chandler, this actually [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothers]] you?

**Chandler:** Yes, it does [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirted]] with other women?

**Rachel:** Uhh, no, no, it [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothered]] me when he slept with other women.

**Ross:** And thank you, for that.

**Rachel:** But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]] thing.

**Ross:** What? *(Mumbles)* What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.

**Rachel:** Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirted]] and then bamn [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] years later you had me!

**Ross:** All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]]. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! *(To Chandler)* And not the one on the menu!

**Phoebe:** *(entering from Rachel's bedroom)* I found it!

**Rachel:** Ohh! Thank God! Where was it?

**Phoebe:** On your [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]].

**Rachel:** Okay that is the one we already have!

**Joey:** Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! *(They have two of the cops on the street, then they cut to where they're entering an apartment.)* Oh my God.

**Monica:** What?

**Joey:** *(smiling)* Okay, everybody just keep [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]]. It'll kill my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] if she finds out.

**Chandler:** *(smiling)* Well, what is it?

**Joey:** *(smiling)* Oh, they cut me out of the show.

**Rachel:** *(smiling)* What?!

**Ross:** *(smiling)* Are you sure?

**Phoebe:** *(smiling)* Maybe your scene's coming up?

**Joey:** *(smiling)* Not likely.  'Cause you see that body bag right there

**Rachel:** *(smiling)* Yeah.

**Joey:** *(smiling)* I'm in it.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, it's continued from before the commercial break.

**Phoebe:** *(smiling)* This is terrible, what are you going to do?

**Joey:** *(smiling)* I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.

**Phoebe:** *(not smiling)* That's not good.

**Joey:** *(smiling)* No, [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]]! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile! *(They all smile.)*

**Rachel:** *(smiling)* Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]].

**Chandler:** *(smiling)* If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?

**Grandma Tribbiani:** *(Something in Italian to Joey.)*

**Joey:** Soon, soon, I'm gonna be on soon. There I am! *(Points to the screen, of course it isn't him.)*

**Grandma Tribbiani:** *(pointing at the screen)* No! Sam Waterston!

**Joey:** No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me.

**Grandma Tribbiani:** No, it's Sam Waterston! Crimes and Misdemeanors, Capricorn One.

**Chandler:** Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One.

*(Phoebe gets up.)*

**Monica:** *(following her)* Phoebe! I have to have those [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]], we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.

**Phoebe:** But I already gave them back to you!

**Monica:** No you didn't.

**Phoebe:** All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said.

*(Walks away over to Rachel.) Where is that other earring?*

**Rachel:** It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay! *(Goes to the door.)*

**Phoebe:** Make sure you check Chandler's jewelry box.

**Rachel:** Wait a minute. Chandler has a jewelry box?

**Phoebe:** Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!

*(Rachel heads for Joey and Chandler's and Phoebe heads for the kitchen to find Ross.)*

**Ross:** *(To Phoebe)* Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] working out for ya? You and those [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetable\|vegetables]] have a real thing going on, huh?

**Phoebe:** *(she just looks at him)* Why are you being weird?

**Ross:** Do you like it?

**Phoebe:** No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"

**Ross:** Okay, I'm working on my [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]].

**Phoebe:** Ohh! I did not get that.


> [!scene] Cut to Chandler and Monica on the couch.

**Chandler:** So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law & Order?

**Monica:** Yeah, it's good.

**Chandler:** See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirted]] with every guy in the Tri-State area!

**Monica:** Chandler! *(Joey and his grandmother shush them and wave them away, which they do.)* Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]], but not for me.

**Chandler:** Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.

**Monica:** Go on, [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] me something about men and women.

**Chandler:** Okay, I've already [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] you so much already, but whatever. See when you [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"

**Monica:** No way!

**Chandler:** It's true.

**Monica:** Well that's [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]]!

**Chandler:** Again true.

**Monica:** And this goes for all guys?

**Chandler:** All guys that are [[Friends-词汇总表#awake\|awake]]. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and [[Friends-词汇总表#behave\|behave]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] same way.

**Joey:** *(To Ross in the kitchen)* All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!

**Ross:** Joey! This is like the last commercial. You've got like *(checks his watch)* ten minutes left!

**Joey:** I know, I know! What am I going to do? *(Thinks)* Ooh!

**Monica:** No! You are not gonna run out and leave her here!

**Joey:** *(dejected)* Yeah, all right. *(Thinks of something.)* Ooh! *(He quickly runs out before anyone can stop him.)*

**Grandma Tribbiani:** Joey!

**Chandler:** Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! *(Tries to pantomime it for her.)* Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. *(Pause.)* So, you're old and small.


> [!scene] Time lapse, Rachel is coming back from Chandler and Joey's.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* *(To Phoebe)* *(whispering)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Did you find it?

**Rachel:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earring]]? No. But look, I found my [[Friends-词汇总表#sunglass\|sunglasses]] under the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]! I've been looking for these since like last summer. *(Puts 'em on.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, those are my [[Friends-词汇总表#sunglass\|sunglasses]], you [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] them from me.

**Rachel:** Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down, here they are. *(Gives back the sunglasses.)*

**Monica:** *(entering from her room)* Phoebe! *(Motions for the earrings. Phoebe gives her the one-minute sign.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Rachel)* What are we going to do?!

**Rachel:** I don't know, I don't know.

**Phoebe:** All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.

**Rachel:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], she's going to kill me.

**Phoebe:** I suppose I could tell her it's just all my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]].

**Rachel:** Ohh that'd be great!

**Phoebe:** Mon, can I talk to you for a sec?

**Monica:** Yeah, what is it?

**Phoebe:** Umm, I lost one of your [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]]. I'm sorry! I am so, so sorry!

**Monica:** *(shocked)* Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.

**Phoebe:** I will [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] it, I promise. I feel so terrible.

**Monica:** All right, sweetie that's fine. You didn't do it on purpose.

**Phoebe:** No.

**Monica:** Look at you! Come here! *(They hug.)* Feel better?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! You're the best!

**Rachel:** Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. She [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lent]] me the [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]], and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too. *(Holds out her arms for a hug.)*

**Monica:** *(angrily)* That is exactly why I do not [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] you stuff!! *(Rachel looks over at Phoebe in resignation.)* Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]]! And if it's not my sweater, it's my [[Friends-词汇总表#sunglass\|sunglasses]]!

**Rachel:** Your [[Friends-词汇总表#sunglass\|sunglasses]]?!

**Monica:** Yes!

**Phoebe:** Oh, right! *(Hands Monica back her sunglasses.)*

**Caitlin:** *(from outside)* Pizza!

**Ross:** *(running to the door)* Oh, mine! Mine! Mine! *(to everyone)* Okay, here goes. Prepare [[Friends-词汇总表#yourselves\|yourselves]] for some Class A [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]].

**Chandler:** Okay, hold on. *(Pauses as he readies himself.)* Okay. *(Walks away.)*

**Rachel:** Honey, you have nothing to [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]]. And if you really like this girl, I don't [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]] is the right thing to… *(Ross interrupts and shushes her.)*

**Ross:** You'll see. Okay. *(Readies himself.)* Oh, what's-what's her name?

**All:** Caitlin!

**Grandma Tribbiani:** Caitlin!

**Ross:** *(He opens the door while faking a laugh.)* Hey! Oh, we-we can't keep eating like this. *(Monica turns her head in shame.)*

**Caitlin:** It's uh, $12.50.

**Ross:** Okay, *(gets the money)* so, do you make the [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizzas]] in one of those uh, wood-[[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|ovens]]?

**Caitlin:** No actually umm, I think that they're umm, gas.

**Ross:** Gas? Wow! Intense.

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* If this is the way all the Gellers [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]], we don't have a problem.

**Ross:** *(to Caitlin)* Hey uh, y'know that smell gas has?

**Caitlin:** *(wanting more than anything to get the money and leave this horrible, horrible place)* Yeah.

**Ross:** They put that in.

**Caitlin:** What?!

**Ross:** The gas is [[Friends-词汇总表#odorless\|odorless]], but they add the smell so you know when there's a [[Friends-词汇总表#leak\|leak]].

**Caitlin:** *(getting more desperate to leave)* Well okay!

**Ross:** A lot of other gas smells…

**Chandler:** Oh the [[Friends-词汇总表#humanity\|humanity]].

**Ross:** Meth-methane smells…

**Caitlin:** Y'know what umm, actually I, I really, I should go.

**Ross:** Oh but I-I-I haven't paid you yet!

**Caitlin:** Y'know what? That's okay, you guys have ordered so many that this one is on me! *(Runs for her life.)*

*(Ross closes the door slowly.)*

**Ross:** *(To All)* Was I talking to her about gas?

**Chandler:** More so than anything else.

**Phoebe:** I-I-I found it interesting.

**Rachel:** I'm sorry.

**Ross:** Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] years, she and I will be right there. *(Goes and sits on the couch dejectedly.)*

**Rachel:** Okay, well, I'm gonna clear out some of these boxes. *(She grabs a couple of the old pizza boxes and exits.)*

**Phoebe:** *(walking over to Ross)* Ross?

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** What else do they add smell too?


> [!scene] Scene: The street outside the building, Rachel is running to catch up with Caitlin.

**Rachel:** Hey! Hey! *(Stops Caitlin)* Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]]? The ones with all the [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]?

**Caitlin:** Oh, is there a problem?

**Rachel:** No. No. Every thing's--they're fine. Great [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]. But it's uh, actually umm my friend Ross. He uh, just gets really [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] when he's [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]].

**Caitlin:** Oh my God! That was [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]]?!

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Caitlin:** Wow!

**Rachel:** I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.

**Caitlin:** The guy with the gas?!

**Rachel:** Yeah. I'm-I'm telling you he's really sweet and he's really funny and he's just ugh, got a good heart. And [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]], I y'know, I think he really likes you.

**Caitlin:** Really?!

**Rachel:** Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizzas]], what do you think?

**Caitlin:** I just, I thought Joey was there.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe, Chandler, and Joey's grandmother are still watching Law & Order.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] and-and uh, you must be getting better at this [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]] stuff than I thought.

**Ross:** What do you mean?

**Rachel:** Well, I don't get it, but she wanted me to give you her phone number.

*(Hands him the slip of paper with the phone number on it.)*

**Ross:** And she just gave you this?

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Ross:** Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favors]].

**Rachel:** I-I-I didn't! I didn't! She thought you were cute.

**Ross:** Well that I can believe.

**Rachel:** Yay!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey! Is the show still on?

**Chandler:** Almost over man.

**Joey:** *(says hi to his grandma)* Look! Oh! *(Pointing out the window.)* Is that the Pope?! *(Chandler and his grandma turn to look and Joey slips a tape into the VCR.)*

**Chandler:** Why am I looking?

**Joey:** Oh, here I am, here's my big scene!

*(Joey has made a little home movie that's his big scene. He braces himself against the door to his apartment and while holding a plastic gun and wearing the same sweater says…)*

**Joey:** *(on the tape)* All right back off! I gotta [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]]! I'm not afraid to use it!

**Grandma Tribbiani:** Oh Joey!

**Joey:** That's right!

**Chandler:** You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.

**Joey:** *(on the tape)* Now, I wanna a [[Friends-词汇总表#suitcase\|suitcase]] filled with 100,000 dollars. *(The duck quacks, to the duck)* Choo! Choo! Choo! *(To the imaginary cops)* Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it…*(the duck quacks louder)* Choo!! And if I don't get it, *(pause, picks up the duck)* I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh no!

**Joey:** *(on the tape)* I'm comin' out! *(He opens the door and hops out pointing the gun in all directions and then runs out of view.)*

**Ross:** *(To Phoebe)* And she's supposed to buy this?!

**Grandma Tribbiani:** Joey, bravo! *(Starts with that Italian stuff again.)*

*(Suddenly, the tape cuts away from Joey's impromptu scene, to Chandler standing really, really close to the camera.)*

**Chandler:** *(singing)* Ground control to Major Tom! Commencing [[Friends-词汇总表#countdown\|countdown]]…engines…on!

*(Joey and Chandler both run to shut off the tape.)*

**Joey:** *(to his grandmother)* That's uh, scenes from next week's show. Next week's!

**Phoebe:** I am definitely gonna watch that! Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, another time lapse, Monica is seeking advice from Rachel and Phoebe about possible replacement earrings.

**Monica:** What about these? These look the same?

**Phoebe:** Definitely!

**Monica:** Not as each other!

**Phoebe:** Oh, then no.

*(Goes over to Chandler.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hi!

**Chandler:** You ready?

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** You look amazing. I'm the [[Friends-词汇总表#luckiest\|luckiest]] man in the world.

**Monica:** Ohh, you're about to get a little [[Friends-词汇总表#luckier\|luckier]].

**Chandler:** Let me see the [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]].

**Monica:** Oh, honey, the [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]]…

**Chandler:** *(looking at them)* They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] or what?

**Monica:** My boyfriend really does have good [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]]!

*(He turns to get his coat and Monica gives Rachel and Phoebe two thumbs up as Chandler walks over to Ross.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Ross)* Thanks for [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] out the [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earrings]] man.

**Ross:** Hm-mmm.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（40）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 4 | 209 | 116 | *Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 3 | 96 | 75 | *Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 3 | 95 | 64 | *This is terrible, what are you going to do?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 3 | 180 | 101 | *Oh, mine! Mine! Mine!  Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 3 | 109 | 68 | *Hey uh, y'know that smell gas has?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *It was totally flirting. "Somebody got a haircut "* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 2 | 99 | 81 | *Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Okay, everybody just keep smiling. It'll kill my grandmother if she finds out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Ugh, I hate it! I look like an 8-year-old boy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Okay, bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell was that?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *I guess so.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Because I lose her stuff!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Live* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Why are you being weird?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *I will replace it, I promise. I feel so terrible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!!  Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *All right back off! I gotta gun! I'm not afraid to use it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.* |

### 常用词（57）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] | /flә:t/ | n. 卖弄风骚的人, 急动, 急扔 | n. playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest | 17 | 32 | 13 | *The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 10 | 73 | 42 | *Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] | /æni'vә:sәri/ | n. 周年纪念 | n. the date on which an event occurred in some previous year (or the celebration | 4 | 39 | 11 | *Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 4 | 68 | 39 | *Hey everybody, look who's here! You remember my grandmother!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] | /.vedʒi'tєәriәn/ | n. 素食者, 食草动物 | n. eater of fruits and grains and nuts; someone who eats no meat or fish or (oft | 3 | 16 | 11 | *Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 3 | 62 | 47 | *You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 3 | 44 | 41 | *Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 3 | 42 | 36 | *No, smile! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 3 | 81 | 49 | *Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your fault.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 2 | 74 | 39 | *Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 2 | 63 | 32 | *Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 2 | 36 | 30 | *I am so proud of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law & Order!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 2 | 47 | 38 | *Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 2 | 32 | 24 | *Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 2 | 43 | 27 | *That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!!  Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 2 | 46 | 34 | *They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservation]] | /.rezә'veiʃәn/ | n. 保留, 预定, 保留品, 保留地 | n. a district that is reserved for particular purpose | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] | /dʒim/ | n. +体育馆, 体育训练, 体育课, 体操 | n athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training | 1 | 33 | 23 | *Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|piss]] | /pis/ | vi. 小便, 下大雨, 抱怨 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1 | 38 | 20 | *Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] | /im'preʃәn/ | n. 印象, 意念, 盖印, 印记, 印数, 底色, 效果 | n. a vague idea in which some confidence is placed | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] | /ʃeim/ | n. 羞耻, 羞愧, 耻辱 | n. a painful emotion resulting from an awareness of inadequacy or guilt | 1 | 16 | 14 | *And on your anniversary, for shame!* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *I was not and oh God, shh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 1 | 28 | 21 | *She's my biggest fan. Yeah, she's the only one in the family that's believed in me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Yeah, I uh weighted like 27 pounds when I was born so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 1 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!* |
| nooooo |  | [网络] 是我自作多情；天哪；脑无 |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubble]] | /'bʌbl/ | n. 泡沫 | n. a hollow globule of gas (e.g., air or carbon dioxide) | 1 | 20 | 16 | *If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] | /'daiәpә/ | n. 尿布 | n. garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened a | 1 | 21 | 14 | *It's a diaper commercial.* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!!* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 1 | 56 | 32 | *What's goin' on?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 1 | 31 | 26 | *I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Live* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Go on, teach me something about men and women.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pathetic\|pathetic]] | /pә'θetik/ | a. 悲哀的, 可怜的, 感伤的, 差劲的 | s. inspiring mixed contempt and pity | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Well that's pathetic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] | /ig'zækt/ | a. 精确的, 准确的, 精密的 | a. marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact | 1 | 21 | 19 | *All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Okay, calm down, here they are.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] | /ri'pleis/ | vt. 代替, 替换, 放回, 归还 | v. substitute a person or thing for (another that is broken or inefficient or lo | 1 | 10 | 10 | *I will replace it, I promise. I feel so terrible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepare]] | /pri'pєә/ | vt. 准备, 筹备, 使在思想上有准备, 制造, 调制 | v. to prepare verbally, either for written or spoken delivery | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh, mine! Mine! Mine!  Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] | /'ʌvәn/ | n. 烤箱, 灶, 子宫 | n. kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting | 1 | 23 | 16 | *Okay,  so, do you make the pizzas in one of those uh, wood-burning ovens?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] | /in'tens/ | a. 非常的, 强烈的, 紧张的, 热情的 | a. possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Gas? Wow! Intense.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Hey! Hey!  Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From upstairs? The ones with all the pizza?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *No. No. Every thing's--they're fine. Great pizza. But it's uh, actually umm my friend Ross. He uh, j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] | /'hɔ:lwei/ | n. 门厅；玄关；走廊 | n. an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the hallway and-and uh, you must be getting better at this* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] | /gʌn/ | n. 枪 | n. a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal  | 1 | 22 | 16 | *All right back off! I gotta gun! I'm not afraid to use it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars.  Choo! Choo! Choo!  Filled with $100,000 in sma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]] |  | n. (Comin)人名；(西、意)科明；(法)科曼 |  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *I'm comin' out!* |

### 低频词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earring\|earring]] | /'iәriŋ/ | n. 耳环, 耳饰 | n. jewelry to ornament the ear; usually clipped to the earlobe or fastened throu | 11 | 20 | 9 | *Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?* |
| caitlin |  | n. 凯特琳（女子名） |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a haircut.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sunglass\|sunglass]] | /'sʌnglæs/ | n. 凸透镜, 太阳眼镜 | n. a convex lens that focuses the rays of the sun; used to start a fire | 4 | 7 | 4 | *The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#choo\|choo]] |  | n. (Choo)人名；(泰)初 |  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars.  Choo! Choo! Choo!  Filled with $100,000 in sma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pepperoni\|pepperoni]] | /ˌpepəˈrəʊni/ | n. 意大利辣香肠 | n. a pork and beef sausage (or a thin slice of this sausage) | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haircut\|haircut]] | /'hєәkʌt/ | n. 理发, (男子的)发式 | n. the style in which hair has been cut | 2 | 10 | 9 | *Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a haircut.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] | /lend/ | vt. 借, 贷款给, 增添, 提供, 出租 | v. bestow a quality on | 2 | 9 | 7 | *Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]] | /ә'keiʒәn/ | n. 场合, 时机, 机会, 诱因, 理由 | n. reason | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Wow! You look nice. What's the occasion?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#desert\|desert]] | /'dezәt. di'sә:t/ | n. 沙漠, 应得的赏罚, 功劳 | n. arid land with little or no vegetation | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncanny\|uncanny]] | /.ʌn'kæni/ | a. 怪诞的, 可怕的, 离奇的, 神秘的 | s suggesting the operation of supernatural influences | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#casual\|casual]] | /'kæʒjuәl/ | a. 偶然的, 不经意的, 便装的 | s. marked by blithe unconcern | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrest]] | /ә'rest/ | n. 逮捕, 监禁 | n. the state of inactivity following an interruption | 1 | 8 | 7 | *No because first they arrest the guy and then they try him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cutest\|cutest]] |  | 装腔作势的（cute的最高级） | a separated into parts or laid open or penetrated with a sharp edge or instrumen | 1 | 4 | 4 | *And she's just so sexy and funny and has the cutest little…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#measurement\|measurement]] | /'meʒәdmәnt/ | n. 尺寸, 度量, 度量单位 | n. the act or process of assigning numbers to phenomena according to a rule | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarianism\|vegetarianism]] | /vedʒi'teәriәniz(ә)m/ | n. 素食主义 | n. a diet excluding all meat and fish | 1 | 1 | 1 | *See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#karen\|karen]] | /'kɑ:rәn/ | n. 凯伦（人名）；克伦邦（缅甸邦名） | n. the Tibeto-Burman language spoken in the Thailand and Burmese borderlands | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bash\|bash]] | /bæʃ/ | v. 猛击, 打坏 | n. an uproarious party | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lima\|lima]] | /'li:mә/ | n. 利马（秘鲁首都） | n. capital and largest city and economic center of Peru; located in western Peru | 1 | 2 | 2 | *If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bean\|bean]] | /bi:n/ | n. 豆子 | n. any of various edible seeds of plants of the family Leguminosae used for food | 1 | 13 | 8 | *If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swoop\|swoop]] | /swu:p/ | n. 俯冲, 攫取 | n. (music) rapid sliding up or down the musical scale | 1 | 11 | 8 | *This is a girl that I really like and had too swoop in there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hotter\|hotter]] | /'hɔtә(r)/ | a. 热的；热烈的 | a used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or g | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.* |
| bamn |  | [网络] 通过一切意味着必要(By All Means Necessary) |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]] | /'dresә/ | n. 化妆台, (剧团)服装师, 碗柜 | n. a person who dresses in a particular way | 1 | 7 | 7 | *On your dresser.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#capricorn\|capricorn]] | /'kæprikɔ:n/ | n. 摩羯宫；摩羯座（等于Capricornus） | n. (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Capricorn | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetable\|vegetable]] | /'vedʒәtәbl/ | n. 蔬菜, 植物, 无精打采之人 | n. edible seeds or roots or stems or leaves or bulbs or tubers or nonsweet fruit | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awake\|awake]] | /ә'weik/ | a. 醒着的 | a. not in a state of sleep; completely conscious | 1 | 15 | 9 | *All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#behave\|behave]] | /bi'heiv/ | vi. 举止端正, 行为规矩 | v. behave in a certain manner | 1 | 9 | 7 | *All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meanwhile\|meanwhile]] | /'mi:nhwail/ | n. 其时, 其间 | r. at the same time but in another place | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back!  Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you.  So, you'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yourselves\|yourselves]] | /jɔ:'selvz,jjә-,jә-/ | pron. 你们自己 | pl.  of Yourself | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh, mine! Mine! Mine!  Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gellers\|gellers]] |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 12 | 6 | *If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odorless\|odorless]] | /'әudәlis/ | a. 无嗅的, 没有气味的 | a. having no odor | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leak\|leak]] | /li:k/ | n. 漏洞, 漏处, 漏出, 泄漏 | n. an accidental hole that allows something (fluid or light etc.) to enter or es | 1 | 4 | 3 | *The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humanity\|humanity]] | /hju:'mæniti/ | n. 人性, 人类, 博爱 | n. the quality of being humane | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh the humanity.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pope\|pope]] | /pәup/ | n. 罗马教皇, 主教 | n. the head of the Roman Catholic Church | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Look! Oh!  Is that the Pope?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suitcase\|suitcase]] | /'sju:tkeis/ | n. 手提箱 | n a portable rectangular container for carrying clothes | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars.  Choo! Choo! Choo!  Filled with $100,000 in sma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commence\|commence]] | /kә'mens/ | v. (使)开始, 得学位 | v take the first step or steps in carrying out an action | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ground control to Major Tom! Commencing countdown…engines…on!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luckiest\|luckiest]] |  | 幸运的（lucky的最高级） | s occurring by chance | 1 | 5 | 5 | *You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luckier\|luckier]] |  | 幸运的（lucky的比较级） | s occurring by chance | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ohh, you're about to get a little luckier.* |
