---
season: 5
episode: "07"
title: "The One Where Ross Moves In"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E07 — The One Where Ross Moves In

*Written by: Perry Rein & Gigi McCreery*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are there. Joey is looking at a National Geographic and giggling.

**Chandler:** Are you looking at naked tribe's women?

**Joey:** No, look. *(Shows him the magazine.)*

**Chandler:** That's a [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]].

**Joey:** I know, I know, but look at the [[Friends-词汇总表#knob\|knobs]] on her.

*(Ross enters and his hair is a mess.)*

**Chandler:** Hey! *(Joey quickly hides the magazine under the couch.)*

**Ross:** Emily's [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] kicked me out!

**Chandler:** What?!

**Joey:** Why?

**Ross:** Well, when you're [[Friends-词汇总表#sublet\|subletting]] an apartment from your wife's [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] wants his apartment back.

**Chandler:** How can he do that? Didn't you sign a [[Friends-词汇总表#lease\|lease]]?

**Ross:** Who needs a [[Friends-词汇总表#lease\|lease]] when it's family!

**Joey:** Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] better so that we can make fun of your hair!

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Ross:** You got it.

**Joey:** Okay.

**Ross:** Thanks you guys, I really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a [[Friends-词汇总表#nomad\|nomad]].

*(Joey starts giggling.)*

**Ross:** What?

**Chandler:** He thought you said [[Friends-词汇总表#gonad\|gonad]].

*(Joey busts out laughing.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's restaurant, she is getting inspected by the health department, Phoebe is watching.

**Health Inspector:** Wow, Monica, if every restaurant is as clean as yours, I'd have a tough time making a living.

**Monica:** Oh, Larry.

**Phoebe:** Umm, do health [[Friends-词汇总表#inspector\|inspectors]] work on commission?

**Larry:** No, [[Friends-词汇总表#bribe\|bribes]].

*(Phoebe laughs.)*

**Phoebe:** It's okay to laugh right?

**Larry:** Yeah, I was just kidding.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(She laughs harder.)*

**Larry:** I'll check the kitchen floors.

**Monica:** Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] yourself out, Larry.

*(He goes into the kitchen.)*

**Phoebe:** Yum-my!

**Monica:** Larry?

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.

**Larry:** *(entering)* A 98. I [[Friends-词汇总表#deduct\|deducted]] 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]].

**Monica:** Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.

**Larry:** And where is your hat?

**Monica:** It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it.

*(She heads for the kitchen door and just after she goes through the door…)*

**Larry:** Ahh that's the 2 points.

**Phoebe:** Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. *(To Larry)* Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there [[Friends-词汇总表#hatless\|hatless]] to get it. You can have your own health [[Friends-词汇总表#inspector\|inspector]] [[Friends-词汇总表#detective\|detective]] show!

**Larry:** Oh, I don't know about that.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but then I can be you [[Friends-词汇总表#sidekick\|sidekick]] Vunda.

**Larry:** Maybe uh, Vunda could give me her number and I can ask her to dinner [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]].

**Phoebe:** Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.

**Larry:** I-I'll call ya.

**Phoebe:** Okay.

*(Larry goes to leave but heads the wrong way and makes a quick sidestep to go out the right door.)*

**Phoebe:** He's so funny! *(She imitates what he just did.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Gunther is serving Monica and Rachel.

**Monica:** Thanks.

**Rachel:** Thank you. *(To Monica)* Mon?

**Monica:** Hmm?

**Rachel:** How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.

**Monica:** He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try…

**Rachel:** Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]] up for a looong time. And [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.

**Monica:** Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.

*(Danny enters.)*

**Danny:** *(To Gunther)* Two [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]] of Moca Java please.

**Monica:** *(To Monica)* Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?

**Rachel:** I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]], we [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]], I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.

**Danny:** *(To them)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi Danny! *(Notices his box of liquor he's carrying.)* Wow! Thirsty huh?

**Danny:** Uh, actually, actually, I'm having a party at my place on Saturday, it's sort of a house [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warming]] kind of thing.

**Monica:** Ohh, fun!

**Rachel:** Ohh, great!

**Danny:** Yeah, I'm really looking forward to it.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Danny:** Okay, see ya. *(Heads out.)*

**Monica:** Well, I guess we won't be [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warming]] his house.

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.

**Monica:** And you're not gonna do that.

**Rachel:** That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]] around for an [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]]. Blew up in his face, didn't it?

**Monica:** So-so there is no party.

**Rachel:** No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?

**Monica:** I think so. Se, he-he's not inviting you to his party because he likes you.

**Rachel:** Exactly.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, they're entering to find boxes strewn about the apartment.

**Joey:** Ross?

**Ross:** *(entering from the bathroom)* Hey [[Friends-词汇总表#roomy\|roomies]]!

**Chandler:** Love what you've done with the place.

**Ross:** Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] you guys letting me stay here.

**Joey:** Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't—I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah!

**Ross:** Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#jazz\|jazzed]] it up a little. Check this out. *(He plays the greeting, and We Will Rock You starts to play and Ross's voice comes over it.)* We will, we will, call you back!

**Joey:** Hey, all right!

**Ross:** Pretty cool, huh?

*(They both laugh as Ross heads back to the bathroom.)*

**Joey:** *(To Chandler)* You're [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] laughing too, right?

**Chandler:** Oh, the [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tears]] are real.


> [!scene] Scene: A restaurant, Phoebe and Larry are having dinner.

**Larry:** You look beautiful this evening.

**Phoebe:** *(smiles)* Show me the [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]] again.

*(He looks around and flashes her his badge and she laughs.)*

**Phoebe:** Shiny.

**Larry:** Oh, will you mind if I [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies *(Holds up his hands)* have been.

**Phoebe:** *(laughing)* You are just [[Friends-词汇总表#nonstop\|nonstop]]!

*(He goes to the bathroom and Phoebe puts some pepper and salt on her food. With the salt she takes a bit and throws it over her left shoulder as she faces us.)*

**Larry:** *(coming back)* We're [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here!

**Phoebe:** Why?!

**Larry:** Just walking past the kitchen I saw 10 [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violations]]! I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shutting]] this place down!

**Phoebe:** *(awed)* You have the power to do that?

**Larry:** This does. *(Shows her his badge.)*

**Phoebe:** *(excited)* Shut it down.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is entering. As he closes the door, Joey pokes his head up from a box enclosure built using the 2 chairs.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** What are you doing?

**Joey:** Nothing.

**Chandler:** You built a fort didn't ya?

**Joey:** *(smiles)* Kinda.

**Chandler:** *(notices something)* Oh my God, the air [[Friends-词汇总表#purifier\|purifier]]! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was *(makes a humming noise.)*

**Joey:** Dude, you should've gone out once and a while.

**Chandler:** I hate this thing!

**Joey:** Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is opening the door.

**Rachel:** Oh, hi Danny.

**Danny:** Hey guys, I just uh, wanted to invite you to the party tomorrow night.

**Monica:** Oh, thanks! We'll try to stop by.

**Rachel:** Uh, actually, I think I'm gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]].

**Monica:** You are?

**Rachel:** Yeah! Remember I got that uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#gala\|gala]].

**Danny:** Yeah, what's the [[Friends-词汇总表#gala\|gala]] for?

**Rachel:** It's a uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#regatta\|regatta]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gala\|gala]].

**Danny:** Really! You-you [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]]?

**Rachel:** No-no, but I support it.

**Danny:** Okay, *(To Monica)* hope I see you tomorrow night.

**Monica:** Okay.

**Danny:** Take care. *(Leaves.)*

**Rachel:** Okay. *(Closes the door.)* Walked right into that one didn't he?

**Monica:** What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!

**Rachel:** Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]] to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat.

**Monica:** Great. So the ball is in his court?

**Rachel:** Ball? There is no ball.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's and Ross's, Ross is working on his computer and Joey is making a lot of noise.

**Ross:** *(glaring at him)* Joey, please! *(Motions to his computer.)*

**Joey:** Sorry.

*(Joey starts playing with a toy alligator and has it attack him.)*

**Joey:** Ahhhhhhhhhh…

*(Notices Ross looking at him and stops. Ross gives him his 'quiet down' maneuver. Okay, this may take a while to explain, so center this on you screen and place your hands about a foot apart with your fingers together and pointing straight up. Now take you fingers and point them at the other hand and making a 90-degree angle with each of your hands and the first knuckle counting up from the wrist. Now take your right hand, no your other right*

*(that was for the dyslexics), and lower it a couple of inches, so that the fingers are pointing at your wrist. Now take your arms and keeping the elbows bent and your hands in front of you spread out your arms, kinda like making a bird's wing. Now hunch your shoulders over and move you hands up and down as if you are trying to tell some one to turn it down. That's Ross 'quiet down' maneuver. Well, there is an accompanying face, but I don't want to try and describe it as well.)*

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hello children!

**Joey:** Hey! Wanna play some [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]]? Please?

**Chandler:** Okay. *(Starts to head for where the foosball table usually is.)*

**Joey:** No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!

*(They go into his bedroom.)*

**Joey:** All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this?

*(Imitates Ross's 'quiet down' maneuver, but does move his hands up and down he just flaps his hands as if he's waving good-bye.)*

**Chandler:** Bye-bye little [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] Joey hand?

**Joey:** No, the [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] down thing!

**Chandler:** You mean this. *(Does the maneuver perfectly.)*

**Joey:** Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|taped]] over my Baywatch [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?

**Chandler:** *(gasps)* All right look, y'know, this maybe [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] but come on, this is Ross! I [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survived]] college with him!

**Joey:** All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(They start playing.)*

**Chandler:** No-no-no-no!

**Joey:** YES!!

**Ross:** *(entering)* Uh [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fellas]], *(Does the maneuver and gives them a double thumbs up, which Chandler returns as he closes the door.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, so he's out of here.

**Joey:** Um-hmm.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe are there.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Joey:** You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] and it was closed!

**Phoebe:** Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all [[Friends-词汇总表#violate\|violated]]. So we [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] it down!

**Joey:** Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!

**Monica:** I don't know, clean places?

**Joey:** Umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#yum\|yum]]!

*(There's a knock on the door and Monica answers it.)*

**Monica:** *(looking through the peephole)* It's Danny.

**Rachel:** Don't let him in! I'm supposed to be at a [[Friends-词汇总表#regatta\|regatta]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gala\|gala]].

**Monica:** *(to Danny)* We'll be right there! *(To Rachel)* Can't you just say it starts later?

**Rachel:** What? What kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#regatta\|regatta]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gala\|gala]] starts at night?!

**Monica:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] kind!

*(She opens the door and Rachel hides behind it.)*

**Danny:** Hey, hi, I need a [[Friends-词汇总表#ladle\|ladle]]. You got a ladle?

**Monica:** We have a [[Friends-词汇总表#ladle\|ladle]]. *(Gives him one.)*

**Danny:** Thanks, see you at the party.

**Monica:** Okay, great!

*(He leaves and she closes the door.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you [[Friends-词汇总表#ladle\|ladle]]." *(Laughs.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, and Ross are there. Chandler and Joey are looking through the paper.

**Chandler:** Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?

**Ross:** I'll take sports.

**Joey:** Mine! *(He grabs it.)*

**Ross:** All right. Uhh, international.

**Joey:** Oh that's mine too! *(Grabs it and Ross looks at him.)* I'm Italian!

**Ross:** Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.

**Chandler:** Not even on page 7?

**Ross:** *(looks)* Oh yeah! You're—hey, you're right! Here's an [[Friends-词汇总表#affordable\|affordable]] place, *(reading ad)* two [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]], close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!

**Chandler:** What about that [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circled]] one?

**Ross:** Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] for a studio.

**Joey:** But it's available now! Isn't it?

**Chandler:** Yes, it is.

**Joey:** Hey, let's go look at it! *(They both jump up.)*

**Ross:** Okay, let's go.

**Joey:** Okay!

**Chandler:** There we go!

**Ross:** Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chip]] in on some new air filters for the air [[Friends-词汇总表#purifier\|purifier]]? I mean after all, we all are using it.

**Chandler:** Let's go [[Friends-词汇总表#quicker\|quicker]].

**Joey:** Yeah!


> [!scene] Scene: The apartment in the listing, the guys are checking it out. There's one problem though, it's roughly the size of this computer screen. As they enter Joey lets out a whistle.

**Ross:** Oh my God! *(Looking around, which doesn't take him long.)*

**Chandler:** Yeah, well look at this kitchen, [[Friends-词汇总表#slash\|slash]] bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] while in the [[Friends-词汇总表#tub\|tub]].

**Joey:** Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place.

*(They don't move, just look all around them.)*

**Ross:** I think this is it. I don't know, maybe we should keep looking.

**Joey:** But hey, Ross, this place is available now!

**Chandler:** Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.

**Joey:** Yeah.

*(He looks at them.)*

**Ross:** *(To Joey)* So, you-you think I should go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] and take this place?

**Joey:** Oh, it's perfect!

**Ross:** *(To Chandler)* How about you?

**Chandler:** It's a kitchen [[Friends-词汇总表#slash\|slash]] bathroom.

**Ross:** All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] and fill out an application.

*(He exits.)*

**Chandler:** We are bad people.

**Joey:** He knew we were trying to get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of him. He knew! *(Pause.)* You think we could get a [[Friends-词汇总表#bathtub\|bathtub]] in our kitchen?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there waiting for Larry.

**Larry:** *(entering)* Hey, ready for dinner?

**Phoebe:** Ooh, absolutely!

**Larry:** Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?

**Phoebe:** Ooh, I love that place! *(Thinks about it.)* So, no.

**Larry:** How about Mama Lisettie's?

**Phoebe:** Enh. Sure!

**Larry:** *(notices something)* I wonder how long that [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] *(on the counter)* has been setting out.

**Phoebe:** Oh, no-no, this place is totally [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]]! That—this [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was [[Friends-词汇总表#thirsty\|thirsty]] for milk, y'know. *(She takes a swig of it, but has to turn away from him as she makes a face to show that it has gone bad.)* Okay, let's go!

*(Just as they're about to leave, Gunther comes out of the back carrying two garbage bags. Larry sees this and stops him.)*

**Larry:** Hey, buddy! *(Flashes his badge.)* Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all [[Friends-词汇总表#refuse\|refuse]] material out the back [[Friends-词汇总表#exit\|exit]]?

**Gunther:** But then I'd have to go all the way around the [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cleaner\|cleaner]] place.

**Larry:** Oh, so you're saying you'd choose [[Friends-词汇总表#convenience\|convenience]] over health?!

**Phoebe:** Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health [[Friends-词汇总表#inspector\|inspector]] guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?

**Larry:** Well, I suppose I could give him a [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warning]].

**Phoebe:** Thank you. *(To Gunther, who's standing there frozen)* Okay, go! Go! Go!

*(He runs off.) (To Larry) Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Joey are lamenting about how they kicked Ross out.

**Joey:** Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!

**Chandler:** Yes that was a nice place!

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Chandler:** Not a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!

**Joey:** Yeah!

*(Pause.)*

**Chandler:** What are we gonna do?

**Joey:** I don't know. Maybe [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]?

**Chandler:** About Ross!

**Joey:** Oh! Oh!

*(The phone rings and Joey answers it.)*

**Joey:** Hello! *(Listens.)* Oh yeah! *(To Chandler)* It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. *(To the apartment manager.)* Ross is the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very [[Friends-词汇总表#reliable\|reliable]].

**Chandler:** *(grabbing the phone)* Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#bark\|barks]] into the night. *(Listens.)* Well, who doesn't love dogs? *(Thinks.)* Ah, he's a [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]]! *(Listens.)* Yes, some would say that is a lost art. *(Thinks.)* He's a [[Friends-词汇总表#pimp\|pimp]]!

*(Listens.) There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! (Pause.) Hello?*

*(The apartment manager hung up on him and he hangs up the phone and throws in on the chair. Joey motions, "What the hell was that?" Chandler makes a face to say, "Think about it." Joey tries to divide 136 by 13; he's confused. Suddenly, light dawns on yonder dunder head. He gets it.)*

**Chandler:** Ohhhhh!

*(Joey motions, "Now, that's thinking!")*


> [!scene] Scene: Downstairs at Danny's party, Monica and Rachel are coming down the stairs and Rachel has on a coat to make it look as if she's just getting back. But just as they reach the landing they see Danny out in the hall talking to a guest, Rachel then quickly pulls Monica back up the stairs.

**Rachel:** Shoot, [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]], this is never gonna work! He's right there!

**Monica:** Just go over and say hi.

**Rachel:** No, I have to go [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] and come back up as if I'm coming home from the [[Friends-词汇总表#regatta\|regatta]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gala\|gala]]. Okay? So just go [[Friends-词汇总表#distract\|distract]] him. But don't be sexy.

*(Monica obeys.)*

**Monica:** Hey, Danny!

**Danny:** Hey! What's going on?

**Monica:** *(turns his back to the stairs)* Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chips]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#salsa\|salsa]], chips and salsa. *(As she's saying this Rachel tries to head downstairs but is blocked by people coming upstairs. She quickly retreats back up the stairs.)* *(Sees that she has to keep him distracted longer.)* So umm, what's this? *(Points to his plate.)*

**Danny:** Salad.

**Monica:** Ooooh! *(Rachel now succeeds in getting downstairs.)* And-and-and what-what's this? *(Points again.)*

**Danny:** Bread. Aren't you a [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]]?

*(Rachel returns.)*

**Monica:** *(upon seeing Rachel she points)* Oh.

**Danny:** Hey! Rachel!

**Rachel:** Hey! Oh right, tonight was your party.

**Danny:** Oh wow, you look great! Glad you could make it.

**Rachel:** Oh well, y'know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#gala\|gala]] had to end [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]].

**Danny:** Don't go [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]], I'll be right back. *(He heads off.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah, sure. *(To Monica)* All right, whose court is the ball in now?

**Monica:** I thought there wasn't a ball?

**Rachel:** Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]], balls [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] all over the place!

**Danny:** *(returning, with a friend)* Rachel, this is my friend Tom. *(To Tom)* This is the girl I told you about.

**Rachel:** Oh, go on! You telling people about me?

**Danny:** You two could really hit it off! I'm gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#mingle\|mingle]]. *(Leaves.)*

**Tom:** So you work at Bloomingdale's, huh? My mom calls it Bloomies.

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* Yeah, okay, at [[Friends-词汇总表#ease\|ease]] [[Friends-词汇总表#solider\|solider]]!

**Tom:** I'm sorry?

**Rachel:** No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's [[Friends-词汇总表#wingman\|wingman]] right? You guys are best [[Friends-词汇总表#bud\|buds]]. Frat [[Friends-词汇总表#bros\|bros]]!

**Tom:** I'm gonna go talk to uh, a friend.

**Rachel:** Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, "Nice try."

*(He walks off.)*

**Rachel:** Man! He just keeps [[Friends-词汇总表#lob\|lobbing]] them up and I just keep [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knocking]] them right out of the park!

**Monica:** I think I need a drink.

**Rachel:** Yeah!

*(They go get a drink.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross still has boxes all over the place. Joey is wearing a football helmet, and Chandler is spinning him around in one of the chairs and counting.

**Chandler:** 98. 99. 100. Okay, go!

**Joey:** *(getting up)* Dude, I'm telling ya! I'm fine! *(He tries to take a step and falls flat on his face.)*

*(He tries to get up again and starts falling backwards and Chandler catches him.)*

**Chandler:** Here we go! Here we go!

*(Ross enters.)*

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey. So I uh, I didn't get that apartment. Some problem with my application.

**Joey:** You're kidding!

**Chandler:** You're kidding, no!

**Ross:** Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So…

**Joey:** But you can't stay with Phoebe, Ross! We're-we're [[Friends-词汇总表#roomy\|roomies]]!

**Ross:** Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space.

**Joey:** Well, we got [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] of space! There-there's still some over there *(Points to where the window is but sees that there isn't any space there and points towards his door.)* by-by that [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]]. Please, just stay!

**Chandler:** Yeah!

**Ross:** Are you guys sure about this?

**Joey:** Definitely!

**Chandler:** Yes! Ross, you have to stay!

**Ross:** All right.

**Joey:** All right!

**Chandler:** All right, buddy!

**Ross:** So I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#pimp\|pimp]] huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothering]] you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]] [[Friends-词汇总表#habit\|habits]] just *(Does the 'quiet down' maneuver)*.

*(Chandler and Joey smile, but when Ross turns away look at each other with looks of horror.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's and Ross's, Chandler is entering and when he closes the door Joey pops his head out of the fort like before, but this time he's wearing a cowboy hat.

**Chandler:** Well, I see you've had a very [[Friends-词汇总表#productive\|productive]] day. Don't you think the [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]] hat is a little much?

**Ross:** *(popping up behind Joey wearing an Indian headdress)* Come on, it's fun!

**Chandler:** All right! *(He joins them in the fort and comes up putting on a bonnet.)* Isn't this a woman's hat?

**Joey:** Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]]!

*(Chandler does so.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 6 | 254 | 104 | *Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, someti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 6 | 126 | 70 | *A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 viola* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 5 | 228 | 137 | *Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 3 | 211 | 141 | *Yeah, I was just kidding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *Well, I guess we won't be warming his house.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 3 | 180 | 101 | *Mine!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Maybe uh, Vunda could give me her number and I can ask her to dinner sometime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 2 | 84 | 58 | *Hey guys, I just uh, wanted to invite you to the party tomorrow night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 2 | 133 | 83 | *Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Oh wow, you look great! Glad you could make it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Emily's cousin kicked me out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, someti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *It's okay to laugh right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 viola* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *I hate this thing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Don't let him in! I'm supposed to be at a regatta gala.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *All right. Uhh, international.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That—this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *So you work at Bloomingdale's, huh? My mom calls it Bloomies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *I think I need a drink.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Definitely!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea!* |

### 常用词（49）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 3 | 29 | 19 | *Emily's cousin kicked me out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 3 | 57 | 33 | *I wonder how long that milk  has been setting out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 2 | 54 | 47 | *Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 2 | 56 | 27 | *A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 viola* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 2 | 38 | 29 | *Maybe uh, Vunda could give me her number and I can ask her to dinner sometime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 2 | 27 | 25 | *Uh, actually, actually, I'm having a party at my place on Saturday, it's sort of a house warming kin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 2 | 51 | 37 | *You're fake laughing too, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 2 | 37 | 29 | *All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 2 | 54 | 42 | *Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 2 | 26 | 20 | *Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] | /'sʌdәnli/ | adv. 突然, 意外, 忽然, 迅速, 即席作成, 即刻, 急速 | r. happening unexpectedly | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, someti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Okay, knock yourself out, Larry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Two pounds of Moca Java please.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] | /'hɔ:lwei/ | n. 门厅；玄关；走廊 | n. an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open | 1 | 17 | 15 | *I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] | /flә:t/ | n. 卖弄风骚的人, 急动, 急扔 | n. playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest | 1 | 32 | 13 | *I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]] | /hint/ | n. 暗示, 提示 | n. an indirect suggestion | 1 | 14 | 13 | *That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Oh, the tears are real.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *We're outta here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *Uh, actually, I think I'm gonna be busy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] | /'fuzbɔl/ | n. 桌上足球 |  | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] | /'kwaiәt/ | n. 安静, 闲适, 平静 | a. characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity | 1 | 19 | 16 | *No, the quiet down thing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] | /'tæp/ | n. 轻打, 水龙头 | n. a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dan | 1 | 20 | 16 | *Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 1 | 79 | 28 | *Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Uh fellas,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Oh yeah! You're—hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place,  two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] | /'sә:kl/ | n. 圆周, 社交圈, 循环, 范围 | n. ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by | 1 | 20 | 14 | *What about that circled one?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of expensive for a studio.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *So, you-you think I should go ahead and take this place?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew!  You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That—this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Hey, buddy!  Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] | /'klɒzit/ | n. 壁橱, 小室 | n. a small private room for study or prayer | 1 | 32 | 20 | *Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *I don't know. Maybe pizza?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Hello!  Oh yeah!  It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references.  Ross is the greatest * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]] | /'dɑ:nsә/ | n. 舞蹈演员, 跳舞者 | n. a performer who dances professionally | 1 | 20 | 11 | *Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night.  Well, who doesn't love dogs?  Ah* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salad\|salad]] | /'sælәd/ | n. 色拉 | n. food mixtures either arranged on a plate or tossed and served with a moist dr | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Salad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bread\|bread]] | /bred/ | n. 面包, 生计, 食物 | n. food made from dough of flour or meal and usually raised with yeast or baking | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Bread. Aren't you a chef?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the pla* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] | /'plenti/ | n. 充分, 很多, 丰富 | n. a full supply | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there  by-by that speaker. Please, just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea!* |

### 低频词（70）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| larry | /'læri/ | n. 拉里（男子名） | n. Same as Lorry, or Lorrie. | 9 | 12 | 4 | *Oh, Larry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gala\|gala]] | /'geilә/ | n. 节日, 祝贺 | n. a gay festivity | 7 | 7 | 1 | *Yeah! Remember I got that uh, gala.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regatta\|regatta]] | /ri'gætә/ | n. 赛舟会 | n. a meeting for boat races | 4 | 4 | 1 | *It's a uh, regatta gala.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ladle\|ladle]] | /'leidl/ | n. 勺子, 长柄勺 | n. a spoon-shaped vessel with a long handle; frequently used to transfer liquids | 4 | 5 | 2 | *Hey, hi, I need a ladle. You got a ladle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purifier\|purifier]] | /'pjuәrifaiә/ | n. 使洁净的人, 提纯者, 精炼器, 提纯器, 精炼者 | n. an apparatus for removing impurities | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lease\|lease]] | /li:s/ | n. 租约, 租期, 租 | n. property that is leased or rented out or let | 2 | 4 | 3 | *How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inspector\|inspector]] | /in'spektә/ | n. 检查员, 巡视员 | n. a high ranking police officer | 2 | 3 | 3 | *Hey, you should really read that book you wrote.  Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vunda\|vunda]] |  | [地名] 温达 ( 刚(金) ) |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thirsty\|thirsty]] | /'θә:sti/ | a. 口渴的, 渴望的, 干燥的 | s. needing moisture | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Hi Danny!  Wow! Thirsty huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]] | /.invi'teiʃәn/ | n. 邀请, 请柬, 引诱 | n. a request (spoken or written) to participate or be present or take part in so | 2 | 18 | 9 | *That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roomy\|roomy]] | /'ru:mi/ | a. 广阔的, 宽敞的, 宽大的 | s. (of buildings and rooms) having ample space | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Hey roomies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slash\|slash]] | /slæʃ/ | v. 猛砍, 乱砍 | n. an open tract of land in a forest that is strewn with debris from logging (or | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pimp\|pimp]] | /pimp/ | n. 皮条客, 男妓, 恶棍, 窥探情人者, 告密者 | n. someone who procures customers for whores (in England they call a pimp a ponc | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night.  Well, who doesn't love dogs?  Ah* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salsa\|salsa]] | /'sɑ:lsә/ | n. 洋葱做的辣调味汁；萨尔萨舞曲 | n. spicy sauce of tomatoes and onions and chili peppers to accompany Mexican foo | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tribe\|tribe]] | /traib/ | n. 宗族, 部落, 一群人 | n. a social division of (usually preliterate) people | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Are you looking at naked tribe's women?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]] | /pig/ | n. 猪, 猪肉, 贪婪的人, 猪一样的人 | n. a crude block of metal (lead or iron) poured from a smelting furnace | 1 | 19 | 9 | *That's a pig.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knob\|knob]] | /nɒb/ | n. 把手, 瘤, 旋钮, 球形突出物 | n. a circular rounded projection or protuberance | 1 | 9 | 4 | *I know, I know, but look at the knobs on her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sublet\|sublet]] | /.sʌb'let/ | v. 转租 | v. lease or rent all or part of (a leased or rented property) to another person | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, someti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nomad\|nomad]] | /'nәumәd/ | n. 游牧部落一员, 流浪者 | n. a member of a people who have no permanent home but move about according to t | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gonad\|gonad]] | /'gәunæd/ | n. 性腺, 生殖腺 | n. a gland in which gametes (sex cells) are produced | 1 | 1 | 1 | *He thought you said gonad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bribe\|bribe]] | /braib/ | n. 贿赂 | n. payment made to a person in a position of trust to corrupt his judgment | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, bribes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deduct\|deduct]] | /di'dʌkt/ | vt. 扣除, 减去 | v make a subtraction | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 viola* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]] | /.vaiә'leiʃәn/ | n. 违反, 违背, 妨碍 | n. an act that disregards an agreement or a right | 1 | 6 | 6 | *A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 viola* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hatless\|hatless]] | /'hætlis/ | a. 不戴帽子的 | a. not wearing a hat | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, you should really read that book you wrote.  Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#detective\|detective]] | /di'tektiv/ | n. 侦探 | n. a police officer who investigates crimes | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey, you should really read that book you wrote.  Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sidekick\|sidekick]] | /'saidkik/ | n. 伙伴, 插袋 | n a close friend who accompanies his buddies in their activities | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.* |
| looong |  | [网络] 龙 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwe* |
| moca |  | n. (Moca)人名；(罗)莫卡；(塞)莫察 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Two pounds of Moca Java please.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jazz\|jazz]] | /dʒæz/ | n. 爵士乐, 喧闹 | n. a genre of popular music that originated in New Orleans around 1900 and devel | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out.  We will, we will,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]] | /bædʒ/ | n. 徽章, 标记 | n. an emblem (a small piece of plastic or cloth or metal) that signifies your st | 1 | 11 | 5 | *Show me the badge again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shiny\|shiny]] | /'ʃaini/ | a. 有光泽的, 发光的, 辉煌的, 磨光的, 磨损的 | s reflecting light | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Shiny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nonstop\|nonstop]] | /nɒn'stɒp/ | a. 直达的, 不着陆的, 不休息的 | s. (of a journey especially a flight) occurring without stops | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You are just nonstop!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] | /ʃʌʃ/ | n. 关闭 | a. not open | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Just walking past the kitchen I saw 10 violations! I'm shutting this place down!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]] | /seil/ | n. 帆, 篷, 帆船, 航程, 帆状物 | n. a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is use | 1 | 10 | 5 | *Really! You-you sail?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] | /'pʌpit/ | n. 傀儡, 木偶 | n. a small figure of a person operated from above with strings by a puppeteer | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baywatch\|baywatch]] |  | 海滩游侠（电视剧名） |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]] | /sә'vaiv/ | vt. 比...活得长, 生存, 生还, 幸免于 | v. continue to live through hardship or adversity | 1 | 9 | 9 | *All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violate\|violate]] | /'vaiәleit/ | vt. 违犯, 亵渎, 违反, 侵犯, 妨碍 | v. fail to agree with; be in violation of; as of rules or patterns | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yum\|yum]] | /jʌm/ | int. 极好的；妙的；美味的 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yum-my!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affordable\|affordable]] |  | [计] 普及型 | s that you have the financial means for | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah! You're—hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place,  two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quicker\|quicker]] |  | a. 快些（quick的形容词比较级） | r. more quickly | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Let's go quicker.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tub\|tub]] | /tʌb/ | n. 桶, 浴盆 | n. a large open vessel for holding or storing liquids | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathtub\|bathtub]] | /'bɑ:θtʌb/ | n. 浴缸 | n. a relatively large open container that you fill with water and use to wash th | 1 | 4 | 4 | *He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew!  You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bleaker\|bleaker]] | /bli:kə/ | a. 阴冷的( bleak的比较级 ) | s. offering little or no hope | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]] | /'mɑ:mә/ | n. 妈妈 | n. a name under which Ninkhursag was worshipped | 1 | 6 | 6 | *How about Mama Lisettie's?* |
| enh |  | abbr. enteral nutriton at home 家庭肠道营养 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Enh. Sure!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refuse\|refuse]] | /ri'fju:z/ | vt. 拒绝, 谢绝 | v. show unwillingness towards | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey, buddy!  Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exit\|exit]] | /'eksit/ | n. 出口, 退场, 离去, 去世 | n. an opening that permits escape or release | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey, buddy!  Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cleaner\|cleaner]] | /'kli:nә/ | n. 清洁工人, 清洁剂, 干洗商 | n. the operator of dry-cleaning establishment | 1 | 10 | 9 | *But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convenience\|convenience]] | /kә'vi:njәns/ | n. 方便, 便利的事物, 方便的时候 | n. the state of being suitable or opportune | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reliable\|reliable]] | /ri'laiәbl/ | a. 可靠的, 可信赖的 | a. worthy of reliance or trust | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hello!  Oh yeah!  It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references.  Ross is the greatest * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bark\|bark]] | /bɑ:k/ | n. 树皮, 吠声 | n. tough protective covering of the woody stems and roots of trees and other woo | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night.  Well, who doesn't love dogs?  Ah* |
| ohhhhh |  | [网络] 哦；我的天啊；哦哦哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Ohhhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#distract\|distract]] | /dis'trækt/ | vt. 转移, 分心, 使发狂 | v. draw someone's attention away from something | 1 | 10 | 9 | *No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So j* |
| ooooh |  | [网络] 哦；喔；喔喔喔 |  | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Ooooh!  And-and-and what-what's this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mingle\|mingle]] | /'miŋgl/ | v. (使)混合 | v. get involved or mixed-up with | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You two could really hit it off! I'm gonna go mingle.* |
| bloomingdale |  | n. 布卢明代尔百货公司 |  | 1 | 12 | 9 | *So you work at Bloomingdale's, huh? My mom calls it Bloomies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloomies\|bloomies]] | /'bluːmɪ/ | adj. (鲜花)盛开的，开花的，开满花的；【植物学】(水果等)有粉衣的；(植物叶面)裹着粉衣的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So you work at Bloomingdale's, huh? My mom calls it Bloomies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ease\|ease]] | /i:z/ | n. 安乐, 安逸, 悠闲 | n. freedom from difficulty or hardship or effort | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, okay, at ease solider!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#solider\|solider]] |  | 机动战士 | s characterized by good substantial quality | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, okay, at ease solider!* |
| tommy | /'tɒmi/ | n. 配给面包, 实物工资制 | n. Bread, -- generally a penny roll; the supply of food carried | 1 | 11 | 5 | *No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wingman\|wingman]] | /'wiŋmәn/ | n. 僚机驾驶员, 僚机 | n. the pilot who positions his aircraft outside and behind (on the wing of) the  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bud\|bud]] | /bʌd/ | n. 芽, 花蕾 | n. a partially opened flower | 1 | 5 | 3 | *No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frat\|frat]] | /fræt/ | n. 大学生联谊会, 大学生联谊会会员 | n a social club for male undergraduates | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bros\|bros]] |  | n. (Bros)人名；(法、西、罗)布罗斯 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lob\|lob]] | /lɒb/ | vt. 把球挑高 | n. an easy return of a tennis ball in a high arc | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]] | /'spi:kә/ | n. 说话人, 讲演者, 发言人, 喇叭, 扬声器 | n. someone who expresses in language; someone who talks (especially someone who  | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there  by-by that speaker. Please, just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#habit\|habit]] | /'hæbit/ | n. 习惯, 嗜好, 习性 | n. an established custom | 1 | 4 | 4 | *So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#productive\|productive]] | /prә'dʌktiv/ | a. 能生产的, 有生产价值的, 多产的 | a. producing or capable of producing (especially abundantly) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]] | /'kaubɒi/ | n. 牛仔, 牛郎, 牧童 | n. a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?* |
