---
season: 5
episode: "08"
title: "The One With The Thanksgiving Flashbacks"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E08 — The One With The Thanksgiving Flashbacks

*Written by: Greg Malins*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone has just finished Thanksgiving dinner and are groaning over their fullness.

**Rachel:** Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.

**Ross:** I couldn't [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] eat another [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]].

**Joey:** I need something sweet.

**Phoebe:** Does anyone wanna watch TV?

**All:** Yeah, sure.

*(She starts pushing the power button on the remote, but it's not facing the TV so it doesn't work.)*

**Phoebe:** Monica your remote doesn't work.

**Monica:** Phoebe, you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] it and point.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Aw, forget it.

**Rachel:** Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're [[Friends-词汇总表#thankful\|thankful]] for.

**Joey:** Ooh-ooh, I! I am [[Friends-词汇总表#thankful\|thankful]] for this beautiful fall we've been having.

**Monica:** That's very nice.

**Chandler:** That's sweet, Joey.

**Joey:** Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] fall [[Friends-词汇总表#breeze\|breeze]] came in out of [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] and blew this chick's [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]] right up. Oh! Which [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminds]] me, I'm also [[Friends-词汇总表#thankful\|thankful]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thongs]]. *(Note: Actually, I think every guy is thankful for thongs. That and spandex. J )*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier. Joey is talking about the wonder that is the thong.

**Joey:** I mean, it's not so much an [[Friends-词汇总表#underpant\|underpant]] as it is a [[Friends-词汇总表#feat\|feat]] of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?

**Chandler:** Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] that you're still talking?

**Monica:** Is anyone [[Friends-词汇总表#thankful\|thankful]] for anything else [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]]?

**Ross:** Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more [[Friends-词汇总表#thankful\|thankful]] for my divorce or my [[Friends-词汇总表#eviction\|eviction]]? Hmm.

**Phoebe:** Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.

**Ross:** I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.

**Chandler:** No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just [[Friends-词汇总表#swoop\|swoop]] in here with your bad [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] and take that away from me.

**Rachel:** Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?

**Ross:** Oh God, no.

**Joey:** Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bumming]] us out!

**Chandler:** It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#tradition\|tradition]], like the [[Friends-词汇总表#parade\|parade]]. If the parade [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] it was gay, moved out, and [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandoned]] its entire family.

*(And with that, we start a series of flashbacks to Thanksgiving's of years gone by.) Thanksgiving 1978*


> [!scene] Scene: The Bing household, Mr. and Mrs. Bing and Young Chandler are eating Thanksgiving dinner as a housekeeper serves them.] Mrs. Bing: Now Chandler dear, just because your father and I are getting a divorce it doesn't mean we don't love you. It just means he would rather sleep with the house-boy than me.

**The Housekeeper:** More turkey Mr. Chandler? *(And he makes eyes at him.)* Present Day


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.

**Ross:** You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.

**Phoebe:** I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.

**Chandler:** Really? Worse than, "More [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] Mr. Chandler?"

**Phoebe:** Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the [[Friends-词汇总表#butler\|butler]]? Yes, mine's worse! Thanksgiving 1862


> [!scene] Scene: A Union battlefield hospital, Phoebe, in a past life, is tending to a wounded Union soldier. (By the way, for historical perspective, 1862 was the second year of the American Civil War.)

**Past Life Phoebe:** More bandages! More bandages! Please, can I get some more bandages in here! This man is dying—*(She is cut off by an exploding shell just outside the tent. When the smoke clears, she's missing an arm and the blood is pumping out like you'd see in a horror movie. And upon seeing her condition, she says…)* Oh no. Present Day


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.

**Ross:** In this life, Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Oh, this life! Oh okay no, Chandler's is worse.

**Joey:** Man, it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I don't have any past life memories.

**Phoebe:** Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.

**Rachel:** I know Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] Thanksgiving.

**Monica:** Oh, let's not tell this story.

**All:** Oh, come on!

**Phoebe:** Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] stuck on his head!

**Rachel:** What?! Joey got a [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] stuck on his head?!

**Joey:** Hey, it's not like it sounds.

**Chandler:** It's exactly like it sounds. Thanksgiving 1992


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Phoebe is entering.

**Joey:** *(muffled)* Hello?

**Phoebe:** *(surprised)* Hello?

**Joey:** Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** Joey? What's going on?

**Joey:** Look. *(He walks out of the bathroom with his head stuck in a huge turkey.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!

**Joey:** I know! It's stuck!!!

**Phoebe:** *(walks him to the kitchen)* Easy. Step. How did it get on?

**Joey:** I put it on to [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] Chandler!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!

**Joey:** Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.

**Phoebe:** Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head up a dead animal.

*(They hear Monica trying to unlock the door. So Phoebe quickly pushes his head down onto the table to make it look like the turkey is just sitting on a platter and not stuck on Joey's head.)*

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey, did you get the [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] [[Friends-词汇总表#baste\|basted]]—Oh my God! Oh my God! *(She sees someone is stuck in the turkey.)* Who is that?

**Joey:** It's Joey.

**Monica:** What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?

**Phoebe:** No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]].

**Monica:** Well, get it off now!

**Joey:** I can't! It-it's stuck!

**Monica:** Well, I don't care! That-that [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!

**Phoebe:** All right, hold on! Okay, let's just all think.

*(They all start thinking. Joey starts rubbing his chin, of course his chin is currently inside the turkey so he ends up rubbing the turkey. And I didn't do that joke one bit of justice. It's one of those you have to see it to get it jokes.)*

**Monica:** Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]] as wide as I can. *(Joey starts giggling.)* Joey? Now is not the time!

**Joey:** Sorry! Sorry.

*(They get into position to pull the turkey off.)*

**Monica:** Okay, count to three. 1. 2. 3!

*(They both pull but Joey slips out and starts to fall backwards just as Chandler enters, scaring him.)*

**Chandler:** Arghhhhhh!! *(Joey turns around to taunt him, but Chandler is in the doorway and Joey is facing the kitchen.)*

**Joey:** *(pointing)* It worked! I scared ya, I knew it! Ha-ha!

**Chandler:** I'm over here big guy.

**Joey:** *(turning all the way around, and still not facing Chandler)* Yeah, you are!

*(Starts dancing.) I scared you! Present Day*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.

**Chandler:** *(laughing)* You did look like an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]].

**Joey:** Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Butternut [[Friends-词汇总表#squash\|squash]]?" And it came out, "Squatternut buash?"

**Ross:** Yeah that's the same.

**Monica:** That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.

**Phoebe:** Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?

**All:** Which one?

**Monica:** Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.

**Chandler:** Oh, come on Monica, [[Friends-词汇总表#relive\|reliving]] past pain and getting [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressed]] is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.

**Monica:** Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story! Thanksgiving 1987


> [!scene] Scene: The Geller household, Mr. and Mrs. Geller are getting ready for Thanksgiving dinner. The doorbell rings.] Mrs. Geller: Monica! I think Rachel's here!

**Monica:** I'll get it! *(She runs in, and she's her old fat self like The One With The Prom Video. Not only that, she's out of breath after running a short distance. She goes over and opens the door to reveal Rachel with her old nose.)* Happy Thanksgiving!

**Big Nosed Rachel:** Not for me. Chip and I broke up!

**Fat Monica:** Oh, why? Why? What happened?

**Big Nosed Rachel:** Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over…

**Fat Monica:** Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.

**Big Nosed Rachel:** Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! *(Walks into the living room and greets Monica's parents.)* Hi! Mr. Geller: Hi Rachel!

**Big Nosed Rachel:** Happy Thanksgiving! Mrs. Geller: You too sweethart!

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

*(He brought home Chandler for Thanksgiving. Chandler is sporting the very popular Flock of Seagulls haircut. Yeah, it's another you have to see it to believe it kinda thing.) Mr. Geller: Oh my!*

**Ross:** Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] and lead [[Friends-词汇总表#singer\|singer]] of our band!

**Fat Monica:** Ross! *(Wanting to be introduced.)*

**Ross:** Oh, this is Monica.

**Fat Monica:** Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.

**Chandler:** *(seeing her)* Okay. Mrs. Geller: I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] of food so I hope you're [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]].

**Ross:** Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food. Mrs. Geller: Oh, well, I'm so glad you brought him here then.

**Fat Monica:** Umm, Chandler, if you want I can make you some macaroni and cheese for dinner.

**Chandler:** Well, as long as the [[Friends-词汇总表#pilgrim\|pilgrims]] didn't eat it, I'm in.

*(As she is drinking, Monica laughs and Chandler's joke and Diet Coke comes out of her nose.)*

**Fat Monica:** dammit! *(Runs off.)*

*(Ross points out Rachel to Chandler and goes over to talk to her. Rachel is checking out her nose in her compact mirror.)*

**Ross:** So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.

**Big Nosed Rachel:** Oh! No, not really.

**Ross:** Well, that's cool. So did… *(She walks away from him and he shuts up.)*

*(Rachel wanders into the kitchen where Monica is making Chandler's dinner.)*

**Big Nosed Rachel:** Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!

**Fat Monica:** I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.

**Big Nosed Rachel:** Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. *(Ross is overhearing this.)* Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!

**Ross:** Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] that you and Jack were looking for.

**Fat Monica:** Call them mom and dad you loser!

**Ross:** *(in a high pitched voice)* Monica!


> [!scene] Time lapse, dinner has finished and Chandler is sitting on the couch eating some pie. Monica sits down beside him, and he gets pushed up a little by the wave she makes in the couch.

**Fat Monica:** Hey Chandler! Did you like the macaroni and cheese?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]].

**Fat Monica:** Okay!

*(He gets up and walks away as Rachel come running over all excited.)*

**Big Nosed Rachel:** Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight!

**Fat Monica:** Oh that's so great!

**Big Nosed Rachel:** I know!

**Fat Monica:** Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything.

**Big Nosed Rachel:** Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know.

**Fat Monica:** I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!

**Big Nosed Rachel:** I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song!


> [!scene] Cut to the kitchen, Ross and Chandler are doing the dishes.

**Ross:** So I’m thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.

**Chandler:** Emotional Knapsack?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don’t take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.

**Ross:** Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I’m gonna be out with her all night.

**Chandler:** Dude, don't do that too me!

*(Monica enters behind them.)*

**Ross:** All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind.

*(Monica suddenly gets very happy.)*

**Chandler:** No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.

**Ross:** Hey!

*(Upon hearing this, Monica starts to break down and storms out. Only to be stopped by her parents.) Mrs. Geller: (holding two pies) Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge.*

**Fat Monica:** No. No, thank you! Mr. Geller: Well Judy, you did it! She's finally full!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, back to the present day.

**Chandler:** I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!

**Monica:** Well, I do.

**Chandler:** I am so sorry. I really am. I was an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] back then. I [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rushed]] the stage at a Wham [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]] for crying out [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.

**Ross:** I can't believe you let George Michael [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] you.

**Chandler:** I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.

**Rachel:** Actually, y'know that's not the Thanksgiving I was talking about.

**Monica:** Yes, it was!

**Rachel:** No, it wasn't. It was actually the…

**Monica:** *(interrupting her)* Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!

**Phoebe:** Oh, no, I have the [[Friends-词汇总表#cutest\|cutest]] Christmas story!

**Chandler:** We wanna hear Monica's Thanksgiving story!

**Phoebe:** Fine, all right, mine had a [[Friends-词汇总表#dwarf\|dwarf]] that got broke in half, but y'know whatever. Thanksgiving 1988


> [!scene] Scene: The Geller household kitchen, Mrs. Geller is cooking and Rachel, post nose job, is helping her.] Mrs. Geller: So Rachel, your mom tells me you changed your major again.

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building. Mr. Geller: *(entering)* Hi Rachel.

**Rachel:** Oh hi! Mr. Geller: Wow, love your new [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]]! Mrs. Geller: Jack. Mr. Geller: What? Dr. Wilson's an artist! He removed my [[Friends-词汇总表#mole\|mole]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cluster\|cluster]]. Wanna see?

*(He starts to show her as the doorbell rings.) Mrs. Geller: I'll get it.*

**Rachel:** No, God! Please, let me! *(Runs out.)*

*(She opens the door to reveal Chandler and Ross. Unfortunately, they seem to have their holidays mixed up. They think it's Halloween and they're going as Crockett and Tubbs from that legendary TV show of the late 80's, Miami Vice. God, we looked silly back then!)*

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey. *(To his parents)* Happy Thanksgiving! Mr. Geller: *(To Chandler)* God, your hair sure is different!

**Chandler:** Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look. *(They both quickly push their sleeves over their elbows.)*

**Ross:** So uh, where's Monica? Mrs. Geller: She's [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]]. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel, and the boy who hates Thanksgiving.

*(Monica enters, but she forgot something. Oh, about 150 pounds. In other words, she lost weight, big time!)*

**Monica:** Hi, Chandler.

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Monica:** What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress? *(She turns around making sure he gets a good look.)*

**Chandler:** You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!

**Ross:** Dude!

**Chandler:** Sorry! Mrs. Geller: Yes, yes Monica is [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]]. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.

**Ross:** Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the [[Friends-词汇总表#lacrosse\|lacrosse]] team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!

**Monica:** So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.

*(She heads for the kitchen and Chandler watches her leave and admires the view.) Mr. Geller: Dude!*

**Chandler:** Sorry.

*(In the kitchen.)*

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Oh-ho, my God! That was so [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]]! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just [[Friends-词汇总表#drool\|drooling]] all over you. That must've felt so great!

**Monica:** Well it didn't!

**Rachel:** What?!

**Monica:** Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliate]] him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!

**Rachel:** Okay, that we may be able to do.

**Monica:** How?

**Rachel:** Well guys [[Friends-词汇总表#tend\|tend]] to get naked before they're gonna have sex.

**Monica:** What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!

**Rachel:** Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Monica:** And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yard]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] the door and all the [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbors]] will just [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliate]] him!

**Rachel:** Then, you will definitely get him back!

**Monica:** Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?

**Rachel:** Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.

**Monica:** What do you mean?

**Rachel:** Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this [[Friends-词汇总表#dishtowel\|dishtowel]]!

*(She grabs it and starts rubbing it on her cheek.) Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.*

**Monica:** *(excited)* I can do that!

**Rachel:** Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. *(To Chandler)* Hey, what's up? *(She leaves and closes the door behind her.)*

**Chandler:** Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that [[Friends-词汇总表#righteous\|righteous]] mac and [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] like last year.

**Monica:** Umm, I'd love too! *(She goes over and picks up the box and decides to follow Rachel's advice and holds the box up to her cheek.)* Ooh, I love [[Friends-词汇总表#macaroni\|macaroni]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]]. I love-I love the way this box feels against my [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]].

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** Boy, I love [[Friends-词汇总表#carrot\|carrots]]! Oh! *(She picks up a bunch of them and holds them between her fingers.)* Sometimes I like to put them between my [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]] like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. *(She is rubbing her hip with the carrots.)* Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this [[Friends-词汇总表#knife\|knife]] *(She picks up a knife without putting the box down. She's holding the box between her cheek and shoulder)* and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, *(Pause)* my body. *(She doesn't have any exposed skin within reach of the knife, so while holding the carrots in one hand and the box between her face and shoulder, she rubs the knife on her stomach.)*

**Chandler:** Are you all right?

**Monica:** Oh yeah, of course. I'm fine it's just that—*(She drops the box and in a reflex action tries to catch it with her arm, the knife slips out and slowly flips through the air and comes point first down into Chandler's shoe.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The hospital, Chandler has been rushed to the emergency room.

**The Doctor:** What do we got here?

**The Paramedic:** Twenty year old has got a severed toe on his right foot.

*(They go through the doors into the trauma room, opening them by ramming the gurney through them, only Chandler's foot is hanging off the end and he screams in pain.)*

**Ross:** Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his [[Friends-词汇总表#injury\|injury]] is! Severed [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]], you just said it!

**The Doctor:** It says here that the knife went right through your shoe. Mr. Geller: Of course it did. They're made of wicker.

**The Doctor:** Did you bring the toe?

**Monica:** Oh yes! I have it right here, on ice! *(She takes a bag of ice out of her purse and hands it to the doctor.)*

**The Doctor:** *(opening it)* Don't worry son, we'll just attach it and—*(Stops suddenly.)*

**Monica:** What?! What is it?

**The Doctor:** You brought a carrot.

**Chandler:** What?

**The Doctor:** This isn't your toe, this is a small, very cold piece of carrot.

**Rachel:** You brought a [[Friends-词汇总表#carrot\|carrot]]?! Mrs. Geller: Oh my God! There's a [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] in my kitchen.

**Monica:** God, I'm sorry! I'll go back and get it!

**The Doctor:** It's too late, all we can do now is sow up the wound.

**Chandler:** Without my [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]]?! I need my toe!

**Monica:** Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche! Mr. Geller: Oh, I'm not falling for that one! Present Day


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is reacting to the story.

**Chandler:** That's why I lost my [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]]?! Because I called you fat?!

**Monica:** I didn't mean to cut it off. It was an [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]].

**Chandler:** That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!

**Monica:** I'm sorry! It wasn't your whole [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]]!

**Chandler:** Yeah, well, I miss the [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]]! It's the best part. It has the [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]]. *(He storms out.)*

**Monica:** Chandler! *(Follows him out.)*

**Ross:** *(To Joey)* Sir Limps-A-Lot, I came up with that.

**Joey:** You're a [[Friends-词汇总表#dork\|dork]].


> [!scene] Cut to the hallway, Chandler is standing in front of his door.

**Chandler:** I can't believe this.

**Monica:** Chandler, I said I was sorry.

**Chandler:** Yeah, well, sorry doesn’t bring back the little [[Friends-词汇总表#piggy\|piggy]] that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.

**Monica:** Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?

**Chandler:** Yeah, just leave me alone for a while. *(He goes into his apartment.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Chandler is sitting on one of the chairs and the duck is running around him and quacking.

**Chandler:** Oh-oh, I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]]! I go, "Quack, [[Friends-词汇总表#quack\|quack]]!" I’m happy all the time!

*(There's a knock on the door and Chandler gets up to answer it. He opens the door to reveal Monica with a turkey over her head.)*

**Chandler:** Nice try.

**Monica:** Wait, wait, wait! *(She puts a Shriner's hat on the turkey.)*

**Chandler:** Look, Monica…

**Monica:** Look! *(She puts a big, yellow pair of sunglasses on the bird.)*

**Chandler:** This is not going to work.

**Monica:** I bet this will work! *(She starts dancing and Chandler cracks up.)*

**Chandler:** You are so great! I love you!

*(Monica stops suddenly and turns around slowly.)*

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!

**Monica:** You said you loved me! I can't believe this!

**Chandler:** No I didn't!

**Monica:** Yes, you did!

**Chandler:** No I didn't!

**Monica:** You love me!

**Chandler:** No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!

*(Joey walks in and sees Monica. He freaks out and runs back into the hallway, screaming.) Ending Credits Thanksgiving 1915*


> [!scene] Scene: The Western front during World War I, Phoebe, in yet another past life, is once again a nurse tending to yet another dying soldier. But this time she's doing it with a French accent.

**French Phoebe:** Gauze! Gauze! I need to get some gauze in here! Can I please get some gauze in here! *(A shell explodes outside next to the tent and when the smoke clears, Phoebe still has her arm.)* Whew! *(Her arm falls off and starts pumping out blood.)* This is getting ridiculous uh!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（44）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 11 | 376 | 86 | *Okay. Mrs. Geller: I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 7 | 76 | 55 | *I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 5 | 112 | 87 | *Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 4 | 228 | 137 | *I couldn't possibly eat another bite.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 3 | 308 | 105 | *Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food. Mrs. Geller: Oh, we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse! Thanksgiving 1862* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Okay. Mrs. Geller: I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 2 | 126 | 70 | *Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food. Mrs. Geller: Oh, we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 2 | 135 | 75 | *What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh. Aw, forget it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and ble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *It's exactly like it sounds. Thanksgiving 1992* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can.  Joey? Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *It worked! I scared ya, I knew it! Ha-ha!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for cryin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever. Thanksgiving 1988* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Sorry! Mrs. Geller: Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Sorry! Mrs. Geller: Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Bl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Bl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Then, you will definitely get him back!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Boy, I love carrots! Oh!  Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche! Mr. Geller: Oh, I'm not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Yeah, well, sorry doesn’t bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I bet this will work!* |

### 常用词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 18 | 98 | 17 | *Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] | /tәu/ | n. 足趾, 趾部, 脚趾 | n. one of the digits of the foot | 6 | 25 | 18 | *Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 5 | 51 | 20 | *Really? Worse than, "More turkey Mr. Chandler?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 3 | 61 | 44 | *You did look like an idiot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliate]] | /hju:'milieit/ | vt. 使丢脸, 使蒙羞, 屈辱 | v. cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of | 2 | 15 | 11 | *Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Bl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 2 | 46 | 27 | *Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 2 | 70 | 43 | *That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] | /'pɒsәbli/ | adv. 可能, 也许 | r. by chance | 1 | 17 | 15 | *I couldn't possibly eat another bite.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *I couldn't possibly eat another bite.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] | /lift/ | n. 举起, 帮助, 昂扬, 电梯 | n. the act of giving temporary assistance | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and ble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] | /'nәuhwєә/ | adv. 无处, 到处都无 | n. an insignificant place | 1 | 15 | 15 | *Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and ble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 1 | 40 | 22 | *Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and ble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]] | /skә:t/ | n. 裙子, 下摆, 边缘, 郊区 | n. cloth covering that forms the part of a garment below the waist | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and ble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and ble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] | /ә'wєә/ | a. 知道的, 有觉悟的 | a. (sometimes followed by `of') having or showing knowledge or understanding or  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Are you aware that you're still talking?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *I know Monica's worst Thanksgiving.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] | /skєә/ | n. 惊吓, 恐慌 | n. a sudden attack of fear | 1 | 21 | 20 | *I put it on to scare Chandler!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be scary.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] | /spred/ | n. 传播, 散布, 伸展 | n. process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can.  Joey? Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can.  Joey? Now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depress]] | /di'pres/ | vt. 使沮丧, 压低, 降低, 使萧条 | v. lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] | /'plenti/ | n. 充分, 很多, 丰富 | n. a full supply | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Okay. Mrs. Geller: I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Okay. Mrs. Geller: I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hu* |
| judy | /'dʒu:di/ | n. 朱迪（女子名）；朱迪（英国木偶戏 Punch and Judy中的妻子） |  | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 1 | 56 | 27 | *Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] | /i'mәuʃәnәl/ | a. 情绪的, 情感的 | a. determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Emotional Knapsack?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don’t take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for cryin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for cryin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] | /slæp/ | n. 掴, 掌击, 侮辱, 拍击声 | n. a blow from a flat object (as an open hand) | 1 | 14 | 10 | *I can't believe you let George Michael slap you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *Oh hi! Mr. Geller: Wow, love your new nose! Mrs. Geller: Jack. Mr. Geller: What? Dr. Wilson's an art* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 1 | 28 | 21 | *So uh, where's Monica? Mrs. Geller: She's upstairs. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] | /tә'rifik/ | a. 非常好的, 极端的, 可怕的 | s. very great or intense | 1 | 20 | 18 | *You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] | /θin/ | a. 薄的, 细的, 瘦的, 稀疏的, 稀薄的, 淡的, 弱的, 空洞的 | v. lose thickness; become thin or thinner | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Sorry! Mrs. Geller: Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] | /'ɒ:sәm/ | a. 引起敬畏的, 可怕的 | s inspiring awe or admiration or wonder | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooli* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Bl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]] | /'neibә/ | n. 邻居 | n. a person who lives (or is located) near another | 1 | 19 | 12 | *And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] | /tʃi:k/ | n. 颊, 厚颜, 脸蛋 | n. either side of the face below the eyes | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Umm, I'd love too!  Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Boy, I love carrots! Oh!  Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] | /'æksidәnt/ | n. 意外事件, 机遇, 事故, 次要方面 | n. an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury | 1 | 24 | 22 | *I didn't mean to cut it off. It was an accident.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] | /neil/ | n. 钉子, 指甲 | n. horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 1 | 63 | 32 | *Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I’m happy all the time!* |

### 低频词（45）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thankful\|thankful]] | /'θæŋkfәl/ | a. 感谢的, 感激的, 欣慰的 | a feeling or showing gratitude | 5 | 10 | 5 | *Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#parade\|parade]] | /pә'reid/ | n. 游行, 炫耀, 阅兵 | n. a ceremonial procession including people marching | 2 | 12 | 7 | *It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its en* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quack\|quack]] | /kwæk/ | n. 鸭叫声, 冒牌医生, 冒充内行之人 | n. an untrained person who pretends to be a physician and who dispenses medical  | 2 | 15 | 4 | *Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I’m happy all the time!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breeze\|breeze]] | /bri:z/ | n. 微风, 煤屑, 轻而易举的事 | n. a slight wind (usually refreshing) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and ble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]] | /θɒ:ŋ/ | vt. 装皮带, 用皮鞭打 | n. underpants resembling a G-string; worn by women especially under very tight p | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and ble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underpant\|underpant]] |  | 底裤 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feat\|feat]] | /fi:t/ | n. 壮举, 功绩, 技艺表演 | n. a notable achievement | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eviction\|eviction]] | /i'vikʃәn/ | n. 逐出, 赶出 | n. action by a landlord that compels a tenant to leave the premises (as by rende | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swoop\|swoop]] | /swu:p/ | n. 俯冲, 攫取 | n. (music) rapid sliding up or down the musical scale | 1 | 11 | 8 | *No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tradition\|tradition]] | /trә'diʃәn/ | n. 传说, 传统, 交付 | n. an inherited pattern of thought or action | 1 | 8 | 7 | *It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its en* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abandon\|abandon]] | /ә'bændәn/ | vt. 放弃, 抛弃, 遗弃, 使屈从, 沉溺, 放纵 | n. the trait of lacking restraint or control; reckless freedom from inhibition o | 1 | 9 | 7 | *It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its en* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butler\|butler]] | /'bʌtlә/ | n. 男管家, 司膳总管 | n. a manservant (usually the head servant of a household) who has charge of wine | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse! Thanksgiving 1862* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baste\|baste]] | /beist/ | vt. 用长针脚粗缝, 润以油脂, 狠揍 | n. a loose temporary sewing stitch to hold layers of fabric together | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey, did you get the turkey basted—Oh my God! Oh my God!  Who is that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butternut\|butternut]] | /'bʌtәnʌt/ | n. 灰胡桃 | n. North American walnut tree having light-brown wood and edible nuts; source of | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squash\|squash]] | /skwɒʃ/ | n. 挤压, 压碎的东西, 南瓜属植物, 拥挤的人群 | n. any of numerous annual trailing plants of the genus Cucurbita grown for their | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relive\|relive]] | /ri:'liv/ | vi. 再生, 复活 | v. experience again, often in the imagination | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#singer\|singer]] | /'siŋә/ | n. 歌手 | n. a person who sings | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pilgrim\|pilgrim]] | /'pilgrim/ | n. 旅行者, 朝圣者, 香客 | n. someone who journeys in foreign lands | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knapsack\|knapsack]] | /'næpsæk/ | n. 背包 | n a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Emotional Knapsack?* |
| clifford | /'klifәd/ | n. 克利福德（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don’t take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonigh* |
| alverez |  | [网络] 阿尔瓦雷斯 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don’t take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonigh* |
| roland | /'rәulәnd/ | n. 罗兰（男子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I’m gonna be out with her all night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chang\|chang]] | /tʃɑ:ŋ. tʃæŋ/ | n. 青稞酒（等于chong） | n the longest river of Asia; flows eastward from Tibet into the East China Sea n | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I’m gonna be out with her all night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wham\|wham]] | /hwæm/ | n. 重打声 | v hit hard | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for cryin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]] | /'kɒnsәt/ | n. 音乐会, 和声, 一致 | n. a performance of music by players or singers not involving theatrical staging | 1 | 14 | 7 | *I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for cryin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cutest\|cutest]] |  | 装腔作势的（cute的最高级） | a separated into parts or laid open or penetrated with a sharp edge or instrumen | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, no, I have the cutest Christmas story!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dwarf\|dwarf]] | /dwɒ:f/ | n. 矮子, 侏儒 | n. a person who is markedly small | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever. Thanksgiving 1988* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#psychology\|psychology]] | /sai'kɒlәdʒi/ | n. 心理学, 心理状态 | n. the science of mental life | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building. Mr. Geller:  Hi Rachel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wilson\|wilson]] | /'wilsn/ | n. 威尔逊（姓氏） | n. author of the first novel by an African American that was published in the Un | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh hi! Mr. Geller: Wow, love your new nose! Mrs. Geller: Jack. Mr. Geller: What? Dr. Wilson's an art* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mole\|mole]] | /mәul/ | n. 痣, 鼹鼠, 防波堤, 摩尔, 克分子 | n. spicy sauce often containing chocolate | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh hi! Mr. Geller: Wow, love your new nose! Mrs. Geller: Jack. Mr. Geller: What? Dr. Wilson's an art* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cluster\|cluster]] | /'klʌstә/ | n. 串, 丛, 群, 簇 | v. come together as in a cluster or flock | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh hi! Mr. Geller: Wow, love your new nose! Mrs. Geller: Jack. Mr. Geller: What? Dr. Wilson's an art* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lacrosse\|lacrosse]] | /lә'krɒs/ | n. 长曲棍球 | n. a game invented by American Indians; now played by two teams who use long-han | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drool\|drool]] | /dru:l/ | vi. 流口水, 淌, 胡说八道 | n. saliva spilling from the mouth | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooli* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tend\|tend]] | /tend/ | vi. 走向, 有某种的倾向, 易于, 照顾, 注意 | v. have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yard]] | /jɑ:d/ | n. 码, 庭院, 工场 | n. a unit of length equal to 3 feet; defined as 91.44 centimeters; originally ta | 1 | 10 | 9 | *And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dishtowel\|dishtowel]] | /'diʃ,tajәl/ | n. <美>干毛巾布, 擦碟干布 | n. a towel for drying dishes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#righteous\|righteous]] | /'raitʃәs/ | a. 公正的, 正义的, 正直的 | a. characterized by or proceeding from accepted standards of morality or justice | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macaroni\|macaroni]] | /.mækә'rәuni/ | n. 通心面, 纨绔子弟 | n. a British dandy in the 18th century who affected Continental mannerisms | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Umm, I'd love too!  Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carrot\|carrot]] | /'kærәt/ | n. 胡萝卜 | n. deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Boy, I love carrots! Oh!  Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knife\|knife]] | /naif/ | n. 小刀, 匕首 | n. edge tool used as a cutting instrument; has a pointed blade with a sharp edge | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Boy, I love carrots! Oh!  Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#injury\|injury]] | /'indʒәri/ | n. 伤害, 侮辱 | n. any physical damage to the body caused by violence or accident or fracture et | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sever\|sever]] | /'sevә/ | vt. 切断, 脱离, 分开, 使分离, 断绝, 中断 | v. set or keep apart | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#porsche\|porsche]] |  | n. 保时捷（德国知名汽车厂商或其出产的轿车品牌名） |  | 1 | 34 | 7 | *Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche! Mr. Geller: Oh, I'm not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dork\|dork]] | /dɔ:k/ | n. <俚>笨蛋 | n a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 6 | 6 | *You're a dork.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piggy\|piggy]] | /'pigi/ | n. 小猪 | n a young pig | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, well, sorry doesn’t bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupi* |
