---
season: 5
episode: "15"
title: "The One With The Girl Who Hits Joey"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E15 — The One With The Girl Who Hits Joey

*Written by: Adam Chase*


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway, Ross is running up the stairs. Note: This show continues where the last one left off.

**Ross:** Chandler!!! Chandler!!! *(He opens the door to the apartment but is stopped by the chain; Chandler and Monica quickly stop making out and try to get dressed.)* Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]]! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! *(He kisses her and starts to climb out the balcony window.)*

**Monica:** What are you doing?!

**Chandler:** Oh, I'm going on the [[Friends-词汇总表#lamb\|lamb]].

**Monica:** Come on Chandler, come on, I can handle Ross. *(They go to the door. Ross is trying to stick his hand through and undo the chain; Monica pushes his hand back.)* *(To Ross)* Hold on! *(She opens the door.)* Hey Ross. What's up bro?

*(Ross spots Chandler and starts chasing him around the kitchen table. Chandler runs and hides behind Monica.)*

**Ross:** What the hell are doing?!!

**Rachel:** *(running from the guy's apartment with Joey in tow)* Hey, what's-what's going on?!

**Chandler:** Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.

**Joey:** *(panicking)* Dude! He's right there!

**Ross:** *(To Chandler)* I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!

**Chandler:** Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.

**Monica:** I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too.

*(There's a brief pause.)*

**Ross:** *(happily)* My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this. *(He hugs them both.)* *(To Joey and Rachel)* You guys probably wanna get some [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hugs]] in too, huh? Big news!

**Rachel:** Awww, no, it's okay, we've actually known for a while.

*(There's another pause as Ross gets angry again.)*

**Ross:** What? What? What?! You guys knew? *(Joey and Rachel backup against the door.)* You all knew and you didn't tell me?!!

**Rachel:** Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]].

*(Pause.)*

**Ross:** *(happily again)* You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]]? *(He hugs them both.)*

**Joey:** Okay, all right, [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]]! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two [[Friends-词汇总表#lovebird\|lovebirds]] get back down to business? *(Ross turns and glares at him.)* Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.

**Ross:** Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids…

**Chandler:** *(interrupting)* Whoa-whoa-whoa! We're having kids?!

**Joey:** *(quickly)* I call Godfather!

**Ross:** You can't just call Godfather. Don't you think her brother should be Godfather?

**Joey:** Sure, if you cared enough to call it first.

**Monica:** Guys, you're a few steps [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] of us.

**Chandler:** Yeah, big [[Friends-词汇总表#zero\|zero]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gravity\|gravity]] [[Friends-词汇总表#moon\|moon]] steps.

**Rachel:** Oh! Oh, I just thought of the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] wedding gift to get you.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, I'll go in on that with you! I couldn't think of anything.

**Rachel:** Okay.

*(A girl enters.)*

**Joey:** *(to her)* Oh, hey Katie! Everyone, this is Katie.

**Katie:** Hi!

**All:** Hi!

**Joey:** So, are you ready to go?

**Katie:** Yeah, I just gotta run to the bathroom.

**Joey:** Oh sure, right back there. *(Points.)*

**Katie:** Hey, where are we going to [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]?

**Joey:** I was thinking Chinese food.

**Katie:** Ohh, I love Chinese! How did you know I love Chinese?! *(She hits him repeatedly as she says that.)*

*(She heads to the bathroom and Joey sits back down.)*

**Rachel:** She is so cute! You could fit her right in your little pocket!

**Joey:** I don't know. I mean I like her a lot, and she's really nice, but…

**Monica:** But what?

**Joey:** *(shyly)* She keeps [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punching]] me.

*(They all laugh.)*

**Monica:** In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?

**Joey:** Hey, it's a lot [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] than it looks! Okay? *(Quietly)* She-she-she's hurting me.

**Monica:** I know what you need, you need a [[Friends-词汇总表#bodyguard\|bodyguard]]. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after [[Friends-词汇总表#preschool\|preschool]]?

**Chandler:** Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beating]] him up.

**Rachel:** Aww, Joey, come here. *(She takes his hand.)* Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, he's unpacking after moving in. There's a knock on the door and he answers it.

**Ross:** *(opens it to reveal Phoebe)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey! I brought you some house [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warming]] gifts.

**Ross:** Aww.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Salt, so your life always has [[Friends-词汇总表#flavor\|flavor]].

**Ross:** Huh.

**Phoebe:** Bread, so you never go [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]].

**Ross:** Ohh.

**Phoebe:** And a [[Friends-词汇总表#scent\|scented]] [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]] for the bathroom, because well, y'know.

**Ross:** Thanks. Thanks. And thanks again.

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

*(The door across the hall opens and a guy walks into Ross's apartment.)*

**Guy:** Hi!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Guy:** Welcome to the building. I'm uh, Steve Sarah; I'm president of the [[Friends-词汇总表#tenant\|tenants]] committee.

**Ross:** Oh hi! Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.

**Steve:** Oh hi Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Mr. President.

**Steve:** I came to talk to you about Howard.

**Ross:** Howard?

**Steve:** Yeah, he's the [[Friends-词汇总表#handy\|handy]] man. He's gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#retire\|retiring]] next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in a 100 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] as a thank you for all the hard work type of thing.

**Ross:** Oh that's nice.

**Steve:** Yeah. So, do you want to give a check? Or…

**Ross:** Oh. Uhh…

**Steve:** Oh look, you don't have to give it too me right now! You can [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] it under my door. *(Points to his apartment across the hall.)*

**Ross:** No-no, it's not that, it's just… I-I just moved in.

**Steve:** Well, the guy's worked here for 25 years.

**Ross:** Yes, but I've lived here for 25 minutes.

**Steve:** Oh, okay, I get it. *(Starts to leave.)*

**Ross:** No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.

**Steve:** Howard's the [[Friends-词汇总表#handy\|handy]] man!

**Ross:** Yes but too me he's just, man.

**Steve:** Okay, fine, whatever. Welcome to the building. *(Exits.)*

**Ross:** *(To Phoebe)* Ugh, can you believe that guy!

**Phoebe:** Yeah. I really like his glasses.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross is lamenting to Chandler and Rachel about his troubles in his new building.

**Ross:** …so then President Steve told everyone that I was a [[Friends-词汇总表#cheapskate\|cheapskate]], and now the whole building hates me! A little kid [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]]! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he [[Friends-词汇总表#belief\|believes]] in. A man with [[Friends-词汇总表#principle\|principles]].

**Chandler:** *(To Rachel)* Sounds like a fun party.

**Rachel:** Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbors]] to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.

**Ross:** It doesn't matter! It's my [[Friends-词汇总表#principle\|principles]]! We're talking about my principles!

**Rachel:** Okay, I thought it was about your [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbors]] liking you.

**Ross:** Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some [[Friends-词汇总表#nametags\|nametags]]. *(Exits.)*

**Rachel:** And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.

**Chandler:** Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.

**Rachel:** Umm, Chandler, you do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head.

**Chandler:** Wh-wh-why?!

**Rachel:** Well, because she loves you and because you love her.

**Chandler:** Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!

**Rachel:** Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.

**Chandler:** I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I’m right. I'm right. Am I right?

**Rachel:** No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.

**Chandler:** Okay. It's not different at all, is it?

**Rachel:** Not unless different means the same.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is sitting on the couch with Katie.

**Katie:** You were so funny with that [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]]! You're such a [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]]! *(She slaps her thighs, Joey jerks, and spills some of his coffee.)*

**Joey:** *(sets the coffee down)* Y'know, [[Friends-词汇总表#breadstick\|breadstick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fang\|fangs]] are always funny.

**Katie:** No, you make them funny. You're the funny one! *(She punches him again and he retreats to the arm of the couch.)*

**Joey:** Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you, when you [[Friends-词汇总表#playfully\|playfully]] [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] but very real [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]].

**Katie:** Aww, like I could hurt you. Are you making fun of my size? Don't make fun of me because of my size! *(She punches him again and almost knocks him off the arm of the couch.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Monica are curled up on one of the chairs.

**Monica:** Isn't this great?

**Chandler:** Hmm.

**Monica:** Couldn't you just stay like this [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]? *(His eyes snap open.)* Chandler! Couldn't you just stay here [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]?

**Chandler:** Yeah, here, [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] else, y'know where-where ever. *(Gets up.)*

**Monica:** Are you okay?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I'm cool. Casual.

**Monica:** What-what are you doing?

**Chandler:** I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing [[Friends-词汇总表#casually\|casually]].

**Monica:** Man, I knew it! I knew you were going to do this!!

**Chandler:** What?!

**Monica:** Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] and stuff.

**Chandler:** Well, you do want all that stuff, right?

**Monica:** Oh and you know what I want!

**Chandler:** Yes! You want babies! You have baby [[Friends-词汇总表#fever\|fever]]!

**Monica:** I do not have baby [[Friends-词汇总表#fever\|fever]]!

**Chandler:** Oh please, you are [[Friends-词汇总表#obsess\|obsessed]] with babies and-and [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure [[Friends-词汇总表#cooker\|cooker]]?!

**Monica:** Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]!

**Chandler:** Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!

**Monica:** You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?! *(She storms out.)*

**Chandler:** Well, I did not know that.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is getting advice from Ross and Joey.

**Chandler:** It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#fixable\|fixable]]. Ross and Joey: Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Absolutely.

**Chandler:** By me?

**Ross:** Oh, no!

**Joey:** No-no.

**Ross:** Well, unless you make some kind of big [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]].

**Joey:** Yeah, big!

*(Monica enters.)*

**Joey:** Uh-oh, shht! The Misses.

**Monica:** Gunther, can I get a coffee *(Looks at Chandler)* to go?

**Chandler:** Monica. *(Goes to talk to her.)*

**Monica:** I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.

**Chandler:** Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.

**Monica:** What?!

**Chandler:** Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.

**Monica:** Really? I'm really [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] of being your relationship [[Friends-词汇总表#tutor\|tutor]]. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one. *(She walks out.)*

*(Chandler turns to watch her go and then sees Ross and Joey both with huge grimaces on their faces.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, he's having his party, only he's the only guest. He gets up and puts on a nametag that says Ross, but doesn't quite like it. So he takes it off and puts on one that says Dr. Geller and he puts the Ross one underneath the Dr. Geller one. Then as he turns off the music, we hear the party for Howard raging in the apartment across the hall.

**Party Guests:** *(chanting)* Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! *(Ross goes to investigate the noise)* Howard! Howard! Howard! *(They're holding Howard above their heads.)* Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! *(He sees Phoebe chanting along with them.)* Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Yay!!

**Ross:** Phoebe! *(He grabs her arm to get her attention.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, hi Ross!

**Ross:** What are you doing?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it’s a party for Howard. He's just the [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetest\|sweetest]] little man! *(A guest walks up to her.)* Guest #1: See ya Phoebe! Oh and hey, thanks for [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chipping]] in!

**Ross:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chipped]] in?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, uh-huh, a 100 dollars.

**Ross:** Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally [[Friends-词汇总表#unreasonable\|unreasonable]] that they asked me for that money!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#exotic\|exotic]], [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]]. That's always fun to be.

**Ross:** Yeah, but you're making me look bad!

**Phoebe:** No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!

**Steve:** *(walking up)* Oh hey, Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Steve:** Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about. *(Walks away.)*

*(Ross turns and glares at Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah, okay, my bad.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is getting some coffee as Joey enters. He's looking a little puffy, but that's probably from the large number of different color sweaters he's wearing.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi! Wow! You look, you look…big.

**Joey:** Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] that I'm wearing six [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweaters]]?

**Rachel:** Uhhh, yeah. But it's not [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] why.

**Joey:** Well look, I’m breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|padding]]. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?

**Katie:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Joey:** Hey! Hiya!

**Rachel:** Hey! Hey, cute [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]]!

**Katie:** Oh, thanks! That's so sweet! *(She punches Rachel like she punched Joey.)*

**Rachel:** Oh! Ow! *(Joey motions, "You see what I mean?!")*

**Katie:** Oh, ow! Did Joey tell you to say that? You guys, *(Punches Joey)* are too much! *(Punches Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Whoa! *(Laughs)* Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much. *(She punches Katie back.)*

**Katie:** Ohh, Joey has the [[Friends-词汇总表#nicest\|nicest]] friends! *(She punches Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh, and the [[Friends-词汇总表#nicest\|nicest]] girlfriend! *(She retaliates.)*

**Katie:** You're so sweet! *(Punches Rachel yet again.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh, you're so sweet! *(She kicks Katie in the shin.)*

**Katie:** Oww!!!! Joey, she just kicked me.

**Joey:** Huh.

**Katie:** Well? Aren't you gonna do something?

**Joey:** Uhh….

**Katie:** You'd better do something, or I'm gonna walk out that door right now! Well? Are you gonna?

**Joey:** Nah.

*(She looks at Rachel and storms out. After she's left Joey hugs Rachel in thanks.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Howard's party, Phoebe is talking Ross up to two more partygoers. Ross isn't happy about it.

**Ross:** *(trying to get her attention)* Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** *(ignoring him and continuing her conversation)* That's what I'm saying.

*(Laughs.)*

**Ross:** *(tapping her on the shoulder)* Phoebe? Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** Ooh. *(Turns to him.)*

**Ross:** Look, this is a [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disaster]]! Can't I please just go?

**Phoebe:** No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay?

*(They go to the food table.)*

**Ross:** So uh, what did you tell them about me?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some [[Friends-词汇总表#sympathy\|sympathy]].

**Ross:** Ohh. *(He cuts himself a piece of cake.)*

**Phoebe:** But [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] you came off as the bad guy.

**Ross:** What?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.

**Ross:** *(trying a piece of cake)* Ohh, this [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] is really good!

**Phoebe:** Oh, okay, see? Things are looking up already! Guest #2: *(sees the cake)* Oh my God! Someone cut Howard's [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]! *(Ross tries dumping it into a nearby plant.)* Who would do a think like that?

*(Steve goes over to look at Ross who's trying to look cool, but has some frosting on his lip.)*

**Steve:** 3-B!

**All:** Oh yeah, aww!

**Steve:** Okay, you got your free food! You [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]] everyone's fun! Don't you think it's time you went home?! Guest #3: Yeah, leave!

**All:** Yeah, get out! Now!

**Steve:** Go back to 3-B, 3-B!

**Phoebe:** All right, everyone [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? *(Ross is the only one who raises his hand and Phoebe glares at him to put his hand back down.)* Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raised]] his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two [[Friends-词汇总表#nametags\|nametags]]! *(He takes one off.)* I-I'll be [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]]. I mean, all I'm saying is don't [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know [[Friends-词汇总表#abrasive\|abrasive]] drunk, umm Lola, mind [[Friends-词汇总表#numbingly\|numbingly]] stupid! And okay, you guys *(She turns to an elderly gentleman and a 20 something woman, who're a couple.)* *(To the girl)* Gold-digger, *(To the old guy)* [[Friends-词汇总表#cradle\|cradle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|robbing]] perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross and Phoebe have been banished to Ross's place.

**Phoebe:** Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept [[Friends-词汇总表#insult\|insulting]] everyone, you would jump in and [[Friends-词汇总表#defend\|defend]] everyone and then you could look like the [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]].

**Ross:** Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler comes running in. Everyone else is already there.

**Chandler:** Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]]! Is she here?

**Monica:** *(raising her hand)* I'm Monica.

**Chandler:** I need to talk to you, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]]!

**Monica:** Okay.

**Chandler:** Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this. *(He slowly and awkwardly gets down on one knee.)*

**Monica:** Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!

**Chandler:** *(getting out a ring box)* Monica…

**Monica:** No-no, don't-don't-don't do it!

**Chandler:** Will you marry me?

*(Phoebe hides her eyes in shame. Rachel is starring at them wide-eyed and open-mouthed. Joey and Ross are stunned to temporary silence.)*

**Ross:** Oh-no. No. No.

**Joey:** What a bad idea!

**Rachel:** Ohhhh, I cannot look at it! *(She doesn't move.)*

**Monica:** Chandler, why are you doing this?

**Chandler:** I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.

**Monica:** Chandler.

**Chandler:** I'm doing this because I'm sorry?

**Monica:** Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?

**Chandler:** No, the best reason to get married is [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]]. Sorry is pretty much [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. *(Laughs.)* Will you be my wife?

**Monica:** *(kneels with him)* Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] this sounds.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.

**Monica:** Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!

**Chandler:** Yeah I know, but I was really [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]] and then I talked to these guys. *(Turns to look at Ross and Joey.)*

**Monica:** Who? Two divorces and Joey?!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Joey:** She's right y'know.

**Ross:** Yeah, but still, cheap [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]]!

**Monica:** Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.

**Chandler:** I didn't think I was!

*(They hug.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?

**Chandler:** Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] in that door. *(Points at the door.)* Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Everyone is there.

**Joey:** Hey Ross, will you pass me that [[Friends-词汇总表#knife\|knife]]?

**Ross:** No, I will not!

**Joey:** Oh, it's okay. You don't have to be so mean about it.

**Ross:** You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me?

*(They all laugh.)*

**Phoebe:** Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.

**Rachel:** Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?

**Chandler:** Okay, how long is this going to go on.

**Monica:** Well I think the length of [[Friends-词汇总表#tease\|teasing]] is directly related to how [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] you were so, a long time.

**Ross:** This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?" Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me? *(Laughs--whines as he sees that no one is laughing. They're just staring at him in shock.)*

**Chandler:** That's not funny.

**Joey:** That's not funny at all!

*(They all get up and leave.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（39）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 5 | 181 | 87 | *Chandler!!! Chandler!!!  Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 4 | 186 | 106 | *She is so cute! You could fit her right in your little pocket!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 4 | 422 | 131 | *Will you marry me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 2 | 133 | 83 | *Yeah, I just gotta run to the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay?  She-she-she's hurting me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Oh. Uhh…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell are doing?!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids…* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Oh hi! Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Okay, fine, whatever. Welcome to the building.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *…so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *…so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *…so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *…so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? T* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relatio* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Ohh, and the nicest girlfriend!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Who? Two divorces and Joey?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.* |

### 常用词（59）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 4 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, Joey, come here.  Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 3 | 93 | 40 | *Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]] | /ri'ækt/ | vi. 起反应, 起作用, 反攻 | v. show a response or a reaction to something | 2 | 12 | 11 | *Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 2 | 73 | 48 | *Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]] | /'neibә/ | n. 邻居 | n. a person who lives (or is located) near another | 2 | 19 | 12 | *Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? T* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 2 | 58 | 48 | *Couldn't you just stay like this forever?  Chandler! Couldn't you just stay here forever?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] | /'dʒenәrәs/ | a. 慷慨的, 有雅量的, 大量的, 丰富的 | a. willing to give and share unstintingly | 2 | 18 | 13 | *Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] | /'ɒbviәs/ | a. 明显的, 明白的, 显然的, 平淡无奇的 | a. easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind | 2 | 20 | 17 | *Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 2 | 67 | 29 | *Ohh, this cake is really good!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 2 | 55 | 42 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] | /'laiftaim/ | n. 一生, 终生 | n the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death) | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this.   You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too,* |
| awww |  | n. 啊啊… |  | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Awww, no, it's okay, we've actually known for a while.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Oh! Oh, I just thought of the greatest wedding gift to get you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Hey, where are we going to lunch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] | /pʌntʃ/ | n. 打洞器, 钻孔机, 冲压机, 冲床, 潘趣酒 | n. (boxing) a blow with the fist | 1 | 27 | 17 | *She keeps punching me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay?  She-she-she's hurting me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *Hey! I brought you some house warming gifts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]] | /sɒ:lt/ | n. 盐, 风趣, 刺激 | n. a compound formed by replacing hydrogen in an acid by a metal (or a radical t | 1 | 20 | 11 | *Yeah. Salt, so your life always has flavor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bread\|bread]] | /bred/ | n. 面包, 生计, 食物 | n. food made from dough of flour or meal and usually raised with yeast or baking | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Bread, so you never go hungry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Bread, so you never go hungry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]] | /'kændl/ | n. 蜡烛 | n. stick of wax with a wick in the middle | 1 | 33 | 22 | *And a scented candle for the bathroom, because well, y'know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] | /slip/ | n. 滑, 滑行, 事故, 溜, 差错, 滑台, 下降, 插条, 后裔, 板条, 瘦长的年轻人 | n. a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed in speech or writing or in small | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Oh look, you don't have to give it too me right now! You can slip it under my door.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] | /spit/ | n. 唾液, 唾吐, 小雨, 炙叉, 一铲的深度 | n. a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea | 1 | 26 | 22 | *…so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *…so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *…so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] | /'ɒ:sәm/ | a. 引起敬畏的, 可怕的 | s inspiring awe or admiration or wonder | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some na* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] | /'weitә/ | n. 侍者 | n. a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant) | 1 | 30 | 18 | *You were so funny with that waiter! You're such a nut!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *You were so funny with that waiter! You're such a nut!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] | /bæt/ | n. 蝙蝠, 球棒 | n. nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings a | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *Yeah, here, somewhere else, y'know where-where ever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relatio* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relatio* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] | /'dʒestʃә/ | n. 手势, 姿态 | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Well, unless you make some kind of big gesture.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] | /'streindʒә/ | n. 陌生人, 门外汉 | n. anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?* |
| uhhh |  | [网络] 让她说；我喜欢它；巴洛夫斯克机场 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Well look, I’m breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Hey! Hey, cute jacket!* |
| oww |  | [网络] 哦哇；创业投资公司；冲瓦可维株式会社 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Oww!!!! Joey, she just kicked me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] | /'sʌmhau/ | adv. 不知何故 | r. in some unspecified way or manner; or by some unspecified means | 1 | 12 | 11 | *But somehow you came off as the bad guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Okay, you got your free food! You ruined everyone's fun! Don't you think it's time you went home?! G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] | /'ɒnist/ | a. 诚实的, 坦直的, 可靠的 | a. not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent | 1 | 29 | 26 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]] | /'hiәrәu/ | n. 英雄, 超越常人者, 男主角 | n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting e* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh, I cannot look at it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] | /'preɡnәnsi/ | n. 怀孕；丰富, 多产；意义深长 | n. the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman | 1 | 19 | 14 | *No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | num. 第四, 四分之一 | n. following the third position; number four in a countable series | 1 | 21 | 15 | *No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being re* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shape]] | /ʃeip/ | n. 形状, 形态, 外形, 形式, 身材 | n. any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.* |

### 低频词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#howard\|howard]] | /'hauәd/ | n. 霍华德（男子名） | n. English actor of stage and screen (1893-1943) | 7 | 7 | 1 | *I came to talk to you about Howard.* |
| katie | /'keiti/ | n. 卡蒂（女子名, 等于Kate） |  | 5 | 12 | 3 | *Oh, hey Katie! Everyone, this is Katie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#godfather\|godfather]] | /'gɒdfɑ:ðә/ | n. 教父 | n. any man who serves as a sponsor for a child at baptism | 3 | 6 | 2 | *I call Godfather!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#principle\|principle]] | /'prinsipl/ | n. 原则, 原理, 主义 | n. a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a bas | 3 | 7 | 5 | *…so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handy\|handy]] | /'hændi/ | a. 便利的, 敏捷的, 容易取得的 | n. United States blues musician who transcribed and published traditional blues  | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nametags\|nametags]] |  | (nametag 的复数) n. 名牌；用户标签 | plural of nametag | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some na* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fever\|fever]] | /'fi:vә/ | n. 发烧, 发热, 热病 | n. a rise in the temperature of the body; frequently a symptom of infection | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nicest\|nicest]] | /'naɪsɪst/ | 最美好的, 最令人愉快的（nice的最高级） | a pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Ohh, Joey has the nicest friends!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]] | /'ә:dʒәnt/ | a. 紧急的, 急迫的, 催逼的 | s compelling immediate action | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamb\|lamb]] | /læm/ | n. 小羊, 羔羊 | n. young sheep | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, I'm going on the lamb.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovebird\|lovebird]] | /'lʌvbә:d/ | n. 小鹦鹉类 | n. small African parrot noted for showing affection for their mates | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zero\|zero]] | /'ziәrәu/ | n. 零, 零点, 零度, 无, 乌有, 最低点 | n. a mathematical element that when added to another number yields the same numb | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gravity\|gravity]] | /'græviti/ | n. 地心引力, 重力 | n. (physics) the force of attraction between all masses in the universe; especia | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moon\|moon]] | /mu:n/ | n. 月亮, 月球, 月光 | n. the natural satellite of the Earth | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bodyguard\|bodyguard]] | /'bɒdigɑ:d/ | n. 保镖, 护卫 | n. someone who escorts and protects a prominent person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#preschool\|preschool]] | /'pri:'sku:l/ | a. 就学前的 | n. an educational institution for children too young for elementary school | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flavor\|flavor]] | /'fleivә/ | n. 滋味, 调味品 | n. (physics) the six kinds of quarks | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah. Salt, so your life always has flavor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scent\|scent]] | /sent/ | n. 气味, 香味, 香水, 踪迹, 痕迹, 线索, 嗅觉 | n. an odor left in passing by which a person or animal can be traced | 1 | 5 | 5 | *And a scented candle for the bathroom, because well, y'know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sarah\|sarah]] | /'sєәrә/ | n. 萨拉(<<圣经>>故事人物) | n. (Old Testament) the wife of Abraham and mother of Isaac | 1 | 14 | 6 | *Welcome to the building. I'm uh, Steve Sarah; I'm president of the tenants committee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tenant\|tenant]] | /'tenәnt/ | n. 承租人, 房客, 居住者 | n. someone who pays rent to use land or a building or a car that is owned by som | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Welcome to the building. I'm uh, Steve Sarah; I'm president of the tenants committee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#retire\|retire]] | /ri'taiә/ | n. 隐居 | v. go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's positio | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheapskate\|cheapskate]] | /'tʃi:pskeit/ | n. <美俚>守财奴,吝啬鬼 | n. a miserly person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me!* |
| monicas |  | [网络] 品牌；魔霓卡斯 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived acr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breadstick\|breadstick]] |  | 棍子面包；面包棒 | n. a crisp stick-shaped roll; often served with soup | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fang\|fang]] | /'fæŋ/ | n. 尖牙, 犬牙 | n. a Bantu language spoken in Cameroon | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#playfully\|playfully]] |  | adv. 开玩笑地；好游玩地 | r. in a playful manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#casual\|casual]] | /'kæʒjuәl/ | a. 偶然的, 不经意的, 便装的 | s. marked by blithe unconcern | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah, I'm cool. Casual.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#casually\|casually]] | /'kæʒjuәli/ | adv. 偶然地, 临时地, 随便地 | r. not methodically or according to plan | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsess\|obsess]] | /әb'ses/ | vt. 迷住, 使困扰 | v. be preoccupied with something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooker\|cooker]] | /'kukә/ | n. 炊事用具, 炉灶, 锅, 炊具, 烹饪用水果, 窜改者, 伪造者 | n. a utensil for cooking | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fixable\|fixable]] | /'fiksәbl/ | a. 可固定的 | a. Capable of being fixed. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable. Ross and Joey:* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tutor\|tutor]] | /'tju:tә/ | n. 家庭教师, 导师, 助教, 监护人 | v. be a tutor to someone; give individual instruction | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetest\|sweetest]] |  | a. 最甜蜜的 | a having or denoting the characteristic taste of sugar | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it’s a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chip]] | /tʃip/ | n. 屑片, 薄片, 碎片 | n. a triangular wooden float attached to the end of a log line | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it’s a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unreasonable\|unreasonable]] | /.ʌn'ri:znәbl/ | a. 不合理的, 过度的, 不切实际的 | a. not reasonable; not showing good judgment | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exotic\|exotic]] | /ig'zɒtik/ | a. 异国的, 外来的 | s. strikingly strange or unusual | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pad]] | /pæd/ | n. 填补, 衬垫, 印色盒, 路 | n. a number of sheets of paper fastened together along one edge | 1 | 12 | 7 | *Well look, I’m breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hiya\|hiya]] | /'haijә/ | int. 你好! |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey! Hiya!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disaster]] | /di'zɑ:stә/ | n. 灾祸, 不幸, 彻底失败 | n. an act that has disastrous consequences | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sympathy\|sympathy]] | /'simpәθi/ | n. 同情, 赞同, 怜悯, 慰问, 吊唁 | n. an inclination to support or be loyal to or to agree with an opinion | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.* |
| kurt | /kә:t/ | n. 库尔特（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#abrasive\|abrasive]] | /ә'breisiv/ | n. 研磨料 | n. a substance that abrades or wears down | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| lola | /'lәjlә/ | n. 洛拉（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#numbingly\|numbingly]] | /'nʌmɪŋlɪ/ | adv. 使麻木地, 使失去感觉地 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cradle\|cradle]] | /'kreidl/ | n. 摇篮, 发祥地, 孩提时代 | n. a baby bed with sides and rockers | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|rob]] | /rɒb/ | v. 抢夺, 抢掠, 剥夺 | v. take something away by force or without the consent of the owner | 1 | 11 | 9 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| perv | /pɜ:v/ | abbr. perversion 颠倒 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insult\|insult]] | /'insʌlt/ | n. 侮辱, 无礼, 损害 | n. a deliberately offensive act or something producing the effect of deliberate  | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#defend\|defend]] | /di'fend/ | vt. 防护, 辩护, 防卫 | v. argue or speak in defense of | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knife\|knife]] | /naif/ | n. 小刀, 匕首 | n. edge tool used as a cutting instrument; has a pointed blade with a sharp edge | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Hey Ross, will you pass me that knife?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tease\|tease]] | /ti:z/ | n. 揶揄, 戏弄, 逗惹 | n. someone given to teasing (as by mocking or stirring curiosity) | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.* |
