---
season: 5
episode: "18"
title: "The One Where Rachel Smokes"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E18 — The One Where Rachel Smokes

*Written by: Michael Curtis*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are there. Joey is holding a deck of cards out to Chandler.

**Joey:** Okay, pick a card.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(He picks the 9 of Spades)*

**Joey:** All right now, [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorize]] it. *(Pause)* You got it?

**Chandler:** Oh yes.

**Joey:** *(holding up the Queen of Clubs)* Is that your card? *(He winks and smiles.)*

**Chandler:** *(pause)* Yes.

*(Joey laughs then realizes the trick didn't work when Chandler hands him his card back.)*

**Carol:** *(entering with Ben and Ross)* Hey guys!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Chandler:** Hi there!

**Ben:** Hi!!

**Carol:** Guess what? Ben is going to be in a TV commercial!

**Phoebe:** What are you talking about?!

**Ross:** *(sets Ben down)* Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|auditioning]].

**Joey:** *(reading the card)* Whoa! This guy is like the [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] commercial casting director in town! *(Ross gasps)* Ben takes one [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] walk in the park and gets an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]!!

*(Ross and Carol stare at him, then Joey realizes what he just said.) I mean, way to go Ben! (Gives Ben the thumbs up, which Ben returns.) Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.*

**Ross:** I know, it's crazy! We were just [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]] Ben on the [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swings]]…

**Joey:** I'm always on the [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swings]]! What am I doing wrong?!

**Chandler:** That.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is eating breakfast, Ross is heading for the bathroom.

**Rachel:** *(entering from her room)* Okay, gotta go! Wish me luck!

**Joey:** Luck!

**Chandler:** Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those [[Friends-词汇总表#polo\|polo]] shirts?

**Rachel:** Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] stealing on my very first day…

**Chandler:** Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.

**Monica:** Besides, if anybody's gonna get free stuff, it's gonna be me.

**Rachel:** Okay guys, way to wish me luck!

**All:** Good luck! Go get 'em! *(Rachel exits.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, let's discuss Rachel's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.

**Joey:** Whoa-whoa, but her [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] isn't like for another month.

**Phoebe:** Yeah but if we throw her a party on her [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]], then it's not a surprise.

**Monica:** I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.

**Joey:** Ross!! We're having a surprise party for Rachel!!

**Ross:** *(from the bathroom)* Okay!!

**Joey:** Done.

**Phoebe:** Okay, great so do you want to do it together?

**Monica:** I would love to do it together!

*(Joey starts to giggle.)*

**Joey:** They're gonna do it together.

**Chandler:** Dude! That's my girlfriend!

**Joey:** What, so I gotta [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] it down now?

**Ross:** All right, I gotta take off. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] up Ben then we're off to the big [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]].

**Monica:** It's gonna be weird to watch some actor [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]] to be Ben's dad.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Weirder than watching his two moms make out? *(Monica nods in agreement.)*

**Joey:** Whoa-whoa dad? There's a dad in the commercial?

**Ross:** Yeah the dad and Ben eat [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] to enjoy it.

**Joey:** Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his [[Friends-词汇总表#godfather\|godfather]].

**Ross:** You're not his [[Friends-词汇总表#godfather\|godfather]].

**Joey:** What?! Are you kidding?!

**Ross:** *(Pause)* Of course I am! *(Joey is relieved)* Okay, let's go [[Friends-词汇总表#godfather\|godfather]].

**Joey:** All right!

*(As they walk out he motions to Chandler that he is still Ben's godfather.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ben's audition, Carol, Ross, and Ben along with about 10 more families are in a waiting room as Joey enters happily.

**Joey:** Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]!

**Ross:** Really? That's great!

**Joey:** I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I [[Friends-词汇总表#steer\|steered]] clear of her…

**Carol:** *(noticing a kid who has picked up a copy of Variety to read)* Hey, that kid looks [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]].

**Joey:** Oh yeah, yeah! He's done [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|tons]] of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convinced]] me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad….

**Ross:** Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way [[Friends-词汇总表#cuter\|cuter]] than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you, *(Starts to whine like a baby and Joey just glares at him.)*

**Joey:** That's great. Listen, wouldn't it be great though if I got to play Ben's dad?

**Ross:** Joey, you look nothing like Ben.

**Joey:** I look more like him than you do! *(He winks at Carol.)*

**Carol:** Y'know, I don't really know you well enough for you to do that.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's new job, she's in her new boss's office (Kim's) and with the other assistant (Nancy). Together they're deciding what clothes to buy or something, who knows, let's all watch/read to find out.

**Kim:** So it's down to these two, Nancy I know you like this one and I think I agree. Rachel, what do you think?

**Rachel:** Well umm, that one is pretty but uh, I just, I just love this [[Friends-词汇总表#fabric\|fabric]] *(On the other one.)* Sorry.

**Kim:** Oh don't be sorry, that's part of your job here to give your opinions and then I take credit for them--I'm kidding.

**Nancy:** She is kidding, but don't ever [[Friends-词汇总表#disagree\|disagree]] with her again. Okay, now I'm kidding!

**Rachel:** *(laughing nervously)* Oh, what a fun office.

**Kim:** I don't know which one, but I do know I need a [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]]. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?

*(They all get up to leave.)*

**Kim:** *(at the door)* Rachel? Do you [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]]?

**Rachel:** Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just [[Friends-词汇总表#horror\|horror]] stories…*(stops and tries to change directions)*…about [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghosts]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#goblin\|goblins]] who totally supported the princess's right to [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is telling Chandler and Monica about her day.

**Rachel:** …and then they came back from [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]] and they had made all of the decisions without me!

**Monica:** That doesn't seem fair.

**Rachel:** I know! It's like I'm being [[Friends-词汇总表#punish\|punished]] for not having this [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgusting]], [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poisoning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#habit\|habit]]!

**Chandler:** Yeah, it is the best.

**Rachel:** I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]], making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathing]] my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?

**Monica:** Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]]. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.

**Rachel:** Yeah, I can do that.

**Chandler:** Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]].

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey Rach, you wanna get some coffee?

**Rachel:** I would love to!

**Phoebe:** Oh good!

**Chandler:** Yeah, I wanna go to [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]].

**Phoebe:** Oh good.

*(They all start out.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh wait, I change my mind! *(She slams the door on them.)* Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas! *(Holds up a cocktail napkin.)*

**Monica:** Yeah, me too! *(Runs and grabs her 3-ring binder of ideas.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, look at that.

**Monica:** All right, that's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#sketch\|sketch]] of the [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]], umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] food, and for music, here's an [[Friends-词汇总表#alphabetize\|alphabetized]] list of all my CDs! I've [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlighted]] the ones that would go really good with the food.

**Phoebe:** What happened to the [[Friends-词汇总表#intimate\|intimate]] dinner party?

**Monica:** Oh, we're not doing that. Okay…

**Phoebe:** So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.

**Monica:** What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] of things for you to do!

**Phoebe:** Like what?

**Monica:** *(Thinks)* Cups.

**Phoebe:** Cups? You're giving me cups?

**Monica:** And ice!

**Phoebe:** Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice? *(Thinks of something)* All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!

**Monica:** Wait a minute, I can get ice at the restaurant…

**Phoebe:** I got it! Mine!

**Ross:** *(entering, downtrodden)* Hi.

**Monica:** Hey! How'd the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] go?!

**Ross:** Not so good.

**Monica:** Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's *(sadly)* "Audition didn't go so well. *(Happily)* Yeah it did?"

**Ross:** *(Pause)* Yeah I am! Yeah, Ben got a second [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]!

**Joey:** *(also downtrodden)* Yeah, I had to [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] Ross my [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] because I actually didn't get a [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]].

**Monica:** You got a [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] too didn't you?

**Joey:** *(Happily)* Yeah I did!


> [!scene] Scene: The smoker's balcony, Rachel is out to join Kim and Nancy.

**Kim:** Hey Rachel, what are you doing out here?

**Rachel:** Oh well, it's kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]] up there, so I just thought I would come out here and get some fresh air.

**Kim:** Nancy and I were talking about the fall collection.

**Rachel:** Oh great!

**Kim:** So anyway we really… *(Someone exhales and Rachel turns and coughs.)* Honey, we're just [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]] all over you.

**Nancy:** Oh, sorry!

**Rachel:** Oh that's okay.

**Kim:** No-no-no, we'll move you just stay right there. *(They walk away.)*

**Nancy:** So anyway I sent the designs over to Ralph and he's very excited about the line.

**Kim:** Oh that's great! You are the best!

*(Rachel gets fed up and heads over to another smoker.)*

**Rachel:** Excuse me, can I, can I [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] one of those? *(He holds up his pack.)* Y'know what, actually… *(She takes the one he's smoking and heads over to where Nancy and Kim are standing and laughing.)* Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?

**Nancy:** I thought you didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]].

**Rachel:** Oh, I thought you guys meant [[Friends-词汇总表#marijuana\|marijuana]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]], y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] the regular ones all, all the time.

**Kim:** We get high.

**Rachel:** Oh, me too.

**Kim:** I'm kidding.

**Rachel:** *(Laughs)* Oh, me too.


> [!scene] Scene: Ben and Joey's (Isn't that an ice cream??) callback.

**Ross:** Oh God, this is so [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wrack\|wracking]]! How-how do you do this?

**Joey:** Well, [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]], I don't get many [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callbacks]] so…

**Carol:** Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]?

**Joey:** Who knows?

**The Casting Director:** *(entering)* Okay uh, we have narrowed it down to Raymond, Ben, Kyle, and Joey. The rest of you, thank you very much.

**Ross:** Yes!! I knew it!! *(To the people who didn't make it.)* Bye-bye! So long! Later!

**Joey:** Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!

**Ross:** Yeah!

**The Casting Director:** Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two *(Points to Joey and Raymond)* or you two. *(Points to Kyle and Ben.)* *(Exits.)*

**Joey:** Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.

**Ross:** Yeah, it is.

**Kyle:** Yeah. It's gonna be weird.

**Ross:** No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.

**Kyle:** Oh, oh, I thought we were just talking.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Chandler are talking.

**Phoebe:** *(entering, carrying two garbage bags)* Hey! Ross and Chandler: Hi!

**Phoebe:** Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] party?

**Chandler:** Ah sure. What's in 'em?

**Phoebe:** Umm, cups.

**Chandler:** Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 [[Friends-词汇总表#gallon\|gallons]] of water.

**Ross:** Seriously that's a lot of cups.

**Phoebe:** Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#rue\|rue]] the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.

**Chandler:** Y'know I [[Friends-词汇总表#rue\|rued]] the day once…didn't get a whole lot else done.

**Phoebe:** Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. *(She goes and opens the door to Joey.)* Oh, hi Joey!

**Joey:** Hey Pheebs! *(To the guys)* Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Joey:** Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.

**Ross:** What's up?

**Joey:** Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us [[Friends-词汇总表#compete\|competing]], and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]]. I'm gonna tell them that I won't [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]].

**Ross:** Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.

**Joey:** That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!

**Ross:** Well, you just…

**Joey:** I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] it should be Ben!

**Ross:** What?!

**Joey:** What? Chandler! Tell 'em!

**Chandler:** *(shocked)* Well I mean, let me get the door first. *(Goes and opens the door.)* Oh, hi! No one. *(Exits.)*

**Ross:** Why should Ben step [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]]? It was his [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.

**Joey:** At least I care about his [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]]!

**Ross:** What?!

**Joey:** Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn’t get it?

**Ross:** And why wouldn't he get it?

**Joey:** Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dials]] phones! He-he-he eats [[Friends-词汇总表#tortilla\|tortilla]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chips]]! He-he plays [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] with the [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tiger\|tiger]]!

**Ross:** Are you saying your kid eats [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] better than my kid?

**Joey:** You just give him a [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] baby!

**Ross:** Oh yeah? I guess we'll just see!

**Joey:** Yeah! Because this commercial [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belongs]] to me and Mitch!

**Ross:** You're kid's name is Raymond!

**Joey:** Yeah?! So's yours!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Monica are there as Rachel enters.

**Monica:** *(To Rachel)* How did work go?

**Rachel:** Oh it was great! It was great! I went down there just like you said, y'know? And we talked business. Kim totally took my opinions.

**Monica:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]]!

**Rachel:** Thanks!

**Monica:** No, I'm-I'm serious!

**Rachel:** Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]]. This is actually the smell of success.

**Chandler:** Okay, there's something different though--Oh my God! You [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoked]]!

**Rachel:** I did not!

**Chandler:** Yes you did! You look happy and [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]; you [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoked]]!

**Rachel:** All right, fine! But I had too! I had to do it for my career!

**Chandler:** I wish I had [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoked]] for my career…

**Monica:** That's so [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]]!

**Rachel:** No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] feels a little [[Friends-词汇总表#fuzzy\|fuzzy]] and these [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]] sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.

**Chandler:** Okay, but you gotta [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] past this because it is about to get so good!

**Monica:** Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so [[Friends-词汇总表#smokey\|smokey]] I have to get up. I'm not kidding. *(She's not; she stands and walks away. Chandler moves closer.)*

**Chandler:** I think you smell great! *(He sniffs her shoulder.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The smoker's balcony, Rachel, Kim, and Nancy are all puffing away on their cancer sticks.

**Kim:** So, we're [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]], no on [[Friends-词汇总表#plaid\|plaid]], yes on pink?

**Nancy:** Absolutely!

**Rachel:** I am so on board! *(She throws away her recently lit cigarette.)*

**Kim:** Rachel didn't you just light that?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know? *(Laughs)* Good luck, Rach.

**Nancy:** I've actually been thinking about [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quitting]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]].

**Kim:** Oh sure, every Sunday night I'm telling myself I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quitting]] but every Monday morning it's like *(Mimics chain smoking.)*

**Nancy:** Tell me about it!

**Rachel:** Well then let's just [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!

**Kim:** It does sound [[Friends-词汇总表#appeal\|appealing]].

**Nancy:** Oh, I never could do it.

**Rachel:** Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!

**Kim:** Oh y'know, we really should [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]. Okay, let's quit!

**Rachel:** Yes! Great! Give me those [[Friends-词汇总表#cigs\|cigs]]! Give it! Give it! *(She grabs their cigarettes and lighters and throws them in the trash.)*

**Kim:** My late [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] gave me that [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]]. *(Rachel laughs.)* I'm not kidding.

**Rachel:** Okay then! *(She starts rummaging through the trash to find Kim's lighter.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Ben's audition, Joey is rehearsing his lines, uh correction, Joey is rehearsing his line.

**Joey:** Hmmm, [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]! *(Tries again.)* Hmm [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]! *(Tries again, with a little caveman thrown in.)* Hmm, [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]!

**Carol:** Joey, Ross is gonna be here any second, would you mind watching Ben for me while I use the ladies' room?

**Joey:** Oh yeah, no problem.

**Carol:** Thanks. *(Exits.)*

**Joey:** *(goes over to Ben)* Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no [[Friends-词汇总表#picnic\|picnic]]. There's [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|tons]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#rejection\|rejection]]. No [[Friends-词汇总表#stability\|stability]]. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating [[Friends-词汇总表#ketchup\|ketchup]] right out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]].

**Ross:** *(entering, angrily)* Joey!

**Joey:** *(angrily)* Ross!

**Ross:** *(angrily)* Ben! *(Pause.)* *(Happily.)* I mean, Ben! Ben!

**The Casting Director:** *(entering)* Okay, Raymond, Joey you're up.

*(Raymond and Joey go in the office.)*

**Joey:** Hi!

**The Casting Director:** Okay, uh well, let's try one. Whenever you guys are ready.

*(Some dude puts down a couple bowls of soup in front of them.)*

**Joey:** Uh-oh.

**The Casting Director:** Is there a problem?

**Joey:** Well this is [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] and uh, I've been working with [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]]. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.

**The Casting Director:** Y'know, that's-that's fine, but the line is, "Hmm, soup."

**Joey:** Oh, what did I say?

**The Casting Director:** Hmm, noodle soup.

**Joey:** How's that different? *(She looks at him until he gets it.)* Oh! Yeah!

**The Casting Director:** All right, let's try one.

*(Raymond and Joey both eat a spoonful and Joey turns to Raymond and says…)*

**Joey:** Hmm, [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]].

**The Casting Director:** Okay. Let's do it again.

**Joey:** Okay.

*(They do it again.)*

**Joey:** Hmm, [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]. *(Pause.)* I mean, [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]. I mean soup!

**Raymond:** COME ON!!!!

**The Casting Director:** Y'know what? We need to move on.

**Joey:** No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! *(Eats another spoonful)* Hmm, [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]. Damnit! *(Storms out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The smoker's balcony, Kim and Nancy are cheating and are caught by Rachel.

**Rachel:** Hey! Hey-hey-hey!!

**Kim:** Uh-oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|busted]]!

**Rachel:** Come on you guys! What are doing?! I thought we were the patch sisters!

**Kim:** Yeah. That didn't work out.

**Nancy:** Rachel we tried to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]], but it was too hard!

**Rachel:** Well y'know if you, if you started [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]] again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?

**Kim:** No. No! You're doing great! Don’t you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] you down with us.

**Rachel:** Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-[[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] me down.

**Kim:** Forget it Rachel! We're both so [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]], you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathing]] this stuff! Go on!

**Rachel:** Okay. *(Starts to walk away.)*

**Kim:** *(to Nancy)* So, okay! So you'll come with me on the Paris trip.

**Rachel:** *(hearing that)* Oh man!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel's surprise party. The apartment is festooned with cups. There are cups everywhere! Cup centerpiece, cup garland, etc., etc

**Phoebe:** *(To Chandler)* Check it out! Cup hat! *(Points to her hat.)* Cup [[Friends-词汇总表#banner\|banner]]! Cup [[Friends-词汇总表#chandelier\|chandelier]]! And the thing that started it all, the cup! *(Holds up one.)*

**Chandler:** Great job with the cups, Pheebs!

**Monica:** *(overhearing that)* Why don't you just go out with her!

*(Chandler starts to follow her into the kitchen.)*

**Phoebe:** *(following him)* And did you notice the ice? *(Gestures to 3 huge buckets of ice on the table.)* Look! We have it all! We have [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crushed]]! Cubed! And [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]]! Watch! *(Pours some water onto the dry ice, causing it to evaporate/smoke.)* Ahhh! Mystical!

**Chandler:** Awesome!

**Monica:** Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow [[Friends-词汇总表#con\|cones]]!

**Chandler:** There are snow [[Friends-词汇总表#con\|cones]]! *(Monica glares at him.)* Snow [[Friends-词汇总表#con\|cones]]! Yuck!

**Monica:** Y'know…go! Go! Right there! *(Points)*

**Chandler:** Thank you! Thank you! *(Runs to the snow cone machine.)*

*(Rachel enters.)*

**Phoebe:** *(noticing her)* Oh, look! Look! Look!

**All:** Surprise!!

**Rachel:** What?! What?! My birthday's not for another month!

**Monica:** That's the surprise!

**Rachel:** Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so [[Friends-词汇总表#unexpected\|unexpected]]! I mean Chandler's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] is even before mine!

*(Everyone stops and looks at Chandler, who's nodding.)*

**All:** Surprise!

**Rachel:** Wow! This is great! Look at all these cups! This is so weird.

**Phoebe:** I was in charge of cups.

**Rachel:** Oh, okay, not so weird.


> [!scene] Cut to another part of the room, Ross is going to talk to Joey.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey.

**Ross:** Listen man, uh, I'm sorry the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] didn't go so well.

**Joey:** Yeah right! *(Gets up for a refill to his snow cone.)*

**Ross:** No really, I-I am! I feel bad!

**Joey:** Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]." *(Nods his head in disgust.)*

**Ross:** Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your [[Friends-词汇总表#godson\|godson]].

**Joey:** What you do mean?

**Ross:** I think, sub-consciously…

**Joey:** Wait-whoa-whoa, you lost me.

**Ross:** *(pause)* I think on some level, you-you [[Friends-词汇总表#sabotage\|sabotaged]] your own [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] so that Ben would get the part.

**Joey:** Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. *(Thinks about it.)* Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor…

**Ross:** No!

**Joey:** No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him [[Friends-词汇总表#succeed\|succeed]].

**Ross:** There you go. Thank you!

**Joey:** Thank you! So, did-did he get it?

**Ross:** No.

**Joey:** Eh, what are you gonna do? Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: The smoker's balcony, Kim and Nancy are out smoking as Chandler sticks his head out the door.

**Chandler:** *(to Kim and Nancy)* Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Kim:** Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.

**Chandler:** Okay, great.

*(Kim exhales and Chandler stares at it longingly.)*

**Kim:** *(to Nancy)* So we talked about the *(Chandler sneaks closer to her cigarette)* whole presentation yesterday at [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] *(Closer)* and he wondered if one person would be enough *(Closer)* to get a take on the trip *(Still closer)* and I said, "Yeah, absolutely!" *(She's interrupted by Chandler who has reached his goal and takes a drag from her cancer stick.)*

**Chandler:** I'll catch you guys later. *(Exits.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（40）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 9 | 296 | 85 | *It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 7 | 211 | 141 | *What?! Are you kidding?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 6 | 99 | 67 | *Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 6 | 266 | 138 | *It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 5 | 116 | 69 | *Okay, gotta go! Wish me luck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 4 | 109 | 68 | *Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all smoking. This is actually the smell of s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 3 | 156 | 115 | *Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 3 | 88 | 57 | *It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 3 | 180 | 101 | *I got it! Mine!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 3 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Guess what? Ben is going to be in a TV commercial!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I ste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories……about ghosts and goblins w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *So anyway we really…  Honey, we're just smoking all over you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those?  Y'know what, actually…  Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 2 | 181 | 87 | *Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 2 | 88 | 79 | *Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 2 | 88 | 68 | *Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an ac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Dude! That's my girlfriend!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Weirder than watching his two moms make out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the deci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the deci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *So anyway I sent the designs over to Ralph and he's very excited about the line.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously that's a lot of cups.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Yeah?! So's yours!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Check it out! Cup hat!  Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him suc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *So we talked about the  whole presentation yesterday at lunch  and he wondered if one person would b* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 13 | 87 | 38 | *Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town!  Ben takes one lousy walk in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] | /su:p/ | n. 汤, 马力 | n. liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pi | 13 | 29 | 15 | *Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 6 | 152 | 44 | *Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 6 | 69 | 27 | *Rachel? Do you smoke?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 6 | 80 | 46 | *Well then let's just quit! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] | /ә'said/ | n. 小声说的话, 旁白 | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the  | 3 | 18 | 15 | *Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two * |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 2 | 59 | 18 | *Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] | /tʌn/ | n. 吨 | n a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds | 2 | 18 | 17 | *Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] | /.sigә'ret/ | n. 香烟, 纸烟 | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | 2 | 27 | 16 | *I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]] | /bri:ð/ | vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语 | v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs | 2 | 37 | 18 | *I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the deci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 2 | 50 | 46 | *All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] | /dræg/ | n. 拖, 拖累 | n. the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid | 2 | 17 | 12 | *No. No! You're doing great! Don’t you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna dra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 2 | 92 | 47 | *Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorize]] | /'memәraiz/ | vt. 记住, 熟记, 背熟 | v. commit to memory; learn by heart | 1 | 12 | 11 | *All right now, memorize it.  You got it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town!  Ben takes one lousy walk in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] | /'lauzi/ | a. 污秽的, 恶心的, 生虱的 | s. infested with lice | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town!  Ben takes one lousy walk in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] | /swiŋ/ | n. 摇摆, 振幅, 音律, 节奏, 涨落, 秋千, 旋转, 行动自由 | n. a state of steady vigorous action that is characteristic of an activity | 1 | 35 | 17 | *I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings…* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 1 | 49 | 20 | *Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Besides, if anybody's gonna get free stuff, it's gonna be me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Hey, that kid looks familiar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]] | /'prinsis/ | n. 公主, 王妃, 女巨头 | n. a female member of a royal family other than the queen (especially the daught | 1 | 22 | 10 | *Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories……about ghosts and goblins w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgust]] | /dis'gʌst/ | n. 厌恶, 嫌恶 | n. strong feelings of dislike | 1 | 16 | 13 | *I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] | /beib/ | n. 小孩, 天真幼稚的人 | n a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Yeah, I wanna go to babe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 1 | 67 | 29 | *All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] | /'plenti/ | n. 充分, 很多, 丰富 | n. a full supply | 1 | 16 | 16 | *What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Yeah, I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didn't get a callback.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those?  Y'know what, actually…  Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]] | /ʌn'fɔ:tjjnәtli/ | adv. 恐怕, 不幸的是 | r. by bad luck | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Well, unfortunately, I don't get many callbacks so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *At least I care about his feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 1 | 21 | 14 | *Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]] | /kɑ:'tu:n/ | n. 卡通画, 漫画 | n. a humorous or satirical drawing published in a newspaper or magazine | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] | /spu:n/ | n. 匙, 调羹, 匙形工具 | n. a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to | 1 | 17 | 12 | *You just give him a spoon baby!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] | /bi'lɒŋ/ | vi. 属于, 合适 | v. be owned by; be in the possession of | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 1 | 20 | 15 | *You stink!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Yes you did! You look happy and sick; you smoked!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *That's so gross!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 1 | 21 | 18 | *No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *I've actually been thinking about quitting lately.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *My late husband gave me that lighter.  I'm not kidding.* |
| hmmm |  | abbr. 六甲氧基甲基三聚氰胺；氨基树脂 |  | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Hmmm, soup!  Hmm soup!  Hmm, soup!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 1 | 58 | 20 | *Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remoray\|remoray]] |  | [地名] 勒莫赖 ( 法 ) |  | 1 | 23 | 12 | *Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]] | /tә'mɑ:tәu/ | n. 番茄, 西红柿 | n. mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No prob* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look!  Hmm, noodle soup. Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *And did you notice the ice?  Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch!  Ahhh! My* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *And did you notice the ice?  Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch!  Ahhh! My* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *And did you notice the ice?  Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch!  Ahhh! My* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] | /'ɒ:sәm/ | a. 引起敬畏的, 可怕的 | s inspiring awe or admiration or wonder | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Awesome!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an ac* |

### 低频词（61）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] | /'nu:dl/ | n. 面条, 笨蛋 | n. a ribbonlike strip of pasta | 6 | 15 | 7 | *Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No prob* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#godfather\|godfather]] | /'gɒdfɑ:ðә/ | n. 教父 | n. any man who serves as a sponsor for a child at baptism | 3 | 6 | 2 | *Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#con\|con]] | /kɒn/ | vt. 精读, 仔细研究, 默记 | n. an argument opposed to a proposal | 3 | 6 | 3 | *Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nancy\|nancy]] | /'nænsi/ | n. 女性化的男人 | n. a city in northeastern France in Lorraine | 2 | 17 | 5 | *So it's down to these two, Nancy I know you like this one and I think I agree. Rachel, what do you t* |
| kim |  | n. 金姆（人名） |  | 2 | 9 | 4 | *I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the deci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smokey\|smokey]] | /'smәuki/ | a. 多烟的 |  | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the deci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tuscan\|tuscan]] | /'tʌskәn/ | a. 托斯卡纳的, 托斯卡纳人的 | n. a resident of Tuscany | 2 | 2 | 1 | *All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] | /'kɒ:lbæk/ | n. 收回 | n a request by the manufacturer of a defective product to return the product (as | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Yeah, I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didn't get a callback.* |
| anyhoo |  | [网络] 安美居 |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#polo\|polo]] | /'pәulәu/ | n. 马球, 水球 | n. Venetian traveler who explored Asia in the 13th century and served Kublai Kha | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unwilling\|unwilling]] | /.ʌn'wiliŋ/ | a. 不愿意的, 勉强的 | a. not disposed or inclined toward | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weirder\|weirder]] |  | 怪诞的（ weird的比较级 ） | s suggesting the operation of supernatural influences | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Weirder than watching his two moms make out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steer\|steer]] | /stiә/ | vt. 引导, 驾驶, 航行, 控制 | v. direct the course; determine the direction of travelling | 1 | 9 | 6 | *I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I ste* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]] | /'ʃugә/ | n. 糖, 糖块, 甜言蜜语 | n. a white crystalline carbohydrate used as a sweetener and preservative | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] | /smæk/ | n. 风味, 滋味, 少量, 拍击声, 咂嘴声, 小渔船, 海洛因 | n. a sailing ship (usually rigged like a sloop or cutter) used in fishing and sa | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#playstation\|playstation]] |  | n. 游戏机 |  | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cuter\|cuter]] |  | a. 可爱的；聪明的（cute的比较级） | s attractive especially by means of smallness or prettiness or quaintness | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fabric\|fabric]] | /'fæbrik/ | n. 织物, 布, 结构, 构造, 建筑物 | n. artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synt | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well umm, that one is pretty but uh, I just, I just love this fabric  Sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disagree\|disagree]] | /.disә'gri:/ | vi. 不一致, 不适宜 | v. be of different opinions | 1 | 7 | 6 | *She is kidding, but don't ever disagree with her again. Okay, now I'm kidding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horror\|horror]] | /'hɒrә/ | n. 惊骇, 恐怖, 惨状 | n. intense and profound fear | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories……about ghosts and goblins w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghost]] | /gәust/ | n. 鬼, 灵魂, 幻影, 一丝, 一点 | n. a mental representation of some haunting experience | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories……about ghosts and goblins w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goblin\|goblin]] | /'gɒblin/ | n. 小妖精 | n. (folklore) a small grotesque supernatural creature that makes trouble for hum | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories……about ghosts and goblins w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punish\|punish]] | /'pʌniʃ/ | vt. 处罚, 惩罚, 严厉对待 | v. impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poison]] | /'pɒizn/ | n. 毒药, 毒, 毒物, 有毒害的事物 | n. any substance that causes injury or illness or death of a living organism | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#habit\|habit]] | /'hæbit/ | n. 习惯, 嗜好, 习性 | n. an established custom | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sketch\|sketch]] | /sketʃ/ | n. 素描, 草图, 小品 | n. preliminary drawing for later elaboration | 1 | 5 | 3 | *All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alphabetize\|alphabetize]] | /'ælfәbәtaiz/ | vt. 依字母顺序排列, 以字母表示 | v. arrange in alphabetical order | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlight]] | /'hailait/ | n. 加亮区, 精彩场面 | n. the most interesting or memorable part | 1 | 5 | 5 | *All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intimate\|intimate]] | /'intimәt/ | a. 亲密的, 私人的, 秘密的 | v. give to understand | 1 | 5 | 5 | *What happened to the intimate dinner party?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]] | /'lәunli/ | a. 孤单的, 孤寂的, 荒凉的 | s. marked by dejection from being alone | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh well, it's kinda lonely up there, so I just thought I would come out here and get some fresh air.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marijuana\|marijuana]] | /.mæriju'ɑ:nә/ | n. 大麻 | n. a strong-smelling plant from whose dried leaves a number of euphoriant and ha | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I a* |
| dubbies |  | [网络] 杜比 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] | /nә:v/ | n. 精神, 勇气, 叶脉, 神经 | n. any bundle of nerve fibers running to various organs and tissues of the body | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrack\|wrack]] | /ræk/ | n. 漂积海草, 失事船只, 破坏 | n. dried seaweed especially that cast ashore | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gallon\|gallon]] | /'gælәn/ | n. 加仑 | n. United States liquid unit equal to 4 quarts or 3.785 liters | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rue\|rue]] | /ru:/ | n. 懊悔, 后悔, 芸香 | n. European strong-scented perennial herb with grey-green bitter-tasting leaves; | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compete\|compete]] | /kәm'pi:t/ | vi. 竞争, 对抗 | v. compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tortilla\|tortilla]] | /tɔ:'tilә/ | n. 玉米饼 | n. thin unleavened pancake made from cornmeal or wheat flour | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] | /'sɒkә/ | n. 英式足球 | n. a football game in which two teams of 11 players try to kick or head a ball i | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiger\|tiger]] | /'taigә/ | n. 老虎, 虎, 凶暴的人 | n. a fierce or audacious person | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla* |
| mitch | /mitʃ/ | vi. [方言]逃学 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!* |
| raymond | /'reimɔnd/ | n. 雷蒙德（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You're kid's name is Raymond!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fuzzy\|fuzzy]] | /'fʌzi/ | a. 有微毛的, 模糊的 | s. confused and not coherent; not clearly thought out | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plaid\|plaid]] | /plæd/ | n. 格子花呢披风, 格子花呢, 格子图案 | n a cloth having a crisscross design | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So, we're decided, no on plaid, yes on pink?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appeal\|appeal]] | /ә'pi:l/ | n. 恳求, 诉请, 上诉, 吸引力 | n. attractiveness that interests or pleases or stimulates | 1 | 4 | 4 | *It does sound appealing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigs\|cigs]] |  | 帝国参谋总长 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes! Great! Give me those cigs! Give it! Give it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]] | /'laitә/ | n. 点火者, 点灯工人, 打火机, 驳船 | n. a device for lighting or igniting fuel or charges or fires | 1 | 7 | 6 | *My late husband gave me that lighter.  I'm not kidding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#picnic\|picnic]] | /'piknik/ | n. 野餐, 远足, 愉快的经历 | n. any informal meal eaten outside or on an excursion | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rejection\|rejection]] | /ri'dʒekʃәn/ | n. 拒绝, 抛弃, 驳回, 被抛弃的东西, 呕出物 | n. the act of rejecting something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stability\|stability]] | /stә'biliti/ | n. 安定, 稳定性, 坚实, 巩固 | n. the quality or attribute of being firm and steadfast | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ketchup\|ketchup]] | /'ketʃәp/ | n. 蕃茄酱 | n thick spicy sauce made from tomatoes | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|bust]] | /bʌst/ | n. 半身像, 胸部, 失败, 殴打 | n. a sculpture of the head and shoulders of a person | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Uh-oh, busted!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#banner\|banner]] | /'bænә/ | n. 旗帜 | n. long strip of cloth or paper used for decoration or advertising | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Check it out! Cup hat!  Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chandelier\|chandelier]] | /,ʃændi'liә/ | n. 枝形吊灯 | n. branched lighting fixture; often ornate; hangs from the ceiling | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Check it out! Cup hat!  Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cub\|cub]] | /kʌb/ | n. 幼兽, 年轻人 | n. an awkward and inexperienced youth | 1 | 4 | 4 | *And did you notice the ice?  Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch!  Ahhh! My* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mystical\|mystical]] | /'mistikl/ | a. 神秘的, 奥秘的 | a relating to or characteristic of mysticism | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And did you notice the ice?  Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch!  Ahhh! My* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yuck\|yuck]] | /jʌk/ | int. [美俚]啐（表示反感等, 等于yuk） | v. i. To itch. | 1 | 7 | 7 | *There are snow cones!  Snow cones! Yuck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unexpected\|unexpected]] | /.ʌnik'spektid/ | a. 料想不到的, 突然的, 意外的 | a. not expected or anticipated | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#godson\|godson]] | /'gɒdsʌn/ | n. 教子 | n. a male godchild | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sabotage\|sabotage]] | /'sæbәtɑ:ʒ/ | n. 怠工, 破坏活动, 破坏 | n. a deliberate act of destruction or disruption in which equipment is damaged | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#succeed\|succeed]] | /sәk'si:d/ | vi. 成功, 继承, 继续 | v. attain success or reach a desired goal | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him suc* |
