---
season: 5
episode: "10"
title: "The One With The Inappropriate Sister"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E10 — The One With The Inappropriate Sister

*Written By: Shana Goldberg-Meehan*

**With Help From:** Aaron Miller


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's apartment, Ross is cleaning out the fridge. Joey walks from his room. He looks like he just woke up.

**Joey:** What are you doing?

**Ross:** I...[[Friends-词汇总表#reorganize\|reorganized]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]. See, bottom [[Friends-词汇总表#shelf\|shelf]]: [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meats]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#dairy\|dairy]].

*(There’s nothing on the shelf.) Middle shelf: fruits and vegetables. (There’s one lone tomato.) And top shelf: expired products. (The shelf is jammed packed.)*

**Joey:** Why are you doing this?

**Ross:** Because I am [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bored]]...Out of my mind. I’ve already been to the bank, post office, and the [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cleaner\|cleaners]].

**Joey:** Dude, you just [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|described]] seven days worth of stuff. You’ve got to [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] it out a little, you know. Haven’t you ever been [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]]?

**Ross:** Hey, I am not [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]]. I’m on [[Friends-词汇总表#sabbatical\|sabbatical]]!

**Joey:** Hey, don’t get religious on me, ok. *(Ross looks a little confused.)* A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] chairs? Huh...come here…sit down. *(Ross sits down.)* Ready? *(Joey flips the foot rest up.)* Ahh!! *(He reclines the chair fully.)* Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!

**Ross:** So what, we just sit?

**Joey:** Ohh, no, no. We’re not going to just sit. *(Joey sits down and hits the speed dial button on the phone.)* Shhh. *(It begins to ring.)*

**Chandler:** *(Answering the phone at work)* Hello, Chandler Bing.

**Joey:** *(In a high pitched female voice)* Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.

**Chandler:** *(Angrily)* Alright, [[Friends-词汇总表#whoever\|whoever]] this is, stop calling me! *(Ross and Joey laugh silently.)* It’s been six months! It’s not funny!

**Joey:** But, I love you.

**Chandler:** Leave me alone! For the love of God, leave me alone!!!

*(Joey hangs up.)*

**Joey:** And that’s Wednesday. *(He reclines in his chair.)* Ohh.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Ross, Joey, Monica, and Rachel are there. Phoebe walks in ringing a bell.

**Phoebe:** Hey you guys, guess what?

**Chandler:** The British are coming?

**Phoebe:** Ohh, you and your ways. *(She shakes the bell at him and sits down.)* Since it’s Christmastime. I’m going to be one of those people collection [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donations]].

**All:** Ohh.

**Phoebe:** *(Excitedly)* Yeah, I already have my [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] and later on...I get my [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]].

**Chandler:** Ohh.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, yeah, I’m going to be out there [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spreading]] [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]] to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I’m going to do the whole city.

**Monica:** You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular. *(Chandler laughs.)*

**Joey:** So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] ringing?

**Phoebe:** Ohh, they gave me a great [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]]. Right by Macys. Yeah, they [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] ever give such a good spot to a [[Friends-词汇总表#rookie\|rookie]], but I’m the only one who can [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. *(She smirks.)* I lied.

**Rachel:** Oh my god. Ok you guys, there’s Danny. Watch. Just watch this.

*(He walks past the couch to the counter.) See?! Still pretending he’s not interested. Ohh, he’s coming over. Just pretend like we don’t know him. We’ve forgotten who he is.*

**Danny:** Hey guys.

**All:** Hey Danny.

**Monica:** Danny? You know Rachel? She’s nice. She’s not bad to look at, right?

**Rachel:** Thanks, Mon.

**Danny:** Well, of course.

**Monica:** Do you want to go out on a date with her?

**Rachel:** Monica!!!

**Danny:** *(Looking at Monica)* Absolutely! Is Friday okay?

**Monica:** Friday’s perfect...She can’t wait.

**Danny:** *(To Monica)* On the date, I will be able to talk to her directly? *(To Rachel)* See ya Friday. *(He walks out.)*

**Rachel:** *(Somewhat angrily)* Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don’t answer me. *(Giggling)* I have a date with Danny.


> [!scene] Scene: Estelle's (Joey's Agent) Office, Joey is there.

**Joey:** How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.

**Estelle:** Well, Telia Shire [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] became available.

**Joey:** She’s a woman!

**Estelle:** What can I say? She [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nailed]] it.

**Joey:** *(Very discouraged)* Okay, is there anything else?

**Estelle:** Well, you’re just going to say no again but...gay porn.


> [!scene] Scene: In front of Macys, Phoebe is collecting donations and ringing her bell.

**Phoebe:** Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas. *(A man put some change in her bucket.)* Ohh thank you [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]. Here's some [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]]. *(She waves her hand up and down as if she is spreading joy.)*

**Monica:** *(Walking in from off screen.)* Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Monica:** I just wanted to see how it's going.

**Phoebe:** Well, it's going okay.

**Monica:** *(Taking out her wallet.)* Well good, here let me help you out.

**Phoebe:** Oh, thanks!

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** Wow!

*(Monica puts some change in Phoebe's bucket.)*

**Phoebe:** Is that a new Swede [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]]? It looks really [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]].

**Monica:** Yeah. I guess. *(She puts more money in the bucket.)*

**Phoebe:** Just get your [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nails]] done?

**Monica:** Yes Phoebe, but this is all I have. Okay? *(She pours out the rest of her change purse into the bucket.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay! Thanks! Happy Holidays, here's your [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]]. *(She waves her arm and spreads her joy.)*

*(A man walks up and puts a dollar bill in.)*

**Phoebe:** Thank you! And Happy Holidays.

*(The man starts to take some change out.)*

**Phoebe:** Wait, you can't take the money out.

**The Man:** I'm making change. I need change for the bus.

**Phoebe:** But, can't you leave the dollar? This money is for the poor.

**The Man:** I'm poor! I gotta take the bus!

**Phoebe:** Okay, Seasons Greetings and everything, but still…

**The Man:** Bite me, blondie! *(The man storms off.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, I'm going to give him something else [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]], just… *(She scowls at him.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Joey is telling Ross how he didn't get the part.

**Joey:** That part was perfect for me! I can't believe I didn't get it!

**Ross:** I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?

**Joey:** Come on Ross be [[Friends-词汇总表#realistic\|realistic]], y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?

*(Ross just stares at him until he figures it out.)*

**Joey:** Wait a second, I could star in it!

**Ross:** Or that.

**Joey:** I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the [[Friends-词汇总表#discipline\|discipline]] that takes, y'know? I can't do it.

**Ross:** I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.

**Joey:** Really? You'd-you'd do that for me?!

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Thanks!

**Ross:** *(grabbing a notepad and sitting down)* All right, we'll start off [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]]. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.

**Joey:** Done!

**Ross:** And it can't be Joey.

**Joey:** It's not.

**Ross:** Or Joseph.

**Joey:** *(disappointed)* Oh.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is returning. Monica enters from her room wearing nothing but a robe.

**Monica:** Hey, what's up?

**Rachel:** I just saw Danny getting on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] with a girl and he had his [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] around her.

**Monica:** Oh, honey, I'm sorry.

**Rachel:** Well, you should be, this is all your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]! You [[Friends-词汇总表#meddle\|meddled]] in our relationship!!

**Monica:** You had no relationship!!

**Rachel:** No, but I was doing my thing and everything was going according to the plan!

**Monica:** Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charming]] he's gonna forget all about that stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] girl.

**Rachel:** She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan.

*(Rachel goes into her room and closes the door. Which allows Monica to let Chandler out of her room.)*

**Monica:** Come on, [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]]!

*(Chandler runs out the door and closes it behind him. After a short pause the door opens and Chandler comes rushing back through, grabs Monica, kisses her good-bye, and heads back out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Joey is trying to write his movie, Chandler is playing a game on the counter by trying to flip a ping pong ball with a spoon into a nearby bowl.

**Joey:** Hey, how do you [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#suspicious\|suspicious]]?

**Chandler:** Why?

**Joey:** Because I think this character is going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#suspicious\|suspicious]] about stuff.

*(Chandler makes it into the bowl.)*

**Chandler:** Yes! Chandler Bing, 7! Chandler Bing, 0.

**Joey:** You're driving me crazy with that!

**Chandler:** Okay, I'll stop.

**Joey:** Don’t stop! Move the [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] further away! Ross could make that [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]]!

*(Chandler slides the bowl to the far end of the counter. He tries again, but he hits the spoon to hard and the ball goes flying away.)*

**Joey:** Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.

**Chandler:** You wanna play?

**Joey:** Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.

**Chandler:** Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.

**Joey:** *(jumping up)* All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we [[Friends-词汇总表#crank\|crank]] it up a [[Friends-词汇总表#notch\|notch]]?

**Chandler:** I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#intrigue\|intrigued]].

**Joey:** All right, all we need is a little [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fluid\|fluid]].

**Chandler:** Okay, but be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] okay, because I wanna get our security [[Friends-词汇总表#deposit\|deposit]] back.

**Joey:** Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invented]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dart\|darts]].

**Chandler:** Do you even remember which part of the wall is not [[Friends-词汇总表#spackle\|spackle]]?

**Joey:** Uh yeah, right here. *(He punches his fist through the wall next to the door.)*


> [!scene] Scene: In front of Macys, Phoebe is still ringing her bell. A guy puts some change into the bucket.

**Phoebe:** Thank you, Happy Holidays.

*(Another woman walks up and throws something into the bucket.)*

**Phoebe:** Now, that's [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]]. Young lady, you can't… *(The lady ignores her and walks off.)* Hey! Stop that young lady, she [[Friends-词汇总表#donate\|donated]] [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]]!

*(Another guy walks by and throws his light cigarette butt in the bucket.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey!! *(The bucket starts smoking.)* The charity's on fire! Help! *(Yet another guy walks by carrying a cup, which Phoebe grabs.)* Oh good! Thank you, I need that.

*(She throws onto the smoldering fire. Suddenly the bucket erupts in flames.) Whoa! What is that?! (She sniffs the cup.) (To the guy.) It's nine o'clock in the morning!*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Ross is reading what Joey wrote.

**Ross:** All right. *(Reading.)* A room. A man enters, he looks [[Friends-词汇总表#suspicious\|suspicious]]. *(Stops reading a flips the page to find the next one is blank.)* That's it? *(Joey shrugs.)* Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]]!

*(Flipping through the rest of the pad.) And what is, and what is all this?! (Reading.) The official rulebook of Fireball.*

**Joey:** Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.

**Chandler:** *(entering from his room carrying a fire extinguisher and wearing oven mitts)* Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] ball, a [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]], and some [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fluid\|fluid]]—Op! Op! *(He puts out a small fire which has re-ignited in his room.)*

**Ross:** This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the [[Friends-词汇总表#creator\|creator]] of crazy [[Friends-词汇总表#lawsuit\|lawsuit]] game!

**Joey:** You're right, you're right, I'll get back to work.

**Ross:** *(To Chandler)* And [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work. *(To Joey)* Now come on!

**Joey:** Hey!

*(He tries to fire a burnt tennis ball into the bowl Chandler is standing by, but Ross grabs the ball away from him.)*

**Ross:** No! Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah! You can have this back when the five pages are done!

*(After Joey walks past, Ross throws the ball down in pain.) Ahh! (Chandler shows him the burn spots on his oven mitts.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Danny's apartment, Danny and Rachel are returning from their date.

**Danny:** I had a really nice time tonight.

**Rachel:** So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out.

*(He kisses her.)*

**Danny:** I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]].

**Rachel:** You're sister? You're sister's [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]? *(Danny nods, "Yes.")* Ohhh! I saw her with you on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] and now she's [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]! Danny's Sister: *(opening the door)* Oh, I thought I heard you.

**Danny:** Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Krista:** Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!

**Danny:** Like it would help.

**Krista:** You are so bad! *(Hits him softly.)*

**Danny:** You are! *(Hits her back.)*

**Krista:** You are! *(Hits him softly.)*

**Danny:** You are! *(Hits her back.)*

**Krista:** You are! *(Hits him softly.)*

**Danny:** You are! *(Hits her back.)*

**Krista:** You are! *(Hits him harder this time.)*

**Danny:** You are so dead! I'm gonna get you.

*(He starts chasing her around Rachel a couple of times before she runs into the living room and he tackles her on the couch where he starts tickling her.)*

**Rachel:** *(not sure what to do)* Uh, it was very nice meeting you. *(They continue to ignore her.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is complaining to Ross and Monica about the bucket.

**Phoebe:** Nobody! Nobody respects the [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]]! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! *(Hands it to Monica.)* Okay, does this look like a [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]] can to you?

**Monica:** No.

**Phoebe:** Does it look like an [[Friends-词汇总表#ashtray\|ashtray]]?

**Monica:** No.

**Phoebe:** Does it look like a [[Friends-词汇总表#urinal\|urinal]]?

**Monica:** Eww!! *(Throws the bucket down.)*

**Ross:** So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?

**Phoebe:** Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!

**Monica:** Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]], you lived on the streets.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry. *(Leaves.)*

**Rachel:** *(entering from her room)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey, umm, can I ask you guys something? Monica and Ross: Sure.

**Rachel:** Uh, I don't have any brothers so I don't know, but uh, did you guys [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestle]]?

**Ross:** Oh-oh, yeah.

**Monica:** All the time. In fact, I was [[Friends-词汇总表#undefeated\|undefeated]].

**Ross:** Uh, you weighted 200 [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]].

**Monica:** Still, I was quick as a cat.

**Rachel:** Well, I met Danny's sister yesterday, and uh that was actually the girl on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]].

**Monica:** Oh, you're kidding.

**Rachel:** Yeah, they were very y'know…wrestley. But, I guess that's normal?

**Monica:** *(laughing with Ross)* We don't, we don't [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestle]] now.

**Ross:** Yeah, not since I got too strong for you.

**Monica:** Too strong for me?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Monica:** You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?

**Ross:** Oh fine.

**Monica:** Ready? *(They grab a hold of each other's necks.)* Wrestle! *(They start wrestling.)*

**Rachel:** Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks.

*(She leaves them to wrestle.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Ross is cleaning the foosball table, Joey is working on his script.

**Chandler:** *(entering from his bedroom)* Guys, come on! Let's go! The [[Friends-词汇总表#puck\|puck]] drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!

**Ross:** Joey's not going.

**Joey:** *(To Chandler)* I didn't finish my five pages.

**Chandler:** Well, why can't you do them tomorrow?

**Ross:** Because tomorrow he's [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redoing]] yesterday's pages.

**Joey:** Yesterday's pages did not [[Friends-词汇总表#reflect\|reflect]] my best work.

**Chandler:** *(To Ross)* Why don't you cut him a little [[Friends-词汇总表#slack\|slack]]? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]], he'll get some work done.

**Ross:** I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.

**Joey:** Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.

**Chandler:** The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bored]]. Okay, it's not his [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] that you're [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]].

**Ross:** I am not [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]]. I'm on [[Friends-词汇总表#sabbatical\|sabbatical]]!

**Joey:** Come on look guys, don't fight.

**Ross:** And the reason I'm doing this is because I am Joey's friend. And if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.

**Chandler:** Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]]?

**Ross:** If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.

**Joey:** Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go [[Friends-词汇总表#unhook\|unhook]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] [[Friends-词汇总表#detector\|detectors]]!

**Ross:** How about we [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] this right now! *(He rips up the tickets.)* There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!

**Chandler:** I paid for those [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]!

**Ross:** No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!

**Chandler:** Oh yeah! *(Makes an unintelligible taunting sound.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Rachel, Joey, and Chandler are listening to a story being told by Danny and his sister.

**Danny:** …so we finally get to the top of the mountain and [[Friends-词汇总表#airhead\|airhead]] here *(His sister)* forgets the camera!

**Joey:** Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.

**Chandler:** When did that happen to you?!

**Joey:** Don't you remember when we were [[Friends-词汇总表#jog\|jogging]] in the park and we saw that really pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] and wanted to take a picture—I didn't have my camera!

**Chandler:** Oh yeah. First off all, [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chasing]] the Churo guy isn't [[Friends-词汇总表#jog\|jogging]].

**Krista:** Oh, this is so good *(A piece of cake.)* you have got to try it. *(She takes some on her finger and feeds it to Danny. Then takes a little more and does it again. Meanwhile, the rest of the gang stares on in shock. Then they pick up a part of it and some filling falls into his lap.)*

**Danny:** Oh, damn! I got it on my pants.

**Krista:** Here, I'll get it. *(She grabs a napkin and tries to wipe it up. The thing that gets the rest of the gang going is that she's whipping awfully close to his crotch. In fact, she is whipping his crotch. Chandler's about to come out of his chair.)*

**Krista:** We'd better take these pants off [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] or that stain's gonna set.

**Danny:** Yep. *(To Rachel)* I'm gonna wear these on our date tonight.

**Rachel:** Oh, great!

**Chandler:** Okay, bye! *(To the gang.)* Oh my God!!

**Monica:** That was [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]!

**Rachel:** Okay, see? I told you!

**Joey:** Yeah, wow, sorry Rach.

**Chandler:** I don't believe they're brother and sister.

**Joey:** They're brother and sister!!!


> [!scene] Scene: In front of Macys, Phoebe has adorned her bucket with numerous signs. Like "We are not a urinal!" and "I have no Macys info." And other stuff like that. She also has a scowl on her face as she is ringing her bell. A little old lady walks up to make a donation but Phoebe stops her.

**Phoebe:** Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look.

*(The lady opens up her hand.) Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. (She throws the lint away.) What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here! (The lady walks away.)*

*(Another man walks up with a drink in his hand, Phoebe stops him too.)*

**Phoebe:** Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]]! Set it down over there and then you can make a [[Friends-词汇总表#contribution\|contribution]]! *(The guy starts to walk away with a hurt look on his face.)* And you can leave the hurt [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] look over there too! *(Her boss and a co-worker walk up.)* Hi Bob! *(The same old lady from before walks bye.)* *(To the old lady.)* I thought I told you to get [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here!

**Bob:** Uh, Phoebe we've been getting [[Friends-词汇总表#complaint\|complaints]] and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]].

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Bob:** Umm, Ginger's gonna take over this corner.

**Phoebe:** That [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] can't handle my corner.

**Bob:** Look, either you leave, or we remove you.

**Phoebe:** Fine. *(She hands her bell to Ginger and starts to take down her signs.)*

*(The same old lady walks by again.) All right, I'll give you one pointer. Look out for that bitch. (The old lady.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Danny's apartment, there's a knock on the door and he answers it.

**Danny:** Oh, hey Rach! I thought we said seven?

**Rachel:** Yeah uh, y'know what uh, let's skip it.

**Danny:** What?! Why?!

**Rachel:** Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]], and…

**Danny:** Oh great! That special [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] again! Why do women have such a problem with the fact that I'm close with my sister?

**Rachel:** Well, okay, look. I don't know, listen, I don't know what's going on here but let's…

**Danny:** Do-do you, do you have brothers?

**Rachel:** No, I have two sisters. But one of them has a very [[Friends-词汇总表#masculine\|masculine]] energy.

**Danny:** Are you close with them?

**Rachel:** No-no, they're not very nice people.

**Danny:** Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]]. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?

**Rachel:** Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of…

**Krista:** *(calling from the bathroom)* Danny! Hurry up! The [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] is getting cold!

**Danny:** *(seeing Rachel's shocked look)* What?

**Rachel:** Yeah, okay, I'll see you later. *(Gets up and runs from the apartment.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Ross is there as Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] their day?

**Ross:** Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick [[Friends-词汇总表#razor\|razor]] [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blades]] in it and [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!

**Ross:** Yay!

**Chandler:** Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game! *(Pause)* Last night!

**Joey:** No dude, Ross [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tore]] up the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]!

**Ross:** I guess when you don't have so many [[Friends-词汇总表#distraction\|distractions]], it's [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] for you to focus. Huh?

**Chandler:** Yeah or also when you don't have somebody [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathing]] down your [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!

**Joey:** Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?

**Chandler:** All right. *(Takes a copy.)*

**Ross:** All right. *(Takes another copy.)*

**Joey:** Okay. *(Reading.)* "It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#typical\|typical]] New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross *(Points to him.)*

*(Ross and Chandler start to read Joey's script aloud.)*

**Ross:** Hey man.

**Chandler:** What is up?

**Ross:** About yesterday, I was really wrong. I am sorry.

**Chandler:** No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|reacted]].

**Ross:** Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest…

*(Pauses and looks at Joey.) But we had our best friend's interest at heart.*

**Chandler:** Could I be more sorry. *(Looks at Joey.)*

**Ross:** I don't know, I'm one sorry polentologist. *(Stops reading.)* All right Joey, we get it. *(To Chandler)* I'm sorry.

**Chandler:** *(To Ross)* I'm sorry too.

**Joey:** Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.

**Ross:** *(reading from the script.)* I am sorry, Chandler.

**Chandler:** I am sorry, Ross.

**Joey:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] man enters. *(Playing the part of the handsome man.)* Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, *(Ross)* you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you *(Chandler)* well you co-created Fireball. The end.

**Chandler:** This took you all day?!

**Joey:** No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. *(Takes out a bowling ball and a propane torch.)* Ha-ha! Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are about to read another one of Joey's efforts.

**Joey:** *(Reading the scene set up.)* Okay, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#typical\|typical]] New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.

*(Monica and Rachel begin to read from the script.)*

**Monica:** Hi, how are you doing Kelly?

**Rachel:** I'm doing just fine! God, Tiffany, you smell so great!

**Monica:** It's my new [[Friends-词汇总表#perfume\|perfume]]. Why don't you come [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] where you can really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it?

*(They both start to read ahead.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, y'know Joey, you are [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]!

**Monica:** This is [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgusting]]!

*(They both throw the scripts in his face.)*

**Rachel:** I'm not reading this!

**Joey:** What?! Wait-wait-wait! The [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] man was about to enter!!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 10 | 181 | 87 | *I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 4 | 155 | 54 | *Hello, Chandler Bing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 4 | 442 | 191 | *Hey you guys, guess what?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 3 | 92 | 67 | *Hey, don’t get religious on me, ok.  A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 3 | 88 | 57 | *How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 3 | 112 | 87 | *I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Hey, don’t get religious on me, ok.  A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *You're driving me crazy with that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 2 | 88 | 68 | *Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't…  Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 2 | 132 | 68 | *Oh, damn! I got it on my pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Okay.  "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Okay.  "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely! Is Friday okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don’t answer me.  I have a date with Danny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *All right.  A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious.  That's it?  Joey, you're supposed to have fi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *All right.  A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious.  That's it?  Joey, you're supposed to have fi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch?  Ohhh! I saw her with you on the subway and now * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Oh, you're kidding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Come on look guys, don't fight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Oh, damn! I got it on my pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Yep.  I'm gonna wear these on our date tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contributi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contributi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Firebal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *I'm doing just fine! God, Tiffany, you smell so great!* |

### 常用词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] | /'sʌbwei/ | n. 地铁, 地道 | n an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a ci | 4 | 26 | 16 | *I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 3 | 28 | 23 | *Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 3 | 65 | 36 | *I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 3 | 75 | 47 | *I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 2 | 38 | 27 | *Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I’ve already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaner* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] | /spred/ | n. 传播, 散布, 伸展 | n. process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space | 2 | 13 | 12 | *Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You’ve got to spread it out a little, you know. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 2 | 22 | 18 | *Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 2 | 81 | 49 | *Well, you should be, this is all your fault! You meddled in our relationship!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 2 | 33 | 25 | *Come on, hurry!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 2 | 24 | 21 | *Don’t stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 2 | 24 | 19 | *Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't…  Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] | /'setl/ | n. 有背长椅 | n. a long wooden bench with a back | 2 | 26 | 23 | *Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 2 | 25 | 19 | *Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#typical\|typical]] | /'tipikl/ | a. 典型的, 象征性的 | a. exhibiting the qualities or characteristics that identify a group or kind or  | 2 | 15 | 11 | *Okay.  "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] | /'hænsәm/ | a. 英俊的, 大方的, 慷慨的, 相当可观的, 美观的, 灵敏的 | s pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form an | 2 | 13 | 11 | *A handsome man enters.  Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *I...reorganized the fridge. See, bottom shelf: meats and dairy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *I...reorganized the fridge. See, bottom shelf: meats and dairy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I’ve already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaner* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *Hey, don’t get religious on me, ok.  A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing.* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Ohh, no, no. We’re not going to just sit.  Shhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoever\|whoever]] | /hu'evә/ | pron. 任何人, 无论谁 | pron. Whatever person; any person who; be or she who; any one | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me!  It’s been six months! It’s not funny!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] | /'hɑ:dli/ | adv. 刚刚, 几乎不, 勉强是 | r. almost not | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] | /'sʌdәnli/ | adv. 突然, 意外, 忽然, 迅速, 即席作成, 即刻, 急速 | r. happening unexpectedly | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Well, Telia Shire suddenly became available.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] | /neil/ | n. 钉子, 指甲 | n. horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits | 1 | 14 | 11 | *What can I say? She nailed it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas.  Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Is that a new Swede jacket? It looks really expensive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *Is that a new Swede jacket? It looks really expensive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Oh, I'm going to give him something else besides joy, just…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charm]] | /tʃɑ:m/ | n. 吸引力, 魔力, 符咒 | n. something believed to bring good luck | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Hey, how do you spell suspicious?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invent]] | /in'vent/ | vt. 发明, 创作, 虚构 | v. come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a menta | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] | /'hæmә/ | n. 锤, 铁锤, 钉锤 | n. the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pul | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]] | /'insidәnt/ | n. 事件, 事变, 小事 | n. a single distinct event | 1 | 11 | 10 | *All right.  A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious.  That's it?  Joey, you're supposed to have fi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] | /ʃeim/ | n. 羞耻, 羞愧, 耻辱 | n. a painful emotion resulting from an awareness of inadequacy or guilt | 1 | 16 | 14 | *And shame on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work.  Now come on!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]] | /'gɑ:bidʒ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. food that is discarded (as from a kitchen) | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look!  Okay, does * |
| eww |  | abbr. 墨西哥指数基金 |  | 1 | 23 | 17 | *Eww!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Uh, you weighted 200 pounds.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 1 | 69 | 27 | *Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 1 | 28 | 21 | *We'd better take these pants off upstairs or that stain's gonna set.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *That was unbelievable!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] | /'bʌni/ | n. 兔子 | n. a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a | 1 | 32 | 17 | *Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contributi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contributi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 1 | 40 | 22 | *That chick can't handle my corner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my fam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1 | 37 | 22 | *Danny! Hurry up! The bath is getting cold!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ru* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Nee* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *No dude, Ross tore up the tickets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]] | /bri:ð/ | vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语 | v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs | 1 | 37 | 18 | *Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] | /nek/ | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈 | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|react]] | /ri'ækt/ | vi. 起反应, 起作用, 反攻 | v. show a response or a reaction to something | 1 | 12 | 11 | *No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over reacted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Oh, y'know Joey, you are sick!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgust]] | /dis'gʌst/ | n. 厌恶, 嫌恶 | n. strong feelings of dislike | 1 | 16 | 13 | *This is disgusting!* |

### 低频词（68）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]] | /dʒɒi/ | n. 欢喜, 乐事, 高兴 | n. the emotion of great happiness | 5 | 11 | 7 | *Yeah, yeah, I’m going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a lit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fireball\|fireball]] | /'faiәbɒ:l/ | n. 火球, 大流星 | n. a ball of fire (such as the sun or a ball-shaped discharge of lightning) | 5 | 6 | 2 | *I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]] | /.ʌnim'plɒid/ | a. 失业的, 未被利用的 | a. not engaged in a gainful occupation | 4 | 10 | 6 | *Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You’ve got to spread it out a little, you know. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]] | /'bʌkit/ | n. 桶 | n. a roughly cylindrical vessel that is open at the top | 4 | 12 | 9 | *Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suspicious\|suspicious]] | /sә'spiʃәs/ | a. 可疑的, 多疑的, 怀疑的 | s openly distrustful and unwilling to confide | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Hey, how do you spell suspicious?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestle]] | /'resl/ | n. 摔跤, 角力, 扭斗 | n. the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat | 3 | 7 | 5 | *Uh, I don't have any brothers so I don't know, but uh, did you guys wrestle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sabbatical\|sabbatical]] | /sә'bætikl/ | a. 安息日的, 休假的 | n. a leave usually taken every seventh year | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Hey, I am not unemployed. I’m on sabbatical!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#merry\|merry]] | /'meri/ | a. 快乐的, 愉快的, 嬉戏作乐的 | s full of or showing high-spirited merriment | 2 | 23 | 7 | *Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]] | /'laitә/ | n. 点火者, 点灯工人, 打火机, 驳船 | n. a device for lighting or igniting fuel or charges or fires | 2 | 7 | 6 | *All right, all we need is a little lighter fluid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fluid\|fluid]] | /'flu:id/ | n. 液体, 分泌液, 流体 | n. a substance that is fluid at room temperature and pressure | 2 | 7 | 5 | *All right, all we need is a little lighter fluid.* |
| krista |  | 克丽丝塔（人名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jog\|jog]] | /dʒɒg/ | n. 轻推, 轻撞, 慢跑 | n. a sharp change in direction | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reorganize\|reorganize]] | /.ri:'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | v. 改组, 再编制, 改造 | v. organize anew | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I...reorganized the fridge. See, bottom shelf: meats and dairy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shelf\|shelf]] | /ʃelf/ | n. 架子, 搁板 | n. a support that consists of a horizontal surface for holding objects | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I...reorganized the fridge. See, bottom shelf: meats and dairy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dairy\|dairy]] | /'dєәri/ | n. 牛奶公司, 乳品店, 乳牛场 | n. a farm where dairy products are produced | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I...reorganized the fridge. See, bottom shelf: meats and dairy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cleaner\|cleaner]] | /'kli:nә/ | n. 清洁工人, 清洁剂, 干洗商 | n. the operator of dry-cleaning establishment | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I’ve already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaner* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#christmastime\|christmastime]] | /'krismәstaim/ | n. (=Christmastide)圣诞节期 | n period extending from Dec. 24 to Jan. 6 | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ohh, you and your ways.  Since it’s Christmastime. I’m going to be one of those people collection do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]] | /dәu'neiʃәn/ | n. 捐赠物, 捐款, 捐赠 | n a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cau | 1 | 8 | 3 | *Ohh, you and your ways.  Since it’s Christmastime. I’m going to be one of those people collection do* |
| macys |  | [网络] 梅西百货；百货公司梅西百货；梅西百货公司 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rookie\|rookie]] | /'ruki/ | n. 新手 | n an awkward and inexperienced youth | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a ro* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#telia\|telia]] |  | n. <拉>（锈菌的）冬孢子堆( telium的名词复数 ) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, Telia Shire suddenly became available.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shire\|shire]] | /'ʃaiә/ | n. 郡 | n. a former administrative district of England; equivalent to a county | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, Telia Shire suddenly became available.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feliz\|feliz]] |  | n. （西）祝你快乐 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas.  Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#navidad\|navidad]] |  | [地名] [智利] 纳维达 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas.  Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#allo\|allo]] | /'ælәu/ | a. 紧密相联的；[化]同分异构的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas.  Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swede\|swede]] | /swi:d/ | n. 瑞典人 | n. a native or inhabitant of Sweden | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Is that a new Swede jacket? It looks really expensive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greeting\|greeting]] | /'gri:tiŋ/ | n. 祝贺, 问候 | n. (usually plural) an acknowledgment or expression of good will (especially on  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, Seasons Greetings and everything, but still…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] | /hʌnt/ | n. 狩猎, 追捕, 搜寻, 猎区 | n. Englishman and Pre-Raphaelite painter (1827-1910) | 1 | 12 | 7 | *I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realistic\|realistic]] | /riә'listik/ | a. 现实的, 逼真的, 现实主义的, 实在论的 | a. aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discipline\|discipline]] | /'disiplin/ | n. 训练, 纪律 | n. a branch of knowledge | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joseph\|joseph]] | /'dʒәuzif/ | n. 约瑟夫（男子名）；约瑟（圣经中雅各的第十一子） | n. leader of the Nez Perce in their retreat from United States troops (1840-1904 | 1 | 27 | 9 | *Or Joseph.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meddle\|meddle]] | /'medl/ | vi. 干涉, 干预, 擅自摸弄 | v. intrude in other people's affairs or business; interfere unwantedly | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Well, you should be, this is all your fault! You meddled in our relationship!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crank\|crank]] | /kræŋk/ | a. 不稳的, 脾气暴燥的, 易怒的 | n. a hand tool consisting of a rotating shaft with parallel handle | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#notch\|notch]] | /nɒtʃ/ | n. 刻痕, 等级, 峡谷 | n. a V-shaped indentation | 1 | 5 | 5 | *All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intrigue\|intrigue]] | /in'tri:g/ | n. 阴谋, 复杂的事 | n. a crafty and involved plot to achieve your (usually sinister) ends | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I'm intrigued.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deposit\|deposit]] | /di'pɒzit/ | n. 存款, 定金, 堆积物 | n. the phenomenon of sediment or gravel accumulating | 1 | 8 | 3 | *Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dart\|dart]] | /dɑ:t/ | n. 飞镖, 投射 | n. a small narrow pointed missile that is thrown or shot | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spackle\|spackle]] | /'spækl/ | 一种抹墙粉的商标名；抹墙粉于... | n. powder (containing gypsum plaster and glue) that when mixed with water forms  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donate\|donate]] | /'dәuneit/ | v. 捐赠 | v. give to a charity or good cause | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't…  Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] | /'tʃæriti/ | n. 慈悲, 博爱, 慈善团体, 施舍 | n. a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any pa | 1 | 42 | 9 | *Hey!!  The charity's on fire! Help!  Oh good! Thank you, I need that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] | /'tenis/ | n. 网球 | n. a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back and for | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid—Op! Op!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creator\|creator]] | /kri:'eitә(r)/ | n. 上帝, 创造者, 创作者 | n. a person who grows or makes or invents things | 1 | 1 | 1 | *This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy laws* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawsuit\|lawsuit]] | /'lɒ:sju:t/ | n. 诉讼 | n. a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individu | 1 | 2 | 2 | *This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy laws* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ashtray\|ashtray]] | /'æʃtrei/ | n. 烟灰缸 | n. a receptacle for the ash from smokers' cigars or cigarettes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Does it look like an ashtray?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#urinal\|urinal]] | /'juәrinl/ | n. 尿壶, 小便处 | n. a plumbing fixture (usually attached to the wall) used by men to urinate | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Does it look like a urinal?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#undefeated\|undefeated]] | /ˌʌndɪˈfi:tɪd/ | a. （选手或运动队）未被打败过的, 未输过的 | a. victorious | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All the time. In fact, I was undefeated.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puck\|puck]] | /pʌk/ | n. 好恶作剧的小妖精, 淘气小孩, 冰球 | n. a mischievous sprite of English folklore | 1 | 5 | 2 | *Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redo]] | /.ri:'du:/ | vt. 再做, 重做, 改装 | v make new | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Because tomorrow he's redoing yesterday's pages.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reflect\|reflect]] | /ri'flekt/ | vt. 反射, 反映, 招致, 深思 | v. manifest or bring back | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slack\|slack]] | /slæk/ | n. 松弛, 松懈, 淡季, 闲散, 家常裤 | n. dust consisting of a mixture of small coal fragments and coal dust and dirt t | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unhook\|unhook]] | /.ʌn'huk/ | vt. 从...取下, 解开...的钩子 | v. take off a hook | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#detector\|detector]] | /di'tektә/ | n. 发现者, 检验器, 检波器 | n. any device that receives a signal or stimulus (as heat or pressure or light o | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#airhead\|airhead]] | /'eәhed/ | n. 空降物 | n. a flighty scatterbrained simpleton | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…so we finally get to the top of the mountain and airhead here  forgets the camera!* |
| churo |  | [网络] 狗狗心事介绍 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]] | /stein/ | n. 污染, 污点, 着色剂 | n. a soiled or discolored appearance | 1 | 10 | 7 | *We'd better take these pants off upstairs or that stain's gonna set.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contribution\|contribution]] | /.kɒntri'bju:ʃәn/ | n. 捐助, 捐助之物, 贡献 | n. the part played by a person in bringing about a result | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contributi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complaint\|complaint]] | /kәm'pleint/ | n. 诉苦, 抱怨, 控诉 | n. (formerly) a loud cry (or repeated cries) of pain or rage or sorrow | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Uh, Phoebe we've been getting complaints and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile spot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ginger\|ginger]] | /'dʒindʒә/ | n. 姜, 精力, 姜黄色 | n. perennial plants having thick branching aromatic rhizomes and leafy reedlike  | 1 | 11 | 3 | *Umm, Ginger's gonna take over this corner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#masculine\|masculine]] | /'mæskjulin/ | n. 阳性, 男性 | n. a gender that refers chiefly (but not exclusively) to males or to objects cla | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, I have two sisters. But one of them has a very masculine energy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#razor\|razor]] | /'reizә/ | n. 剃刀 | n. edge tool used in shaving | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Nee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blade]] | /bleid/ | n. 叶片, 刀锋, 刀口, 剑 | n. especially a leaf of grass or the broad portion of a leaf as distinct from th | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Nee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stitch\|stitch]] | /stitʃ/ | n. 一针, 疼痛, 针法, 碎布条, 针脚 | n. a link or loop or knot made by an implement in knitting, crocheting, embroide | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Nee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ranger\|ranger]] | /'reinʒә/ | n. 王室守林人, 骑警, 漫游者 | n a member of the Texas state highway patrol; formerly a mounted lawman who main | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game!  Last night!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#distraction\|distraction]] | /dis'trækʃәn/ | n. 娱乐, 分心的事物, 分心 | n. mental turmoil | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ultimate\|ultimate]] | /'ʌltimit/ | n. 终极, 根本, 顶点, 基本原则 | n. the finest or most superior quality of its kind | 1 | 13 | 5 | *No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Firebal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kelly\|kelly]] | /'keli/ | n. 凯利（男子名）；[古]战士 | n. United States circus clown (1898-1979) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hi, how are you doing Kelly?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiffany\|tiffany]] | /'tifәni/ | n. 丝纱罗 | n. United States artist who developed Tiffany glass (1848-1933) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm doing just fine! God, Tiffany, you smell so great!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfume\|perfume]] | /'pә:fju:m/ | n. 香水, 香气, (悦人的)气氛, 美名 | n. a toiletry that emits and diffuses a fragrant odor | 1 | 5 | 4 | *It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it?* |
