---
season: 5
episode: "17"
title: "The One With Rachel's Inadvertant Kiss"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E17 — The One With Rachel's Inadvertant Kiss

*Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there as Rachel enters, happily.

**Rachel:** Good, you guys are all here!

**Ross:** Hey! What's up?

**Rachel:** Well, I have a job interview at Ralph Lauren tomorrow!

**All:** Congratulations! Ohh, that's great!

**Rachel:** I know!

**Joey:** Boy, that guy's [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] sucks!

**Rachel:** Wh-what?!

**Joey:** I got this [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] marked [[Friends-词汇总表#excess\|excess]], I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.

**Rachel:** Anyway, I'm going to be the [[Friends-词汇总表#coordinator\|coordinator]] of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!

**Phoebe:** Wow! Well, if you [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] the interview, you'll get it!

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** You wanna work on your interview skills?

**Rachel:** O-okay!

**Phoebe:** Okay! All right, let's start with the [[Friends-词汇总表#handshake\|handshake]]. Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi.

*(They shake hands.)*

**Phoebe:** Very good [[Friends-词汇总表#handshake\|handshake]], good [[Friends-词汇总表#wrist\|wrist]] action.

**Monica:** Let me try. *(Gets up to join them.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(They shake hands and she pulls away suddenly)* Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?! *(Rubbing her hand.)*

**Monica:** Did I [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] it too hard?

**Phoebe:** Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.

*(Chandler tries to comprehend that remark.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is standing at the window waving at Ross.

**Joey:** That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, *(To Monica)* same as the day before.

**Monica:** Is he doing his [[Friends-词汇总表#shark\|shark]] attack [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] yet?

**Joey:** Nope. Op, wait! There he goes.

*(We see Ross through the window and he acts like a swimmer that gets attacked by a shark, picture one of the many, many, many Jaws movies they made and you get the idea.)*

**Joey:** *(waving)* Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. *(Notices that a woman is waving back.)* Oh no-no-no, I wasn't [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|waving]] at you lady. *(She just stares at him.)*

*(Joey sees how beautiful she is.) Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.*

**Monica:** Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!

**Joey:** Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. *(He turns back to the woman.)* Okay, here goes. *(Thinks.)* How *(Holds up his hand like an Indian)* you *(Points at her)* a-doin'? *(Does a little twisting motion with both hands and ends up pointing at her, he then winks. She smiles and waves again.)* *(To Monica)* It worked! She's [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|waving]] me over. *(Towards the woman.)* Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor…

**Monica:** *(joining him)* Wow! She is pretty, huh?

**Joey:** Tell me about it, huh? *(Realizes that she can see Monica.)* Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! *(He pantomimes that out.)* Ewwuck! *(He pushes Monica away and makes a disgusted face.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's Building, Joey is trying to find the hot girl's apartment. So he's walking up the hallway counting doors. He comes to what he thinks is the right one and knocks on it. Ross opens the door, it's his apartment.

**Ross:** Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?

**Joey:** This is your place?

**Ross:** Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] to be [[Friends-词汇总表#surf\|surfing]]. *(He pretends he's surfing by the window.)*

**Joey:** But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man! *(Runs away.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is entering again.

**Joey:** Ugh!!

**Monica:** What happened?

**Joey:** I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I [[Friends-词汇总表#musta\|musta]] missed counted or something.

*(Looks out the window.) Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit. (We see Ross sitting on the couch and flipping through the channels on his remote.)*

**Monica:** No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV.

*(It's only when the camera cuts to Ross's apartment that we see that the TV is turned off and Ross is indeed doing a bit. He then tries to hide his smirk.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, later that day, Gary is kissing Phoebe good-bye.] Gary's Radio: We've lost visual contact with the suspect.

**Gary:** Okay, now I've really have to go!

**Phoebe:** But it's just so [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]] that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] at a store [[Friends-词汇总表#clerk\|clerk]].

**Gary:** I know, but it's my job, sweethart!

**Phoebe:** Okay, then maybe I can come too! Gary's Radio: Suspect has just [[Friends-词汇总表#emerge\|emerged]] naked from the [[Friends-词汇总表#sewer\|sewer]].

**Phoebe:** All right, you go. *(They kiss.)*

**Gary:** Bye-bye.

**Phoebe:** 'Kay, bye!

*(Gary closes the door behind him.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh God!

**Monica:** What?

**Phoebe:** Oh I just miss him so much!

**Monica:** Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]] dog, y'know? But like a really [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.

**Monica:** I know it is the best.

**Phoebe:** So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?

**Monica:** What? It's still going on.

**Phoebe:** Come on, seriously! When did it end?

**Monica:** I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.

**Phoebe:** Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]].

**Monica:** *(Start annoying hyper-competitive mode now.)* *(Jumping up)* What don't you just [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down Phoebe! All right?! Why don’t you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!

**Phoebe:** *(Under her breath)* God, I woke the [[Friends-词汇总表#beast\|beast]]. Sorry. *(To Monica)* I was wrong obviously, I just—I [[Friends-词汇总表#misspoke\|misspoke]]. It's okay.

**Monica:** Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and [[Friends-词汇总表#fiery\|fiery]], just as hot as you! I mean our [[Friends-词汇总表#flame\|flame]], [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]], is on fire!

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey Monica, here's your [[Friends-词汇总表#broom\|broom]] back.

**Monica:** You are so cute. *(She goes over and kisses him passionately.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next day, Chandler and Joey are there as Rachel returns from her interview.

**Chandler:** Oh hey, how'd the interview go?

**Rachel:** Ugh, [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]! I did the [[Friends-词汇总表#stupidest\|stupidest]], most [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]] thing!

**Joey:** Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?

**Rachel:** No!

**Chandler:** So what happened?

**Rachel:** Ugh, it was [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jackets]]!" *(She starts laughing; Chandler and Joey are not amused.)* Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!

**Joey:** What happened?

**Rachel:** *(We see a flashback as Rachel describes what happened.)* All right, we were [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shaking]] hands and he kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|leaned]] [[Friends-词汇总表#toward\|toward]] me… Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh… *(The flashback shows that she kissed him on the cheek.)*

**Joey:** You kissed him?!

**Rachel:** Well, I didn't know what else to do!

**Chandler:** Well you [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] tried, not kissing him.

**Rachel:** Thanks Chandler.

**Monica:** *(entering from the bathroom)* Hey Rach, a guy from Ralph Lauren called, you got a second interview!

**Rachel:** I can't believe it! I got a second interview!

**Monica:** Yes!

**Joey:** I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] now, is it?

**Rachel:** What-what, wait a minute, you don't think that's why he wants me back?

**Joey:** Yeah! *(Chandler makes a noise)* No?

**Monica:** A kiss? What are you talking about?

**Rachel:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"

**Chandler:** Come on, Rach.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?

**Monica:** He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.

**Rachel:** Maybe. I-I don't know—Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!

**Joey:** Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] from Joey. Come on. Come on. *(She hugs him and Joey looks out the window.)* She's back! Hot girl's back!

**Rachel:** Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.

**Joey:** No, in Ross's building! *(He throws Rachel onto the chair and heads to the window.)* She's back! She's back! *(Pantomimes)* Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second.

*(He counts where she is again.) Got it! (Runs out and does a little hot over a chair.)*

**Chandler:** I gotta check out this hot girl! *(He heads to the window but realizes something, stops, turns and points at Monica.)* There she is! *(He dances over to her and kisses her.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's building, Joey is knocking on a door again. It's again answered by Ross.

**Joey:** Damnit!! Did you move?!

**Ross:** Yes. I lived with you guys for a while and then I found this place. *(Joey just stares at him)* I'm Ross.

*(Joey makes a frustrated face and noise and walks away. He knocks on the next door and it's answered by an old man.)*

**The Old Man:** Yes?

**Joey:** *(Looking around)* Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there?

**The Old Man:** No. I'm all alone.

**Joey:** Yeah. Sorry about that. *(He walks away and knocks on the next door which is answered by a little girl.)* Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or [[Friends-词汇总表#babysitter\|babysitter]] by any chance a hot girl?

**The Little Girl:** Daddy!!

**Joey:** Later! *(He runs away down the hall and hides behind a corner to a whole other corridor.)* Oh man! *(Walks down the hallway in desperation.)* Hot girl! Hot girl!!


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's job interview, she is waiting outside Mr. Zelner's (the interviewer) office banging her pen between her teeth.] Mr. Zelner: Hi Rachel!

**Rachel:** Hi! Mr. Zelner: Come on in.

*(They go inside.) Mr. Zelner: It's really nice to see you again.*

**Rachel:** Thank you. Mr. Zelner: *(Sees that she has some ink on her lip from her pen.)* Oh Rachel, uhh… *(He points to his lip to get her to notice the ink on hers.)*

**Rachel:** What? Mr. Zelner: Just ah… *(He points again.)*

**Rachel:** Excuse me? Mr. Zelner: Here let me… *(He goes to wipe it off himself.)*

**Rachel:** *(stopping him)* Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]], but I am not some [[Friends-词汇总表#hussy\|hussy]] who will just sleep around to get [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]! Now even though I *(He tries to interrupt and tell her about the ink)*, hey-hey-hey, even though I kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me. I do not want, this job that bad. Good day, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]. *(She storms out of his office.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is returning from her interview attempt.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Ugh, you will not believe what that sleaze-ball from Ralph Lauren did too me!

*(Joey, Monica, and Ross all point to their lips to get Rachel to once again notice the ink on her lip.)*

**Rachel:** Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?

**Ross:** You got [[Friends-词汇总表#ink\|ink]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]].

**Rachel:** Oh. *(Realizes.)* Ohhhhhhhhh….


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Gary and Chandler and Monica are all there.

**Chandler:** *(To Gary)* So what do you say, maybe [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] I hold your [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]]?

**Gary:** I don't know man, we're really not supposed to do that.

**Chandler:** Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you… *(He gestures and spills some of his coffee.)*

**Gary:** Yeah, I'm gonna say no.

**Monica:** Phoebe, do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?

**Phoebe:** Oh we can't, we already have plans.

**Monica:** What are you doing?

**Phoebe:** Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]. But have fun at the movie.

**Monica:** *(That annoying competitiveness thing kicks in again, what the heck is that with her and why must the writers show it every flippin' episode?!)* Oh, we're not seeing a movie!

**Phoebe:** You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?

**Monica:** Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Monica:** Okay. *(She gets up and walks over to Chandler.)* Chandler? Can I see you for a second?

**Chandler:** Uh, yeah.

**Monica:** Okay. *(They walk away to get some privacy.)* We have got to [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] them! {Here we go yet again.}

**Chandler:** Why?

**Monica:** 'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a [[Friends-词汇总表#hotter\|hotter]] couple than we are!

**Chandler:** Ohh, so?

**Monica:** So! So we've got to go [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] and have a lot of sex to [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] them wrong!

**Chandler:** Monica, you have got to stop this [[Friends-词汇总表#competitive\|competitive]] thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] Gary and Phoebe we have to go [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]].


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The lobby in Ross's building, we see a flyer that is on the bulletin board that reads, "Are you the Hot Girl who waved at me? If so, give me a call!" and it's signed, Joey 629-9*** (The last couple of numbers have been ripped off). Anyhoo, Ross is getting his mail.

**Ross:** *(to the woman checking her mail next to him)* Hey!

*(A man walks up.)*

**The Man:** *(To Ross)* Excuse me. *(He puts up a flyer that has a sketch drawing of Joey and it reads, "Warning! Intruder! If you see this creep - call the cops!")* You should check this out, tell the other tenants. Apparently he's running around looking for some kind of a hot girl.

**Ross:** *(to the woman checking her mail)* Who isn't?

*(For the first time we see that the woman Ross is talking too is in fact the hot girl that Joey is looking for. She just kinda stares at him.)*

**Ross:** I don't, I don't think we've meet. I-I'm Ross.

**The Hot Girl:** I know. You're the guy who wouldn't chip in for the handyman.

**Ross:** Nevermind! *(Goes back to his mailbox.)*

**The Hot Girl:** No, I-I actually thought it was unfair the way everyone reacted. I mean you had just moved in.

**Ross:** I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm…

**The Hot Girl:** Jen.

**Ross:** Jen, I know this may sound a little…*(makes some kind of crazy noise)* But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]], or…

**Jen:** Sure! That would be nice.

**Ross:** Umm?

**Jen:** Oh! My number is on there. *(Hands him a business card.)* Give me a call.

**Ross:** I will give you a call.

**Jen:** I'll see you later. *(Starts to walk away.)*

**Ross:** Okay!

*(After she's left, Ross gets really happy and starts kissing the card. Suddenly, she returns.)*

**Jen:** I forgot my paper. *(Ross quickly hides the card in his mouth.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, a post-coital Monica and Chandler are recovering on the couch.

**Chandler:** That was amazing!

**Monica:** Phoebe and Gary are so gonna hear about this at dinner.

**Chandler:** That was amazing.

**Monica:** We are the [[Friends-词汇总表#hottest\|hottest]]! Huh? No one is [[Friends-词汇总表#hotter\|hotter]] than we are! You're the best.

**Chandler:** No, you're the best.

**Monica:** No, you're the best.

**Chandler:** No, you're the best.

**Monica:** I am the best.

*(Just as they start to get up, Joey walks in.)*

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey guys! *(Sees their state of undress)* What 'cha been doin'?

*(Has a silly grin.)*

**Monica:** *(looking out the window)* Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|waved]] at you the other day?

**Joey:** I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. *(He looks out the window.)* Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.

**Monica:** Why?

**Joey:** Because it's [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl [[Friends-词汇总表#parallel\|parallel]] [[Friends-词汇总表#universe\|universe]], or something.

**Monica:** What are you talking about? *(Pointing out the window.)* She obviously lives on the second floor, [[Friends-词汇总表#seventh\|seventh]] apartment from the left!

**Joey:** No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, [[Friends-词汇总表#eighth\|eighth]] apartment from the left.

**Monica:** No, those first two windows, *(Points)* that's the [[Friends-词汇总表#lobby\|lobby]]. And y'know the other one over there, that's the [[Friends-词汇总表#stairway\|stairway]]. You've been counting wrong.

**Joey:** I did not know that! Thank you Monica. *(Starts to leave)* I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.


> [!scene] Scene: Jen's apartment, Ross is picking her up for their date.

**Ross:** So uhh, you ready?

**Jen:** Sure, I'll just get my [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]]. *(There's a knock on the door.)* Could you get that?

**Ross:** Sure. *(He opens the door to Joey. Needless to say, Joey's stunned.)* Joey…

**Joey:** Dahhhhh!! *(Ross has a puzzled look on his face.)* No! Noooo!! *(Storms off.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Mr. Zelner's office, Rachel has come back again to try and do that second interview.

**Rachel:** Ah, first, I-I would like to say thank you for agreeing to see me again. Mr. Zelner: That's quite all right, but I feel [[Friends-词汇总表#obligate\|obligated]] to tell you that this meeting is being [[Friends-词汇总表#videotape\|videotaped]].

**Rachel:** *(looks around for the camera)* Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologizing]] for kissing you and uh, for [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] at you. Mr. Zelner: Fair enough.

**Rachel:** Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, *(She puts her hands on his desk blotter and he moves it. Rachel then doesn't know where to put her hands.)* who did, who did not umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] at you and [[Friends-词汇总表#storm\|storm]] out, and I think that's a big [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] and here's why. I made a huge [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] of myself and I came back, that shows [[Friends-词汇总表#courage\|courage]]. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows [[Friends-词汇总表#integrity\|integrity]]. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. *(Suddenly realizes that she said courage twice.)* Okay umm, now I know I already said [[Friends-词汇总表#courage\|courage]], but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the [[Friends-词汇总表#workplace\|workplace]], I said no and I was not [[Friends-词汇总表#litigious\|litigious]]. {By the way, litigious means to want to [[Friends-词汇总表#litigate\|litigate]] and litigate is to make a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawsuit\|lawsuit]] against.  So she didn't want to [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]] him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got *(counts them off with her fingers)* [[Friends-词汇总表#courage\|courage]], you got [[Friends-词汇总表#integrity\|integrity]], you got *(Pause)* [[Friends-词汇总表#courage\|courage]] again, and not [[Friends-词汇总表#litigious\|litigious]]. Look Mr… Mr. Zelner: Zelner.

**Rachel:** Zelner! Right! I knew that! I really, really want this job and I think, I think I would be really good at it. Mr. Zelner: Y'know what? I may [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] this but uh, I'm going to give you a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]].

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Oh! You are? Mr. Zelner: Um-hmm.

**Rachel:** Really? Oh thank you! Oh… Oh, would it be completely [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] to give you a [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]]? Mr. Zelner: Yes!

**Rachel:** Okay, well then how about a [[Friends-词汇总表#handshake\|handshake]]? *(She goes to shake his hand but misses and touches his groin.)* Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that—I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so—Hey! I'll see you Monday!

*(Exits.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A restaurant, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, and Gary are on a double date. Chandler is yawning.

**Phoebe:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] Chandler?

**Monica:** You better believe he's [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]], after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?

**Chandler:** Honey, the [[Friends-词汇总表#tortilla\|tortilla]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chips]] know what you mean.

**Gary:** So uh Chandler, you like that [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]] I got you?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, it's so cool. *(He opens his coat and has it pinned to the lining.)* Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. *(Pause, softly)* That's [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]-pee.

*(Heads for the bathroom.)*

**Monica:** Phoebe, you have a, a [[Friends-词汇总表#twig\|twig]] in your hair.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, *(laughs)* umm, we kinda took a little [[Friends-词汇总表#detour\|detour]] on the way over here.

**Gary:** Yeah, we took a little [[Friends-词汇总表#stroll\|stroll]] in the park and no one was around, so…

**Monica:** You didn't!

**Phoebe:** We did! We [[Friends-词汇总表#violate\|violated]] Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!

**Monica:** The park huh? A public place.

**Gary:** Uh-huh.

**Monica:** I hear ya. Excuse me for just a second! *(Gets up and heads for the bathroom as that annoying Gotta-win-at-all-costs-super-competitive thing kicks in again.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the Men's room. Chandler is practicing flashing his badge as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Hi Chandler.

**Chandler:** Monica! This is the Men's room! *(Pause)* Isn't it?

**Monica:** Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?

**Chandler:** No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]!

**Monica:** Come on, we can't let them win!

**Chandler:** Ugh, we have already [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|proved]] that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so [[Friends-词汇总表#obsess\|obsessed]] about this thing?!

**Monica:** Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!

**Chandler:** *(gasps)* So?

**Monica:** I feel really sad that we're not…really there anymore.

**Chandler:** Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?

**Monica:** Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?

**Chandler:** Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting. *(Kisses her.)*

**Monica:** That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Monica:** Yeah. *(They hug.)*

**Chandler:** Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.

**Monica:** Did not.

**Chandler:** Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!

**Monica:** Okay, I freaked out a little.

**Chandler:** Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, [[Friends-词汇总表#irrational\|irrational]] [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] up! *(Does a dance of joy.)* *(Monica glares at him.)* And now we're back. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Looking through Ross's window, he's doing more pantomimes. The first one is he's walking a dog that has stopped, then suddenly tugs him forward.


> [!scene] Cut to the inside of Monica and Rachel's apartment, Monica and Rachel are sitting at the table.

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* I cannot believe Ross is buying this!

**Monica:** Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!

**Chandler:** *(entering)* You guys ready [[Friends-词汇总表#fore\|fore]] the movies?

**Rachel:** Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.

*(We see through the big window from the outside and see that Monica and Rachel have pictures of their faces pasted onto cardboard cutouts of Pamela Anderson and Yasmine Bleeth wearing their Baywatch swimsuits.)*

**Ross:** *(from his apartment)* Man! They cannot get enough! *(Makes like he's a robot and waves at the cutouts.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（39）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 5 | 254 | 104 | *That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday,  same* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 4 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 4 | 162 | 106 | *Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 4 | 99 | 81 | *Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 3 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the directo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *What happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 3 | 219 | 100 | *You kissed him?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 3 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me? Mr. Zelner: Here let me…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *God, I woke the beast. Sorry.  I was wrong obviously, I just—I misspoke. It's okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me… Y'know maybe he was going to open th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Phoebe, do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *I feel really sad that we're not…really there anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Boy, that guy's underwear sucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay.  Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Bye-bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Come on, seriously! When did it end?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *God, I woke the beast. Sorry.  I was wrong obviously, I just—I misspoke. It's okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *You are so cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He sai* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big mistake now, is it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Maybe. I-I don't know—Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Yeah. Sorry about that.  Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Jen, I know this may sound a little… But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *I forgot my paper.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that.  Okay, here goes.  How  you  a-doin'?   It worked! She's waving me ove* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Oh yeah, it's so cool.  Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100.  That's pee-pee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *I feel really sad that we're not…really there anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the begin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.* |

### 常用词（47）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 3 | 59 | 18 | *Well, I have a job interview at Ralph Lauren tomorrow!* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 3 | 49 | 20 | *Well, I have a job interview at Ralph Lauren tomorrow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|wave]] | /weiv/ | n. 波, 波浪, 波动, 起伏, 高潮, 潮涌, 挥手致意, (气压)突变 | n. one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid (especial | 2 | 18 | 13 | *Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay.  Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 2 | 65 | 46 | *Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 2 | 60 | 45 | *I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big mistake now, is it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 2 | 73 | 45 | *Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on.  She's back* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 2 | 38 | 29 | *So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 2 | 28 | 21 | *So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 2 | 53 | 31 | *Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 2 | 53 | 40 | *You tired Chandler?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Congratulations! Ohh, that's great!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *Boy, that guy's underwear sucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] | /pєә/ | n. 一双, 一对, 一副 | n. a set of two similar things considered as a unit | 1 | 18 | 16 | *I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] | /neil/ | n. 钉子, 指甲 | n. horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Wow! Well, if you nail the interview, you'll get it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Did I squeeze it too hard?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] | /flә:t/ | n. 卖弄风骚的人, 急动, 急扔 | n. playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest | 1 | 32 | 13 | *Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]] | /.ʌn'fєә/ | a. 不公平的, 不正直的, 不正当的 | a. not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception | 1 | 18 | 16 | *But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store cler* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]] | /'pʌpi/ | n. 小狗, 小动物, 自负的年轻人 | n. a young dog | 1 | 22 | 12 | *Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don’t you just get all your facts before you r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He sai* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shake]] | /ʃeik/ | n. 摇动, 震动 | v. move or cause to move back and forth | 1 | 29 | 21 | *All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me… Y'know maybe he was going to open th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|lean]] | /li:n/ | n. 瘦肉, 倾斜, 倾斜度 | v. to incline or bend from a vertical position | 1 | 10 | 10 | *All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me… Y'know maybe he was going to open th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] | /.æksi'dentli/ | adv. 偶然地, 意外地 | r without advance planning | 1 | 17 | 16 | *I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit!! Did you move?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] | /im'preʃәn/ | n. 印象, 意念, 盖印, 印记, 印数, 底色, 效果 | n. a vague idea in which some confidence is placed | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *You got ink on your lip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] | /gʌn/ | n. 枪 | n. a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal  | 1 | 22 | 16 | *So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Okay.  We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] | /im'pres/ | n. 印象, 特征, 印记 | n. the act of coercing someone into government service | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] | /im'pɒsәbl/ | a. 不可能的, 难以置信的, 令人无法忍受的 | n. something that cannot be done | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe,* |
| noooo |  | [网络] 豪炎寺甚至是麦克鸡；好机会；不要长大好了 |  | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Dahhhhh!!  No! Noooo!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] | /ri'gret/ | n. 遗憾, 后悔, 悔恨, 抱歉, 歉意 | v. feel sad about the loss or absence of | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Zelner! Right! I knew that! I really, really want this job and I think, I think I would be really go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] | /.inә'prәupriәt/ | a. 不适当的, 不相称的 | a. not suitable for a particular occasion etc | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Really? Oh thank you! Oh… Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug? Mr. Zelner: Ye* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relations* |

### 低频词（58）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gary\|gary]] | /'^eәri/ | n. 盖理 | n. a city in northwest Indiana on Lake Michigan; steel production | 6 | 24 | 8 | *Okay, then maybe I can come too! Gary's Radio: Suspect has just emerged naked from the sewer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#courage\|courage]] | /'kʌridʒ/ | n. 勇气, 胆量 | n. a quality of spirit that enables you to face danger or pain without showing f | 6 | 10 | 5 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handshake\|handshake]] | /'hændʃeik/ | n. 握手 | n. grasping and shaking a person's hand (as to acknowledge an introduction or to | 3 | 5 | 2 | *Okay! All right, let's start with the handshake. Hi.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#litigious\|litigious]] | /li'tidʒәs/ | a. 好诉讼的, 好争论的 | a. of or relating to litigation | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excess\|excess]] | /ik'ses/ | n. 过度, 剩于, 超过, 超额 | n. a quantity much larger than is needed | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hotter\|hotter]] | /'hɔtә(r)/ | a. 热的；热烈的 | a used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or g | 2 | 7 | 6 | *'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#integrity\|integrity]] | /in'tegriti/ | n. 正直, 廉正, 完整 | n. an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#litigate\|litigate]] | /'litigeit/ | vi. 对簿法庭 | v. engage in legal proceedings | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coordinator\|coordinator]] | /kәu'ɒ:dineitә/ | n. 协调者, 同等的人或物 | n. someone whose task is to see that work goes harmoniously | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the directo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrist\|wrist]] | /rist/ | n. 手腕, 腕关节 | n. a joint between the distal end of the radius and the proximal row of carpal b | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Very good handshake, good wrist action.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shark\|shark]] | /ʃɑ:k/ | n. 鲨鱼, 骗子 | n. any of numerous elongate mostly marine carnivorous fishes with heterocercal c | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surf\|surf]] | /sә:f/ | n. 海浪, 拍岸浪 | n. waves breaking on the shore | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#musta\|musta]] |  | n. (Musta)人名；(罗)穆斯塔 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something.* |
| watchin |  | [网络] 看吧 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clerk\|clerk]] | /klә:k/ | n. 办事员, 职员, 文书 | n. an employee who performs clerical work (e.g., keeps records or accounts) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store cler* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suspect\|suspect]] | /sә'spekt/ | n. 被怀疑者, 嫌疑犯 | n. someone who is under suspicion | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay, then maybe I can come too! Gary's Radio: Suspect has just emerged naked from the sewer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emerge\|emerge]] | /i'mә:dʒ/ | vi. 浮现, 形成, 出现, (事实)显露 | v. come out into view, as from concealment | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, then maybe I can come too! Gary's Radio: Suspect has just emerged naked from the sewer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sewer\|sewer]] | /'su:ә/ | n. 下水道, 阴沟, 裁缝师 | n. a waste pipe that carries away sewage or surface water | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, then maybe I can come too! Gary's Radio: Suspect has just emerged naked from the sewer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]] | /'kjuәriәs/ | a. 好奇的, 求知的, 古怪的 | s. beyond or deviating from the usual or expected | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beast\|beast]] | /bi:st/ | n. 畜生, 动物, 野兽, 兽性 | n. a cruelly rapacious person | 1 | 5 | 4 | *God, I woke the beast. Sorry.  I was wrong obviously, I just—I misspoke. It's okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misspoke\|misspoke]] | /,mis'spәjk/ | vbl.misspeak的过去式,读错,念错 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *God, I woke the beast. Sorry.  I was wrong obviously, I just—I misspoke. It's okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fiery\|fiery]] | /'faiәri/ | a. 炽热的, 热烈的, 暴躁的 | s. like or suggestive of fire | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flame\|flame]] | /fleim/ | n. 火焰, 火舌, 热情, 光辉 | v. be in flames or aflame | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#broom\|broom]] | /bru:m/ | n. 扫帚, 金雀花 | n. a cleaning implement for sweeping; bundle of straws or twigs attached to a lo | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey Monica, here's your broom back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupidest\|stupidest]] |  | a. 蠢的( stupid的最高级 ) | a lacking or marked by lack of intellectual acuity | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toward\|toward]] | /tә'wɒ:d/ | prep. 向, 对于, 为了 | prep. Alt. of Towards | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me… Y'know maybe he was going to open th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] | /'kjdә/ | <口> = could have |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babysitter\|babysitter]] |  | n. 临时照顾幼儿者 | n. a person engaged to care for children when the parents are not home | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah. Sorry about that.  Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hussy\|hussy]] | /'hʌsi/ | n. 粗野女子, 轻佻女子 | n a woman adulterer | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ink\|ink]] | /iŋk/ | n. 墨水, 墨汁 | n. a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing | 1 | 7 | 6 | *You got ink on your lip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#competitive\|competitive]] | /kәm'petitiv/ | a. 竞争的 | a. involving competition or competitiveness | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nevermind\|nevermind]] | /'nevә'maind/ | 注意, 留意, 理会 |  | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Nevermind!* |
| jen |  | n. 珍（女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Jen, I know this may sound a little… But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hottest\|hottest]] |  | a. 热的；热烈的；最热门的 | a used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or g | 1 | 6 | 6 | *We are the hottest! Huh? No one is hotter than we are! You're the best.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#parallel\|parallel]] | /'pærәlel/ | n. 平行, 对比, 相匹敌之物 | n. (mathematics) one of a set of parallel geometric figures (parallel lines or p | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#universe\|universe]] | /'ju:nivә:s/ | n. 宇宙, 星系, (思想等)范围 | n. everything that exists anywhere | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seventh\|seventh]] | /'sevnθ/ | num. 第七, 七分之一 | n. position seven in a countable series of things | 1 | 5 | 5 | *What are you talking about?  She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the lef* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eighth\|eighth]] | /eitθ/ | num. 第八, 八分之一 | n. position eight in a countable series of things | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lobby\|lobby]] | /'lɒbi/ | n. 大厅, 休息室, 游说议员者 | n. the people who support some common cause or business or principle or sectiona | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, those first two windows,  that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stai* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stairway\|stairway]] | /'stєәwei/ | n. 楼梯, 阶梯 | n. a way of access (upward and downward) consisting of a set of steps | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, those first two windows,  that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stai* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obligate\|obligate]] | /'ɒbligeit/ | vt. 使负义务, 强使, 使感激, 施恩惠于 | v. commit in order to fulfill an obligation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ah, first, I-I would like to say thank you for agreeing to see me again. Mr. Zelner: That's quite al* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#videotape\|videotape]] |  | n. 录相磁带 | n. a video recording made on magnetic tape | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ah, first, I-I would like to say thank you for agreeing to see me again. Mr. Zelner: That's quite al* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#storm\|storm]] | /stɒ:m/ | n. 暴风雨, 骚动, 风波, 风暴, 猛攻 | n. a violent weather condition with winds 64-72 knots (11 on the Beaufort scale) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#workplace\|workplace]] |  | n. 工作场所, 工厂, 车间 | n. a place where work is done | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawsuit\|lawsuit]] | /'lɒ:sju:t/ | n. 诉讼 | n. a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of law whereby an individu | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]] | /su:/ | vt. 控告, 起诉, 请求 | n. French writer whose novels described the sordid side of city life (1804-1857) | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah,  who did, who did not umm, yell * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tortilla\|tortilla]] | /tɔ:'tilә/ | n. 玉米饼 | n. thin unleavened pancake made from cornmeal or wheat flour | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]] | /bædʒ/ | n. 徽章, 标记 | n. an emblem (a small piece of plastic or cloth or metal) that signifies your st | 1 | 11 | 5 | *So uh Chandler, you like that badge I got you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twig\|twig]] | /twig/ | n. 小枝, 细枝 | v. branch out in a twiglike manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Phoebe, you have a, a twig in your hair.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#detour\|detour]] | /'di:tuә/ | n. 绕路, 迂回 | n. a roundabout road (especially one that is used temporarily while a main route | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ohh,  umm, we kinda took a little detour on the way over here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stroll\|stroll]] | /strәul/ | n. 闲逛, 漫步 | v. walk leisurely and with no apparent aim | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, we took a little stroll in the park and no one was around, so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violate\|violate]] | /'vaiәleit/ | vt. 违犯, 亵渎, 违反, 侵犯, 妨碍 | v. fail to agree with; be in violation of; as of rules or patterns | 1 | 4 | 4 | *We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paragraph\|paragraph]] | /'pærәgrɑ:f/ | n. 段落, 短评 | n. one of several distinct subdivisions of a text intended to separate ideas; th | 1 | 1 | 1 | *We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsess\|obsess]] | /әb'ses/ | vt. 迷住, 使困扰 | v. be preoccupied with something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irrational\|irrational]] | /i'ræʃәnәl/ | n. 无理数 | a. not consistent with or using reason | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relations* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fore\|fore]] | /fɒ:/ | a. 在前的, 以前的 | a. situated at or toward the bow of a vessel | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You guys ready fore the movies?* |
| pamela | /'pæmilә, 'pæmәlә/ | n. 帕梅拉（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yasmine\|yasmine]] |  | n. 亚斯明（女子名） |  | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.* |
