---
season: 5
episode: "11"
title: "The One With All The Resolutions"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E11 — The One With All The Resolutions

*Teleplay by: Suzie Villandry*

*Story by: Brian Boyle*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are hosting a New Year's party. So the place is crowded and in a shameless promotion for NBC they're watching Jay Leno's coverage of New Year's from Time Square.

**Jay Leno:** *(On TV to Dick Clark)* Is there any entertainment there? What are people doing?

**Joey:** All right! Here we go! 1999! The year of Joey!

**Chandler:** *(deadpan, standing next to Monica)* We're very happy for you.

**Joey:** What's the matter?!

**Chandler:** We wanted to kiss at [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]], but nobody else is going to so y'know…

**Joey:** All right, I'll take care of it.

**Monica:** Oh no, wait! Joey!

*(They try to stop him, not sure of what he's planning. He ignores them and goes to talk to Ross.)*

**Ross:** *(hopping)* 73! 72! 71!

**Joey:** Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]], huh? Rachel or Phoebe?

**Ross:** What?

**Joey:** Well you gotta kiss someone, you can't kiss your sister.

**Ross:** Well, who's gonna kiss my sister.

**Joey:** Chandler.

**Ross:** Awww, man! Really?

**Joey:** Dude-dude, who would you rather have kiss your sister, me or Chandler?

**Ross:** That's a good point.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.

**Joey:** Okay, great!

**Ross:** All right.

**Joey:** Pheebs! Pheebs! Ross wants to kiss you at [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]]!

**Phoebe:** It's so [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]], why doesn't he just ask?

**Joey:** Rach! Rach! Listen, I'm gonna kiss you at [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]].

**Rachel:** What?!

**Ross:** Well, everyone's gotta kiss someone. You can't kiss Ross you got the history.

**Rachel:** So?

**Joey:** So? Who would you rather have kiss you, me or Chandler?

**Rachel:** Oh, good point.

**Joey:** Yeah!

**All:** *(watching the ball drop)* 3! 2! 1! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!

*(And with that everyone starts playing tonsil hockey. Chandler with Monica, Ross with Phoebe, and Joey with Rachel.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Happy New Year!

**Monica:** Happy New Year.

**Ross:** *(To Phoebe)* Happy New Year, Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** You too!

**Rachel:** *(To Joey)* Happy New Year, Joey!

**Joey:** So did that do anything for ya?

*(Rachel slowly walks away.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, after the party. Everyone has left, except for the gang.

**Ross:** Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a [[Friends-词汇总表#limb\|limb]] and say no divorces in '99!

**Rachel:** But your divorce isn't even final yet.

**Ross:** Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.

**Chandler:** Do you want us to leave the room, or?

**Ross:** Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.

**Phoebe:** Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to [[Friends-词汇总表#pilot\|pilot]] a commercial [[Friends-词汇总表#jet\|jet]].

**Chandler:** That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a [[Friends-词汇总表#planeload\|planeload]] of people who's resolution is to [[Friends-词汇总表#plummet\|plummet]] to their deaths.

**Phoebe:** Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] you to Europe for free on their own [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]].

**Monica:** She has a better chance of [[Friends-词汇总表#sprout\|sprouting]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|wings]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] up your [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] than you do of not making fun of us.

**Ross:** In fact, I'll bet you 50 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.

**Chandler:** I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] could be the "new thing you do that day!" *(Ross looks at him.)* And it starts right now!

**Joey:** All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.

**Ross:** Ohh.

**Phoebe:** Really?! How come?

**Joey:** Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]]? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.

**Phoebe:** Do you want me to [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you? I'm a great teacher.

**Joey:** Really? Who-who have you [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]]?

**Phoebe:** Well, I [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] me and I love me.

**Joey:** Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!

**Rachel:** Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his [[Friends-词汇总表#stapler\|stapler]] in his desk [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]], if you know what I'm talking about.

**Monica:** Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#gossip\|gossip]] less.

**Rachel:** I don't [[Friends-词汇总表#gossip\|gossip]]!

*(They all laugh.)*

**Rachel:** Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#gossip\|gossip]]. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?

**Monica:** Well if Ted Kopel talked about his [[Friends-词汇总表#coworkers\|coworkers]] [[Friends-词汇总表#botch\|botched]] [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] jobs, I would.

**Rachel:** What? They were like this!

*(She puts her hands over her breasts and indicates that the coworkers boob job resulted in one pointing up and one pointing down with her hands by pointing up with one hand and down with the other.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is talking to a beautiful woman as Chandler and Joey enter.

**Woman:** I'll see you tomorrow.

**Ross:** Okay! *(She leaves.)* *(To Chandler and Joey.)* Hey! Chandler and Joey: Hey!

**Ross:** I just asked that girl out.

**Chandler:** Nice!

**Joey:** Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?

**Ross:** Yes it is. See. *(Shows them the piece of paper she gave him with her name and phone number on it.)*

**Chandler:** *(reading it)* Elizabeth Hornswoggle?

**Ross:** That's right, uh, Elizabeth Hornswoggle.

**Chandler:** Horn-swoggle.

**Joey:** You all right Chandler? Is there something funny about that name?

**Chandler:** No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] before. *(Sits down rubbing his temple.)*

**Joey:** Oh really! Where? Somewhere funny I'd bet! *(Chandler is straining to keep quiet as Phoebe enters.)*

**Ross:** Hi, Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Ross:** Oh-oh, guess what? I-I have a date with Elizabeth *(Talking into Chandler's ear.)* Hornswoggle.

**Phoebe:** Hornswoggle? *(To Chandler)* Ooh, this must be killing you.

**Ross:** All right, see you later.

**Joey:** See ya! All right Pheebs, I am ready for my first [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]].

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(Joey tries to take the guitar.)* Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here, *(Points to her head.)* then you learn here. *(Points to the guitar.)*

**Joey:** Umm, okay.

**Phoebe:** Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] one: [[Friends-词汇总表#chord\|chords]]. Now, I don't know the actual names of the chords but umm, I-I-I made up names for the way my hand looks while I'm doing them. *(She starts to show Joey the chords. Transcribers Note: For this one you'll have to use your imagination, 'cause it would take me 50 pages to describe each one. So if you want to see them, you'll have to wait for this episode to come to a TV near you.)* *(Holding up her hand and then reconfiguring her hand with each name.)* So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady. *(Joey tries to imitate them.)*

**Chandler:** What an interesting approach to guitar [[Friends-词汇总表#instruction\|instruction]]. Y'know some might find it [[Friends-词汇总表#amuse\|amusing]], I myself find it regular.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is entering with Rachel.

**Phoebe:** Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#gossip\|gossip]] at all.

**Rachel:** I didn’t! Even when I found out…umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it. *(Goes into her room.)*

**Joey:** Hey, Pheebs! Check-check this out. *(Holds up his hand in one of Phoebe's chords.)*

**Phoebe:** Ooh, you [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nailed]] the Old Lady! *(They both laugh at what she said.)*

**Joey:** Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and…

**Phoebe:** Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!

**Joey:** No.

**Phoebe:** Give me your hands. *(He does and she smells his left hand.)* Strings. Gimme it! *(He gives her his right hand and she smells it as well.)* Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?

**Joey:** Yes!

**Phoebe:** Then don't touch one!!

**Ross:** *(entering, with Ben)* Hi!

**Ben:** Hi!

**Monica:** Hi Ben!

**Ben:** Auntie Monica!! *(He runs to hug her.)*

**Chandler:** *(notices something)* Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? *(Pause, no one speaks.)* Someone comment on the pants!

**Rachel:** I think they're very nice.

**Monica:** I like 'em.

**Joey:** Yeah! *(Chandler bangs the table in frustration.)*

**Monica:** I like them a lot.

**Chandler:** That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]]. *(Motions to Ross's buttock.)* Maybe there's something in that area.

*(They all speak at once in general approval of his pants selection; Joey asks where he got them. I can't pick out the rest of it.)*

**Ross:** Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, *(To Chandler)* I never really owned a good smelling [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] of pants before."

*(No one says anything.)*

**Chandler:** Oh come on!! *(Storms out.)*

**Ross:** *(after he's left)* Okay, seriously, what do you think?

**Joey:** You look like a freak.

**Rachel:** Awful, absolutely [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]]. *(Plus other negative comments from Phoebe and Monica.)*

*(Monica starts taking pictures of Ross and Ben, with the flash.)*

**Ross:** What are you, what are you doing?

**Monica:** It's my New Year's resolution!

**Ross:** What, to [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] my child?

**Monica:** No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.

**Joey:** Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well. *(Does a chord and Monica starts taking pictures of him and Phoebe. They both start to strike a pose with the excessive amount of pictures that Monica takes.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Elizabeth Hornswoggle's apartment; Ross is there on his date with her. They are sitting on the couch watching a movie. Ross is obviously hot.

**Ross:** *(talking to himself)* My God! These pants are [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burning]] up! *(He's still wearing the leather pants.)* *(She snuggles closer.)* Oh come on, she wants to [[Friends-词汇总表#snuggle\|snuggle]] now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a [[Friends-词汇总表#volcano\|volcano]] in here! *(Out loud.)* Are you hot?

**Elizabeth Hornswoggle:** No.

**Ross:** Okay, it must just be me then.

*(He shifts on the couch and a ripping sound emanates from his lower regions, the sound reminds one of a brief explosion of gas. In other words, it sounds like he farted. She has a look of horrific wonderment, wondering "Did he just fart?")*

**Ross:** That was just the pants on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?

**Elizabeth:** No, go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]].

**Ross:** Thanks. *(Gets up and as he does so, the sound returns. Without another word he heads into her bathroom.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Elizabeth Hornswoggle's bathroom, Ross frantically pulls his shirt out and drops his pants. He exhales in sheer ecstasy as the coolness of the bathroom envelops his legs. He sits on the cast iron bathtub, again gasping in pleasure. He next grabs a magazine and starts to blow air on his exposed legs, but that doesn't work the way he wants it to. So he throws the magazine down, looks around for another idea, and finds one. He jumps up and hops to the sink. He turns on the water and starts to splash some on his legs, cooling them further.

**Ross:** *(in ecstasy)* Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh……….

**Elizabeth:** *(yelling from outside)* Hey, my favorite part is coming up!

**Ross:** 'Kay!

*(He goes to pull up his pants, but can't seem to get them past his knees. He frantically tries to pull them up to no avail. Panic sets in.)*

**Ross:** Oh my God!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is drilling Joey on the chords as Monica looks on.

**Phoebe:** Tiger! *(Joey moves his hand in an attempt to do the chord, in fact he does it with each name.)* Dragon! Iceberg!! *(He fails.)* Joseph, did you even study at all last night?

**Joey:** Yes! Yes, I did.

**Phoebe:** Then do Iceberg!

**Joey:** *(thinks)* *(quietly)* G-[[Friends-词汇总表#sharp\|sharp]].

**Phoebe:** G-[[Friends-词汇总表#sharp\|sharp]]? Have you been studying the real names of the [[Friends-词汇总表#chord\|chords]]?

*(Joey doesn't answer.) Have you? (He looks away in shame.) Oh my God!*

**Joey:** What?! I didn't touch a guitar!

**Phoebe:** No, but you're questioning my method!

**Joey:** No, I'm not questioning it, I'm saying it's stupid! *(Notices Monica standing between them and smiling.)* What?! *(The camera clicks, taking another picture.)*

**Monica:** Thank you. *(Leaves.)*

**Phoebe:** Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.

**Joey:** Your other student, was you!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]]!

**Joey:** *(looking in the Yellow Pages)* Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaches]] guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!! *(Storms out.)*

**Phoebe:** Fine! You go learn from your [[Friends-词汇总表#qualify\|qualified]] [[Friends-词汇总表#instructor\|instructor]]! But don't come crying to me when everyone's [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!

**Rachel:** *(entering, singing)* "Baddest man in the whole damn town."

**Phoebe:** Oh, fine! Take his side! *(Storms out.)*

*(Rachel looks shocked, gets over it, notices she's alone, and picks up the phone. The last part of which is something she shouldn't have done, because the phone is already in use. By Monica, and now Rachel can hear every word.)*

**Monica:** *(on phone)* I can't wait to be with you! I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] for a couple of hours.

**Chandler:** *(on phone)* Laundry. Huh. Is that my new [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]]? *(Rachel is absolutely stunned, she opens her mouth in absolute amazement.)*

**Monica:** *(on phone)* Awww, y'know what your [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]] is, Mr. Big…

**Rachel:** Arghh!! *(She quickly hangs up the phone and starts to pace around wondering what to do.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, The phone rings and Joey answers it.

**Joey:** *(answering phone)* Hello?

**Ross:** *(calling from Elizabeth's bathroom)* Joey, it's Ross! I need some help!

**Joey:** Uhh, Chandler's not here.

**Ross:** Well, you can help me!

**Joey:** Okay.

**Ross:** Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom…

**Joey:** Nice!

**Ross:** No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have [[Friends-词汇总表#shrink\|shrunk]] from the-the [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] or-or-or my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]] [[Friends-词汇总表#expand\|expanded]] from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!

**Joey:** Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, [[Friends-词汇总表#powder\|powder]]?

**Ross:** Powder! Yeah! Yeah, I have [[Friends-词汇总表#powder\|powder]]! *(Grabs some of her shelf.)*

**Joey:** Good-good, okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#sprinkle\|sprinkle]] some of that on your [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]], it'll [[Friends-词汇总表#absorb\|absorb]] some of the [[Friends-词汇总表#moisture\|moisture]] and then you can get your pants back up.

**Ross:** Yeah, okay, hold on! *(He puts the phone down and proceeds to spread a large amount of powder on his legs and makes another attempt at pulling up his pants. It doesn't work, and without picking up the phone leans down to it.)* *(Almost in tears.)* They're not coming on man.

**Joey:** Umm, do you see any—oh, Vaseline?

**Ross:** Ohh, I-I see [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]], I have lotion! Will that work?

**Joey:** Yeah, sure, [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] some of that on there.

**Ross:** Hold on.

*(Ross proceeds to apply copious amounts of the lotion on his legs. He literally starts spraying the back of his legs with the lotion, and as he applies some to his butt he makes a happy face like he enjoyed that sensation. After using about half the bottle he again tries to pull up his pants, but at the first sign of resistance, his hand slips off of the pants and hits him in the forehead.)*

**Joey:** Ross? You okay?

**Ross:** They're still, they're still not coming on man and the [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]] and the [[Friends-词汇总表#powder\|powder]] have made a [[Friends-词汇总表#paste\|paste]]!

**Joey:** Really?! Uhh, what color is it?

**Ross:** What difference does that make?!

**Joey:** Well, I'm just—if the [[Friends-词汇总表#paste\|paste]] matches the pants, you can make yourself a [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] of paste pants and she won't know the difference!

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Joey, do you have a minute?

**Ross:** Dude, what am I gonna…

**Joey:** *(To Ross)* Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out. *(He hangs up the phone and strands Ross in the bathroom.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, Joey, I have such a problem!

**Joey:** Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay. Okay. Joey, I have got to tell you something!

**Joey:** What-what is it, what is it?

**Rachel:** Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.

**Joey:** Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!

**Rachel:** Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]!

**Joey:** I don't care, Rach! Look, I am [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] of being the guy who knows all the [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secrets]] but can't tell anyone!

**Rachel:** What? What [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secrets]]? You know secrets? What are they?

**Joey:** And you're not supposed to be [[Friends-词汇总表#gossip\|gossiping]]!!

**Rachel:** I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone… *(Joey in a childish attempt to not hear what Rachel is about to say, puts his fingers in his ears and starts to scream loudly. Rachel turns and walks out upon seeing that Joey's not gonna listen, and as she exits Chandler walks in and sees Joey in his current state.)*

**Joey:** I'm not listening to you!

*(Chandler seeing that Joey has his eyes closed sneaks over and picks up the chicken. The chicken starts flapping it's wings in protest as Chandler holds the chicken inches from Joey's face. Joey stops yelling and upon opening his eyes sees the chicken, screams, and falls to the ground in horror.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Elizabeth's apartment; Elizabeth is inquiring as to the delay in Ross's exit from her bathroom.

**Elizabeth:** Ross, umm, you've been in there for a long time. I'm starting to get kinda freaked out.

**Ross:** All right, I'm coming out. Hey, can you turn the lights off.

**Elizabeth:** No, let's just leave the lights on.

*(Ross opens the door and steps into the living room. He has fully removed his pants and holds them wrapped into a ball in front of his crotch. His legs are covered in the powder and lotion paste. He looks terrible.)*

**Elizabeth:** Oh my God!

**Ross:** I had a problem.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is there to apologize to Phoebe.

**Joey:** Hey, Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] ad in the Yellow Pages!

**Joey:** Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. *(After a short pause she hands him her guitar.)* You really think I'm ready?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh!

**Joey:** Wow! Cool! *(He takes the guitar, stands up, and goes to play a note. However, while strumming it, he knocks it out of his hands and it bounces off the table and lands on the floor. Phoebe just stares at the guitar.)*

**Joey:** *(sitting back down)* Was the [[Friends-词汇总表#chord\|chord]] at least right…

**Phoebe:** No!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is returning from his horrible trek back home without pants on. The whole gang is there.

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Monica:** We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.

**Ross:** This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!

**All:** No. No, you're not a [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]].

**Ross:** Look at me! *(Chandler squeaks in an attempt not to make fun of him.)*

**Monica:** Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|drew]] a picture of you! *(Shows him Ben's picture.)* Huh? You're-you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]]!

**Ross:** Oh, be-because of the leather pants.

**Monica:** See? Ben doesn't think you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]], he thinks you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]]! Now that's something.

*(All at once.)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Rachel:** That really is something; that's really cool.

**Joey:** Howdy partner!

**Ross:** Maybe I should get another [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]]! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with [[Friends-词汇总表#fringe\|fringe]] all down the sides. *(Chandler starts rubbing his temple again.)* I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight. *(He starts to head for Monica's bedroom.)* I can't believe he thinks I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]]. *(Pause.)* I would make a good [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]]. *(He struts into Monica's room.)*

**Monica:** Okay, now that everything's [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrapped]] up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]].

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]]. *(Smells it.)* Yep.

*(They both exit.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's [[Friends-词汇总表#bound\|bound]] to leave one of those [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|planes]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unattended\|unattended]].

**Rachel:** Good luck, honey!

**Phoebe:** Bye! *(She exits, leaving Rachel and Joey alone.)*

**Rachel:** Hey, uh, Joey?

**Joey:** Umm?

**Rachel:** Remember that big thing I was gonna tell you about?

**Joey:** Oh, no! *(Starts that screaming thing again. Rachel stops him by pulling his fingers out of his ears.)*

**Rachel:** I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?

**Joey:** Well, then it wouldn't be a [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]]. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!

**Rachel:** *(quietly)* Yeah. Well. *(Pause.)* Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] and get that book back that he [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] from me?

**Joey:** Now? You want me to go over there now?

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Do you know something?

**Rachel:** Do you know something?

**Joey:** I might know something.

**Rachel:** I might know something too.

**Joey:** What's the thing you know?

**Rachel:** Oh no, I can't tell you until you tell me what you know.

**Joey:** I can't tell you what I know.

**Rachel:** Well then I can't tell you what I know.

**Joey:** Okay, fine.

*(Silence ensues.)*

**Joey:** You don't know!

**Rachel:** All right, how about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know! *(Note: Kudos to Ms. Aniston on the delivery of that line. She said it very quickly and didn't screw up a word. Try it yourself, it ain't that easy.)*

**Joey:** *(gasps)* YOU KNOW!!!!

**Rachel:** AND YOU KNOW!!!

**Joey:** Yeah, I know!!!!

**Rachel:** Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]!! How long have you known?

**Joey:** Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen… *(Phoebe returns and interrupts them.)* Joey and Rachel: Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey! It's [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|raining]]. I don't want to [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] in the rain. So…

*(Pause.)*

**Joey:** Oh, I am going to go for a walk in the [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]].

**Rachel:** Ohhh, yeah, me too.

*(They both exit.)*

**Phoebe:** That's weird. *(Pause.)* I bet they're doing it. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe, Ross, and Monica are there.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! *(Hands him the 50 bucks he's about to owe him.)* Pheebs? Flying a [[Friends-词汇总表#jet\|jet]]? Better make it a [[Friends-词汇总表#spaceship\|spaceship]] so that you can get back to your home [[Friends-词汇总表#planet\|planet]]! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?! *(He sits down and sighs in relief.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（30）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 15 | 132 | 68 | *Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants?  Someone com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 11 | 219 | 100 | *We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 4 | 115 | 71 | *In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 4 | 258 | 141 | *No, I'm not questioning it, I'm saying it's stupid!  What?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 3 | 181 | 87 | *Well you gotta kiss someone, you can't kiss your sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 2 | 84 | 53 | *But your divorce isn't even final yet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *Okay, lesson one: chords. Now, I don't know the actual names of the chords but umm, I-I-I made up na* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants?  Someone com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, Chandler's not here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 2 | 116 | 69 | *Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 2 | 115 | 81 | *Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here!  Pheebs? Fl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Hornswoggle?  Ooh, this must be killing you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Okay, seriously, what do you think?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *You look like a freak.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Awful, absolutely awful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *"Baddest man in the whole damn town."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Bye!* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh, yeah, me too.* |

### 常用词（45）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]] | /'midnait/ | n. 午夜, 子夜, 半夜 | n. 12 o'clock at night; the middle of the night | 4 | 16 | 10 | *We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 3 | 51 | 39 | *Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] | /pєә/ | n. 一双, 一对, 一副 | n. a set of two similar things considered as a unit | 3 | 18 | 16 | *Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] | /'lɒ:ndri/ | n. 洗衣店, 洗好的衣服, 洗涤 | n. garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering | 3 | 32 | 12 | *I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 3 | 68 | 39 | *I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 3 | 32 | 24 | *This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leathe* |
| awww |  | n. 啊啊… |  | 2 | 25 | 23 | *Awww, man! Really?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 2 | 73 | 48 | *In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 2 | 63 | 47 | *Really? Who-who have you taught?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 2 | 37 | 33 | *No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] | /'lesn/ | n. 课, 课业, 教训 | n. a unit of instruction | 2 | 20 | 15 | *See ya! All right Pheebs, I am ready for my first lesson.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 40 | 34 | *Awful, absolutely awful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 2 | 53 | 40 | *Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]] | /'nikneim/ | n. 绰号, 昵称 | n. a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person's given n | 2 | 21 | 15 | *Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 2 | 58 | 39 | *No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 2 | 56 | 47 | *Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is unbelievable!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 2 | 64 | 45 | *Yeah. Well.  Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 2 | 21 | 18 | *Hey! It's raining. I don't want to fly in the rain. So…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] | /'ɒbviәs/ | a. 明显的, 明白的, 显然的, 平淡无奇的 | a. easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind | 1 | 20 | 17 | *It's so obvious, why doesn't he just ask?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 1 | 67 | 27 | *Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|wing]] | /wiŋ/ | n. 翅膀, 翼, 机翼, 派别 | n. a movable organ for flying (one of a pair) | 1 | 10 | 10 | *She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]] | /ri'zju:m/ | vt. 重新开始, 取回, 恢复 | v. take up or begin anew | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 1 | 27 | 18 | *Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 1 | 51 | 20 | *Okay, lesson one: chords. Now, I don't know the actual names of the chords but umm, I-I-I made up na* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] | /neil/ | n. 钉子, 指甲 | n. horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady!* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 1 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 1 | 23 | 19 | *That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *What, to blind my child?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *My God! These pants are burning up!   Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to ki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *No, go ahead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] | /sni:k/ | vi. 鬼鬼祟祟做事 | n. a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] | /spred/ | n. 传播, 散布, 伸展 | n. process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe as* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you!  Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 1 | 27 | 23 | *Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 1 | 38 | 28 | *Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty.  Yep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Yeah. Well.  Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he * |

### 低频词（47）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gossip\|gossip]] | /'gɒsip/ | n. 闲聊, 随笔, 流言, 爱讲闲话的人 | n. a report (often malicious) about the behavior of other people | 5 | 6 | 2 | *Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hornswoggle\|hornswoggle]] | /'hɒ:nswɒgl/ | vt. 骗, 瞒 | v deprive of by deceit | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Elizabeth Hornswoggle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#powder\|powder]] | /'paudә/ | n. 粉, 粉末, 火药 | n. a solid substance in the form of tiny loose particles; a solid that has been  | 4 | 5 | 2 | *Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]] | /'kaubɒi/ | n. 牛仔, 牛郎, 牧童 | n. a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback | 4 | 15 | 9 | *Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you!  Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chord\|chord]] | /kɒ:d/ | n. 弦, 和音 | n. a straight line connecting two points on a curve | 3 | 5 | 2 | *Okay, lesson one: chords. Now, I don't know the actual names of the chords but umm, I-I-I made up na* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]] | /'lәuʃәn/ | n. 洗液 | n. any of various cosmetic preparations that are applied to the skin | 3 | 12 | 6 | *Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paste\|paste]] | /peist/ | n. 面团, 面食, 浆糊, 糊状物, 粘贴, 用拳重击 | n. any mixture of a soft and malleable consistency | 3 | 3 | 1 | *They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jet\|jet]] | /dʒet/ | n. 喷射流, 喷嘴, 煤玉 | n. an airplane powered by one or more jet engines | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ted\|ted]] | /ted/ | vt. 翻晒 | n. a tough youth of 1950's and 1960's wearing Edwardian style clothes | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know ki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kopel\|kopel]] |  | [人名] 科佩尔 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know ki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#iceberg\|iceberg]] | /'aisbә:g/ | n. 冰山, 冷冰冰的人 | n. a large mass of ice floating at sea; usually broken off of a polar glacier | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Tiger!  Dragon! Iceberg!!  Joseph, did you even study at all last night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#limb\|limb]] | /lim/ | n. 四肢, 枝干, 翼, 边缘 | n. one of the jointed appendages of an animal used for locomotion or grasping: a | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pilot\|pilot]] | /'pailәt/ | n. 飞行员, 领航员, 航船者, 导向器, 驾驶仪, 向导, 领导人 | n. someone who is licensed to operate an aircraft in flight | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#planeload\|planeload]] | /'pleinlәjd/ | n. 飞机负载量 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plummet\|plummet]] | /'plʌmit/ | n. 测深锤, 铅坠 | v. drop sharply | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sprout\|sprout]] | /spraut/ | n. 芽, 萌芽 | n. any new growth of a plant such as a new branch or a bud | 1 | 4 | 2 | *She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of * |
| claire | /kleә/ | n. 克莱儿（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stapler\|stapler]] | /'steiplә/ | n. 主要物产商, 把羊毛分级的人, 订书机 | n. a machine that inserts staples into sheets of paper in order to fasten them t | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coworkers\|coworkers]] |  | (coworker 的复数) n. 共同工作的人, 同事, 合作者 | plural of coworker | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#botch\|botch]] | /bɒtʃ/ | v. 拙笨地修补, 糟蹋 | v. make a mess of, destroy or ruin | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#claw\|claw]] | /klɒ:/ | n. 爪, 螯, 抓伤 | n. sharp curved horny process on the toe of a bird or some mammals or reptiles | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Okay, lesson one: chords. Now, I don't know the actual names of the chords but umm, I-I-I made up na* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instruction\|instruction]] | /in'strʌkʃәn/ | n. 指令, 教导, 命令 | n. (computer science) a line of code written as part of a computer program | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amuse\|amuse]] | /ә'mju:z/ | vt. 消遣, 娱乐, 使发笑 | v. occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion | 1 | 6 | 6 | *What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#auntie\|auntie]] | /'ɑ:nti/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Auntie Monica!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snuggle\|snuggle]] | /'snʌgl/ | vi. 偎依 | n a close and affectionate (and often prolonged) embrace | 1 | 2 | 2 | *My God! These pants are burning up!   Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to ki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#volcano\|volcano]] | /vɒl'keinәu/ | n. 火山 | n. a mountain formed by volcanic material | 1 | 3 | 3 | *My God! These pants are burning up!   Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to ki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiger\|tiger]] | /'taigә/ | n. 老虎, 虎, 凶暴的人 | n. a fierce or audacious person | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Tiger!  Dragon! Iceberg!!  Joseph, did you even study at all last night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dragon\|dragon]] | /'drægәn/ | n. 龙, 凶暴的人 | n. a creature of Teutonic mythology; usually represented as breathing fire and h | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Tiger!  Dragon! Iceberg!!  Joseph, did you even study at all last night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joseph\|joseph]] | /'dʒәuzif/ | n. 约瑟夫（男子名）；约瑟（圣经中雅各的第十一子） | n. leader of the Nez Perce in their retreat from United States troops (1840-1904 | 1 | 27 | 9 | *Tiger!  Dragon! Iceberg!!  Joseph, did you even study at all last night?* |
| andy | /'ændi/ | n. 安迪（男子名, 等于Andrew） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooper\|cooper]] | /'ku:pә/ | n. 制桶工人 | n. United States industrialist who built the first American locomotive; founded  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#qualify\|qualify]] | /'kwɒlifai/ | vi. 取得资格, 有资格 | v. prove capable or fit; meet requirements | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instructor\|instructor]] | /in'strʌktә/ | n. 教员, 讲师 | n a person whose occupation is teaching | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick * |
| leroy | /'lerɔi/ | n. 勒罗伊（男子名） |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baddest\|baddest]] | /'bædəst/ | a. 最坏的 |  | 1 | 4 | 3 | *"Baddest man in the whole damn town."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shrink\|shrink]] | /ʃriŋk/ | n. 收缩, 萎缩, 回避 | v. reduce in size; reduce physically | 1 | 7 | 6 | *No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expand\|expand]] | /ik'spænd/ | vt. 使膨胀, 详述, 扩张 | v. extend in one or more directions | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sprinkle\|sprinkle]] | /'spriŋkl/ | vt. 洒, 散置, 撒, 点缀 | n. the act of sprinkling or splashing water | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absorb\|absorb]] | /әb'sɒ:b/ | vt. 吸收, 使全神贯注, 同化, 买进, 理解, 承受, 忍受, 承担 | v. become imbued | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moisture\|moisture]] | /'mɒistʃә/ | n. 湿气, 水分, 降雨 | n. wetness caused by water | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vaseline\|vaseline]] | /'væsili:n/ | n. 凡士林 | n. a trademarked brand of petroleum jelly | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Umm, do you see any—oh, Vaseline?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#howdy\|howdy]] | /'haudi/ | int. 您好(招呼用语) | n an expression of greeting | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Howdy partner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fringe\|fringe]] | /frindʒ/ | n. 边缘, 端, 流苏, 穗, 初步 | n. one of the light or dark bands produced by the interference and diffraction o | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides.  I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bind\|bind]] | /baind/ | vt. 绑, 约束, 装订, 包扎, 使结合 | n. something that hinders as if with bonds | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unattended\|unattended]] | /.ʌnә'tendid/ | a. 无人出席的, 无随员的, 无侍从的, 无伴的, 未被注意的 | s. not watched | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spaceship\|spaceship]] | /'speisʃip/ | n. 宇宙飞船 | n a spacecraft designed to carry a crew into interstellar space (especially in s | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here!  Pheebs? Fl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#planet\|planet]] | /'plænit/ | n. 行星, 命运星辰, 杰出的人, 重大影响的事 | n. (astronomy) any of the nine large celestial bodies in the solar system that r | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here!  Pheebs? Fl* |
