---
season: 5
episode: "16"
title: "The One With A Cop"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E16 — The One With A Cop

*Story by: Alicia Sky Varinaitis*

*Teleplay by: Gigi McCreery & Perry Rein*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Monica and Chandler are sitting on one of the chairs doing a crossword puzzle.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Joey:** What are you guys doing up?

**Chandler:** Oh, we wanted to finish the [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?

**Joey:** *(thinks)* Dark red.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. *(To Monica)* Hey, how about [[Friends-词汇总表#maroon\|maroon]]?

**Monica:** *(checks to see if it works)* Yes, you are so smart! *(Kisses him.)*

**Joey:** Aww, you guys are so cute!

**Monica:** I know.

**Joey:** All right, I'll see you in the morning. Chandler and Monica: Okay.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's bedroom, time lapse. He's asleep and dreaming. In his dream he's doing the crossword puzzle with…wait for it…Monica!

**Dream Monica:** Y'know, I love doing crossword puzzles with you honey!

**Dream Joey:** Aww, me too. Now let's finish this and go to bed.

**Dream Monica:** Okay! There's only one left, three letter word, not dog but…

**Dream Joey:** Cat.

**Dream Monica:** Yes! You are so smart! *(Kisses him.)* I love you.

**Dream Joey:** I love you too.

*(They hug.)*


> [!scene] Cut back to Joey in bed, he's smiling, enjoying the dream as he wakes up. Suddenly, he realized what he was dreaming about and bolts upright in bed.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there but Ross and Joey. Gunther hands them the bill, and Chandler gives some money to pay it.

**Rachel:** *(looking at the bill)* Uhh, we still need a [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]].

**Phoebe:** All right. Hold on. *(She starts digging in the chair.)* I got it. Nickel!

*(Donates it.) How much more do we need?*

**Rachel:** A couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Phoebe:** Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#dime\|dime]]! *(Donates that.)* You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. *(Finds something else.)* Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! *(Looks at it.)* Oh my God, this is a police [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]]!

**Monica:** Wow!

**Chandler:** Oh that's so cool! Why would a [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] come in here though? They don't serve [[Friends-词汇总表#donut\|donuts]]. *(No one laughs.)* Y'know what actually, could you [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discover]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]] again? I think I can come up with something better than that.

**Rachel:** Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]], so this could be her year! *(She crosses her fingers in hope.)*

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey, you guys!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey Joey!

**Monica:** Hey.

**Joey:** *(To Monica)* Hey. That uh, that my [[Friends-词汇总表#sweatshirt\|sweatshirt]]?

**Monica:** Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] it, I was cold. I hope its okay?

**Joey:** Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's [[Friends-词汇总表#sweatshirt\|sweatshirt]] shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I’m not him.

**Monica:** I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you.

**Joey:** No-no! No! I mean it's gonna be all smelling like Monica!

**Monica:** Are you saying I smell bad?

**Joey:** No! No, you smell like a [[Friends-词汇总表#meadow\|meadow]]. *(Pause.)* I'm sorry. *(Runs to the bathroom.)*

**Monica:** What's with him?

**Chandler:** Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a [[Friends-词汇总表#meadow\|meadow]], his mother was [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] by a [[Friends-词汇总表#hunter\|hunter]].


> [!scene] Scene: A couch store, Ross is trying to decide on a new couch for his place. He has dragged Rachel along for the trip, and she's not too happy about it. Ross is sitting on it in different ways to see how it feels. He tries to just sit on it normally, and then he tries flopping on it. One thing about this couch, it's huge. It's like twice the size of a normal full size couch. Whoever designed this thing, needs help and fast.

**Rachel:** *(disgusted at Ross's antics)* Ugh!

**Ross:** *(To Rachel)* Yeah, I still don't know. *(To the salesman who is hovering nearby)* I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says, *(In a sexy voice)* "Come here to me!"

**Rachel:** What?! You say that to kids?!!

**Ross:** No! No! No! The "Come here to me" is y'know for the ladies.

**Rachel:** Ross, honey, it's a nice [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. It's not a magic couch.

**The Salesman:** You picked a great couch.

**Ross:** Yeah?

**The Salesman:** Yeah. Could you just sign right here please? *(Hands him a clipboard.)*

**Ross:** Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]!

**Rachel:** Wait! No, that's [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]. Come on, he lives three blocks away!

**Ross:** Yeah, y'know what? I'll take it myself, thank you! *(He signs the form and hands it back to the salesman.)* All right Rach, let's go! *(He picks up one end of the couch.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah! *(She puts on her coat and turns around and sees Ross is expecting her to help.)* *(Laughing.)* Are you kiddin'?

**Ross:** Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on!

**Rachel:** *(Disgustedly she goes and tries to pick up the couch. Much to her amazement, she is successful.)* Oh. Oh! I can do it!

**Ross:** Yeah!

**The Salesman:** You two are really gonna enjoy that couch.

**Ross:** Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together. *(He starts backing out of the store.)*

**The Salesman:** Ohh, okay. *(Laughs.)* Something didn't quite add up there. *(Ross stops, walks back to talk to the salesman, and in the process pushes Rachel up against a wall.)*

**Rachel:** Ross!

**Ross:** What's that supposed to mean?

**Rachel:** Ross!

**The Salesman:** Well you, her, I mean, she's very…y'know. And you're like…y'know.

**Ross:** Not that it's any of your business, but we did go out.

**The Salesman:** Really? You two?

**Ross:** Yeah! Rach?

**Rachel:** Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]].

**Ross:** Then tell him quickly.

**Rachel:** *(To Ross)* Fine! *(To the salesman)* We went out.

**Ross:** Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times!

**Rachel:** Ross!! Oh my--ugh!! You kept count?! You are such a [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]]!

**Ross:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] you did it with *(To the salesman)* 298 times!

*(Rachel pushes on the couch and pushes Ross out the door.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Outside of Central Perk, Phoebe is exiting and sees a woman put out her cigarette on a tree.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am?

**The Smoking Woman:** Yes?

**Phoebe:** You can't put your [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] out on a tree!

**The Smoking Woman:** Yeah I can, it worked real well.

**Phoebe:** No but you shouldn't! Don't ever do that again.

**The Smoking Woman:** I won't! *(Turns away)* Until I have my next cigarette.

**Phoebe:** Hold it! *(Grabs the badge)* N.Y.P.D! Freeze [[Friends-词汇总表#punk\|punk]]!

**The Smoking Woman:** What?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah that's right you are so [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|busted]]. *(To no one in particular.)* Book 'em.

**The Smoking Woman:** Who are you talking too?

**Phoebe:** Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the [[Friends-词汇总表#slammer\|slammer]], you [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] to the tree.

**The Smoking Woman:** I am not going to apologize to a tree!

**Phoebe:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] to the tree right now or I am calling for [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]]. *(The woman calls her bluff.)* *(Screaming at no one in particular)* Backup! Backup!!

**The Smoking Woman:** I-I'm sorry! Sorry.

**Phoebe:** Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]]! Cancel backup!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's building's lobby, he and Rachel are about to attempt to take the couch upstairs.

**Ross:** Okay. *(Throws off the last cushion.)*

**Rachel:** Ross, didn't you say that there was an [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] in here?

**Ross:** Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go.

*(They start the attempt. Ross is going backwards and reaches the first landing. This staircase has three steps then a landing, makes a 90-degree turn, and has more steps before another landing and another 90-degree turn.)*

**Ross:** Okay, go left. Left! Left! *(The bottom of the couch is hitting the railing.)*

**Rachel:** Okay, y'know what? There is no more left, left!

**Ross:** Oh okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do it! *(She gets it lifted up and they make the first turn.)* Okay. You got it?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Good-good-good.

**Rachel:** Oh-oh!

*(She can't stay at the end as the couch rounds the turn so she shifts to the back corner of the couch and is at a 90-degree angle to it.)*

**Ross:** Yeah, you got it right? You got it right? You got it?

*(She don't got it as the couch slips out of their grips and falls over the bottom railing.)*

**Rachel:** Any chance you think the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] looks good there?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Phoebe is telling Chandler and Monica how she fought crime in her own way with the badge she found.

**Phoebe:** …so this guy was all *(Mumbles.)* And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide.

*(Flashes the badge.) It was just so cool!*

**Monica:** *(cooking something)* Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back!

**Phoebe:** I know but I'm having so much fun doing good [[Friends-词汇总表#deed\|deeds]].

**Chandler:** Okay, but [[Friends-词汇总表#impersonate\|impersonating]] a police officer is a serious thing. You could get [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrested]].

**Phoebe:** You could get [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrested]], right now! *(Flashes the badge and they glare at her.)* All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power. *(She heads for the door just as Joey enters.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Joey)* Hey.

**Joey:** *(To Phoebe)* Hey! *(Sees that Monica's there.)* Oh.

**Chandler:** Hi, Joe.

**Joey:** Yeah, I didn’t know you guys were going to be here.

**Monica:** Hey Joey, sweetie, [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] this. *(Holds out a spoon for him.)*

**Joey:** *(backing away)* What?! Why?!

**Monica:** What is going on with you?

**Joey:** Nothing!

**Chandler:** Oh, come on! You've been acting [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] all day!

**Joey:** All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, *(pause)* but I don't want to talk about it. *(Starts for his room.)*

**Chandler:** Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? *(Imitating what his famous speech would sound like.)* I kinda have a dream! I don’t want to talk about it.

**Joey:** Well, it [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]] Monica.

**Chandler:** You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool!

*(To Monica) I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing.*

*(Seeing Monica's stare.) (To Joey) Anyway we're talking about your dream. (To Monica) I love you. (To Joey) Your dream? (Leans in to listen closely.)*

**Joey:** Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.

**Monica:** What was the dream about?

**Joey:** Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzle]]. Y'know like you guys were doing last night. So, that's it. I'm in love with Monica and I'll be moving out.

**Monica:** Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn’t mean that-that you're in love with me!

**Joey:** It-it doesn’t?

**Monica:** No!

**Chandler:** No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] you're [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] because I've become the apartment [[Friends-词汇总表#stud\|stud]].

**Joey:** That kinda sounds like your dream dude.

**Monica:** Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.

**Joey:** In the dream I did enjoy the [[Friends-词汇总表#closeness\|closeness]].

**Monica:** Um-hmm.

**Chandler:** Joey, look, are you [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attracted]] to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?

**Joey:** *(looks at her)* Not really.

**Chandler:** Well there you have it!

**Monica:** Well sure! I'm just wearing [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweats]]! *(Looking at Chandler and slowly realizing what his point is.)* But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!

**Joey:** No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crosswords]], but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the [[Friends-词汇总表#closeness\|closeness]] like-like you guys have?

**Chandler:** Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?

**Joey:** Friends first? That's interesting.

**Monica:** You become friends after?

**Joey:** No, never done that either.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey, umm, do you guys have that [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] measure?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, it's actually in my [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]].

*(Monica and Chandler both remember a special moment between them.)*

**Monica:** *(laughing)* That's right.

*(They realize the implication of their behavior, stop instantly and head for his bedroom. In the meanwhile, Joey is starring at Rachel in a seductive way.)*

**Rachel:** *(noticing him)* What's up Joey?

**Joey:** *(in a sexy voice)* How you doin'?

*(Rachel is stunned.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Central Perk, Phoebe is walking up and notices a car that is parked half on the curb and right in front of the door, making it difficult for people to enter Central Perk.

**Phoebe:** Excuse me, is this your car?

**Guy:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the [[Friends-词汇总表#entrance\|entrance]].

**Guy:** Don't worry about it. It's not a problem.

**Phoebe:** Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]]. *(Shows the badge.)*

**Guy:** *(he reaches into the car and slams his siren on the roof.)* So am I!

**Phoebe:** Ohh, no. *(Pause)* Oh okay, so you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] which means you can park [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]], 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4. *(Tries to leave.)*

**Cop:** *(stopping her)* Hey, wait a second! So wait, what [[Friends-词汇总表#precinct\|precinct]] are you with?

**Phoebe:** I-I'm with the umm, the 57th.

**Cop:** Oh, I know a guy in [[Friends-词汇总表#homicide\|homicide]] up there.

**Phoebe:** I'm in vice. Yeah, in fact I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#undercover\|undercover]] right now. I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#whore\|whore]].

**Cop:** Who-who else is in vice up there?

**Phoebe:** Umm, do you know, umm Sipowicz?

**Cop:** Sipowicz? No, I don't think so.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, big guy, kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]].

**Cop:** No, I don't know him.

**Phoebe:** *(starts to walk away, but stops)* Don’t try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.

**Cop:** Wow umm, tell Sipowicz I'm real sorry for his loss.

**Phoebe:** I-I sure will, take care. *(Starts walking off.)*

**Cop:** *(following her)* Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is really good. *(Phoebe's stunned)* And where did you find my [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]]?

**Phoebe:** Oh. *(She starts laughing. Then she throws the badge at him and runs away.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is entering. Rachel is there getting some tools to help Ross out.

**Rachel:** Hey! Joey, would you mind giving me and Ross a hand moving his [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]?

**Joey:** Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, *(In a sexy voice)* for you.

*(He starts staring at her longingly.)*

**Rachel:** Thanks!

**Joey:** Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]].

**Rachel:** I know.

**Joey:** Yeah that's not such a bad situation they got going over there. I'm thinking of getting me one of those.

**Rachel:** What's up Joe?

**Joey:** Well, the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great…

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Joey:** …is because they were friends first. Y'know? So I asked myself, "Who are my friends?" You and Phoebe, and I saw you first. So…

**Rachel:** *(laughing)* What are you saying?

**Joey:** I'm saying maybe you and I [[Friends-词汇总表#crank\|crank]] it up a [[Friends-词汇总表#notch\|notch]].

**Rachel:** Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flattered]] as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be [[Friends-词汇总表#crank\|cranking]] anything up.

**Joey:** I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] you real nice. *(Pulls out a chair for her.)*

**Rachel:** *(laughs and pushes the chair back in)* Yeah, well, y'know umm… No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your [[Friends-词汇总表#exist\|existing]] friends!

**Joey:** Won't-won't that take longer?

**Rachel:** Yeah. Yeah. Oh, but once you find it, ohh it's so worth the wait.

**Joey:** Yeah. I understand. I understand. *(Pause)* Man, I wish I saw Phoebe first!


> [!scene] Scene: The lobby of Ross's building, he's sitting on the couch at the bottom of the stairs, and he's practicing enticing women to join him on the couch.

**Ross:** Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey Ross! I brought [[Friends-词汇总表#reinforcement\|reinforcements]].

**Ross:** Oh great! What, you brought Joey?

**Rachel:** Well, I brought the next best thing.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Ross:** Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica!

**Chandler:** Y'know, I would be [[Friends-词汇总表#offend\|offended]], but Monica is [[Friends-词汇总表#freakishly\|freakishly]] strong, so…

**Ross:** Look, I-I [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|drew]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#sketch\|sketch]] about how we're gonna do it. *(Showing them)* Okay Rach, *(points to the sketch)* that's you. That's the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. *(Points again.)*

**Rachel:** Whoa-oh, what's-what's that? *(Points.)*

**Ross:** Oh, that's me.

**Rachel:** Wow! You [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] think a lot of yourself.

**Ross:** No! That's-that's my [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]]!

**Chandler:** *(looking at the sketch)* Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]].

**Ross:** Y'know what? Just-just follow my lead.

*(Chandler and Ross head for opposite ends of the couch.)*

**Rachel:** Okay!

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Ross:** Come on, Chandler.

*(They pick up the couch and after throwing off the last pillow; Rachel helps out on Chandler's end.)*

**Ross:** All right. *(They start up the stairs. Ross is first.)* Okay, here we go!

*(Chandler has moved forward and is now underneath the couch as it heads up the first set of stairs.)*

**Ross:** All right, ready?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Turn.

**Chandler:** *(straining)* Okay.

**Ross:** Turn! Turn!

*(As they turn the couch, Chandler gets sandwiched between the railing and the couch.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!

**Rachel:** Ross, I don't, I just don't think it's going to fit.

**Ross:** Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot! *(They start up the stairs again. Chandler is between the couch and the wall now.)* Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et!

**Chandler:** Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!

*(They set the couch down.)*

**Ross:** Okay, I don't think it's going to [[Friends-词汇总表#pivot\|pivot]] anymore. Chandler and Rachel: You think?!

**Ross:** All right, let's uh, let's bring it back down and-and try again.

*(As they start back down the couch drops a little bit and gets jammed. They try to free it to no avail.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.

**Ross:** I can't believe that didn't work!

**Rachel:** I know, me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]]! I mean, you had a [[Friends-词汇总表#sketch\|sketch]]!

**Chandler:** Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said [[Friends-词汇总表#pivot\|pivot]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is returning and finds Chandler, Monica, and Rachel are there.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey! How's it going? Did you make any new friends?

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah, I met this woman. *(Starts for his room.)*

**Chandler:** *(stopping him)* Hey, whoa-whoa! What's she like?

**Joey:** Uhh, well, she's…really good in bed.

**Monica:** Joey, I thought you were gonna try to be friends first!

**Joey:** *(To Rachel)* Well look, hey, it's all your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]!

**Rachel:** What?! Why?!

**Joey:** Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a [[Friends-词汇总表#pickup\|pickup]] line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]], through no [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] of my own, became [[Friends-词汇总表#irresistible\|irresistible]] to her! *(Pause)* And her [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]!

**Monica:** What about the [[Friends-词汇总表#closeness\|closeness]]?

**Joey:** Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is entering with a pizza and finds everyone but Ross there.

**Joey:** *(entering)* All right! Hey, who wants [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]?!

**Chandler:** Ooh, I do! I do! I do!

*(They all walk over to get a slice.)*

**Joey:** *(taking a bite)* Oh, great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor?

*(They all throw their pieces back as there is a knock on the door.)*

**Monica:** Who is it?

**Voice:** N.Y.P.D!! Phoebe and Joey: Oh my God!

**Joey:** Uhh, just a minute officer!!

*(He throws his piece back in the box, runs into the living room, looks for a place to hide the pizza, finds one, slides the box under the couch, sits down on the table, and tries to quickly chew the food in his mouth.)*

**Cop:** I'm looking for Phoebe Buffay!

**Phoebe:** Ooh, God, it's him! It's that [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]]! God, I can't believe it! He found me!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, Phoebe, are you gonna go to [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]]?!

**Phoebe:** Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you *(Points at all of them)* with me.

*(They all look at her.) Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. (She opens the door to the cop from before.) Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!*

**Cop:** Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?

**Phoebe:** Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]]. A fool!

**Cop:** I don't like looking [[Friends-词汇总表#foolish\|foolish]]. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrest]] you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.

**Phoebe:** I would love it if I weren't here!

**Cop:** Okay, so since umm, you're not going to [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]] tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me?

**Phoebe:** Me?!

**Cop:** Yeah. Ever since you flashed my [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]] at me, I kinda can't stop thinking about you. You're the [[Friends-词汇总表#prettiest\|prettiest]], [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] [[Friends-词汇总表#undercover\|undercover]] [[Friends-词汇总表#whore\|whore]] I've ever seen. Chandler and Joey: Nice!

**Phoebe:** Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out!

**Cop:** Yeah. I mean, I [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] done it better, but these people keep staring at me.

**Phoebe:** Umm, yeah, I'd like to go out with you officer…

**Cop:** Gary.

**Phoebe:** Gary.

**Gary:** Okay, so it's a date.

**Phoebe:** Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?

**Gary:** Well you're [[Friends-词汇总表#fingerprint\|fingerprints]] were all over my [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]] so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, [[Friends-词汇总表#impressive\|impressive]].

**Gary:** Not as [[Friends-词汇总表#impressive\|impressive]] as you. I gotta tell you, I looked at your record and you've done some pretty weird stuff.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, we'll talk at dinner.

**Gary:** Okay. *(He starts to leave.)* So I'll come by in a couple hours and pick you up?

**Phoebe:** All right, I can't wait!

**Gary:** Okay. And don't worry, I'm not just gonna take you out for [[Friends-词汇总表#donut\|donuts]].

*(Chandler busts out laughing and everyone just looks at him.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Rachel)* He has a [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]]!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The couch store, Ross is talking to a saleswoman.

**Ross:** I'd like to return this [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfied]] with it.


> [!scene] The camera cuts to show the couch, which has been cut in half.

**The Saleswoman:** You wanna return this couch? *(Ross nods yes.)* It's cut in half!

**Ross:** That's what I'm telling you.

**The Saleswoman:** Did you cut this couch in half?

**Ross:** This [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]], is cut in half! I would like to exchange it for one that is not cut in half!

**The Saleswoman:** You're telling me this couch was delivered to you like this?!

**Ross:** Look, I am a [[Friends-词汇总表#reasonable\|reasonable]] man. I will accept store credit.

**The Saleswoman:** I'll give you store credit in the amount of four dollars.

**Ross:** *(thinks)* I take it.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（27）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 5 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, we still need a tip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 4 | 92 | 55 | *Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 3 | 169 | 121 | *Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *Are you saying I smell bad?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *What's that supposed to mean?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Aww, you guys are so cute!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *No! No! No! The "Come here to me" is y'know for the ladies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *You could get arrested, right now!  All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with po* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *You could get arrested, right now!  All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with po* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartmen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlf* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *How you doin'?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is real* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off,  for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off,  for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Not as impressive as you. I gotta tell you, I looked at your record and you've done some pretty weir* |

### 常用词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 12 | 75 | 47 | *Yeah, I still don't know.  I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] | /kɒp/ | n. 警官 | n uncomplimentary terms for a policeman | 5 | 20 | 13 | *Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts.  Y'know what actual* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 2 | 32 | 24 | *Ross!! Oh my--ugh!! You kept count?! You are such a loser!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 2 | 40 | 29 | *Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 2 | 30 | 24 | *Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 2 | 49 | 29 | *…so this guy was all  And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attract]] | /ә'trækt/ | vt. 吸引, 诱惑 | v. direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physi | 2 | 19 | 13 | *Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 2 | 81 | 49 | *Well look, hey, it's all your fault!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 2 | 31 | 22 | *Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, you guys are so cute!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Uhh, we still need a tip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *A couple of bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discover]] | /dis'kʌvә/ | vt. 发现, 找到, 暴露 | v. make a discovery, make a new finding | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts.  Y'know what actual* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] | /.sigә'ret/ | n. 香烟, 纸烟 | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | 1 | 27 | 16 | *You can't put your cigarette out on a tree!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freeze]] | /fri:z/ | vi. 冻结, 冷冻, 僵硬, 楞住 | n. the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Hold it!  N.Y.P.D! Freeze punk!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Ross, didn't you say that there was an elevator in here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] | /lift/ | n. 举起, 帮助, 昂扬, 电梯 | n. the act of giving temporary assistance | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Oh okay, lift it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] | /streindʒ/ | a. 奇怪的, 陌生的, 生疏的, 不熟悉的, 不可思议的, 外行的, 外地的, 异乡的 | a. being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a b | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartmen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartmen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats!  But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you ju* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 1 | 79 | 28 | *Hey, umm, do you guys have that tape measure?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Oh yeah, it's actually in my bedroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Ohh, no.  Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]] | /bɒ:ld/ | a. 秃头的, 光秃的, 单调的, 赤裸的 | v. grow bald; lose hair on one's head | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Yeah, big guy, kinda bald.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] | /spu:n/ | n. 匙, 调羹, 匙形工具 | n. a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is real* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *I'll treat you real nice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it.  Okay Rach,  that's you. That's the couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *Wow! You certainly think a lot of yourself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *No! That's-that's my arm!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *I know, me neither! I mean, you had a sketch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] | /'sʌdәnli/ | adv. 突然, 意外, 忽然, 迅速, 即席作成, 即刻, 急速 | r. happening unexpectedly | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wante* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wante* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *All right! Hey, who wants pizza?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Yeah. Ever since you flashed my badge at me, I kinda can't stop thinking about you. You're the prett* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] | /gʌn/ | n. 枪 | n. a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal  | 1 | 22 | 16 | *He has a gun!* |

### 低频词（49）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#badge\|badge]] | /bædʒ/ | n. 徽章, 标记 | n. an emblem (a small piece of plastic or cloth or metal) that signifies your st | 6 | 11 | 5 | *Okay, dime!  You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while.  Oh no, wait! Look it! * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]] | /'bækʌp/ | n. 倒车, 后退, 后援, 支持, 阻塞 | n. an accumulation caused by clogging or a stoppage | 5 | 18 | 7 | *You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup.   Backup! Backup!!* |
| sipowicz |  | [网络] 西波维茨 |  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Umm, do you know, umm Sipowicz?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pivot\|pivot]] | /'pivәt/ | n. 枢轴, 支点, 旋转运动, 中枢, 关键人物 | n. the person in a rank around whom the others wheel and maneuver | 4 | 8 | 2 | *Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot!  Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closeness\|closeness]] | /'klәusnis/ | [建] 密闭, 紧密 | n. a feeling of being intimate and belonging together | 3 | 4 | 2 | *In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] | /'krɔswә:d/ | n. 纵横填字游戏, 纵横填字字谜 | n a puzzle in which words corresponding to numbered clues are to be found and wr | 2 | 9 | 6 | *Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donut\|donut]] | /'dәu,nʌt/ | [医] 电子回旋加速器环状真空室, 同步加速器环状真空室 | n a small ring-shaped friedcake | 2 | 9 | 6 | *Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts.  Y'know what actual* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweatshirt\|sweatshirt]] |  | n. 园领长袖运动衫 | n. cotton knit pullover with long sleeves worn during athletic activity | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Hey. That uh, that my sweatshirt?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meadow\|meadow]] | /'medәu/ | n. 草地, 牧场 | n a field where grass or alfalfa are grown to be made into hay | 2 | 4 | 3 | *No! No, you smell like a meadow.  I'm sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homicide\|homicide]] | /'hɒmisaid/ | n. 杀人, 杀人者 | n. the killing of a human being by another human being | 2 | 2 | 1 | *…so this guy was all  And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrest]] | /ә'rest/ | n. 逮捕, 监禁 | n. the state of inactivity following an interruption | 2 | 8 | 7 | *Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#undercover\|undercover]] | /.ʌndә'kʌvә/ | a. 秘密从事的, 秘密的, 从事间谍活动的 | s conducted with or marked by hidden aims or methods | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I'm in vice. Yeah, in fact I'm undercover right now. I'm a whore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whore\|whore]] | /hɒ:/ | n. 娼妓 | v. work as a prostitute | 2 | 10 | 6 | *I'm in vice. Yeah, in fact I'm undercover right now. I'm a whore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sketch\|sketch]] | /sketʃ/ | n. 素描, 草图, 小品 | n. preliminary drawing for later elaboration | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it.  Okay Rach,  that's you. That's the couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]] | /dʒeil/ | n. 监牢, 监狱, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custo | 2 | 10 | 7 | *Oh my God, Phoebe, are you gonna go to jail?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gary\|gary]] | /'^eәri/ | n. 盖理 | n. a city in northwest Indiana on Lake Michigan; steel production | 2 | 24 | 8 | *Gary.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impressive\|impressive]] | /im'presiv/ | a. 给人深刻印象的, 威严的 | a. making a strong or vivid impression | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Ohh, impressive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dot\|dot]] | /dɒt/ | n. 点, 圆点, 小数点, 小东西, 嫁妆 | n. the shorter of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later.  Hey, how about ma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maroon\|maroon]] | /mә'ru:n/ | n. 逃亡黑人奴隶, 褐紫红色, 爆竹 | n. a person who is stranded (as on an island) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later.  Hey, how about ma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nickel\|nickel]] | /'nikl/ | n. 镍, 镍币, 五分镍币 | n. a hard malleable ductile silvery metallic element that is resistant to corros | 1 | 5 | 5 | *All right. Hold on.  I got it. Nickel!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dime\|dime]] | /daim/ | n. 10分硬币(美、加) | n. a United States coin worth one tenth of a dollar | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, dime!  You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while.  Oh no, wait! Look it! * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fritzy\|fritzy]] |  | n. 弗丽齐 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I cou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunter\|hunter]] | /'hʌntә/ | n. 猎人, 猎犬, 追求者 | n. someone who hunts game | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.* |
| kiddin |  | [网络] 七彩汤圆 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Yeah!   Are you kiddin'?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punk\|punk]] | /pʌnk/ | n. 废物, 小阿飞 | n. substance that smolders when ignited; used to light fuses (especially firewor | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Hold it!  N.Y.P.D! Freeze punk!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|bust]] | /bʌst/ | n. 半身像, 胸部, 失败, 殴打 | n. a sculpture of the head and shoulders of a person | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Yeah that's right you are so busted.  Book 'em.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slammer\|slammer]] | /'slæmә/ | [法] 监狱 | n. a person who closes things violently | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deed\|deed]] | /di:d/ | n. 行为, 实行, 契约 | n. a legal document signed and sealed and delivered to effect a transfer of prop | 1 | 8 | 2 | *I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impersonate\|impersonate]] | /im'pә:sәneit/ | vt. 模仿, 扮演, 体现, 使人格化 | v. assume or act the character of | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luther\|luther]] | /'lu:θә/ | n. 卢瑟（男子名） | n. German theologian who led the Reformation; believed that salvation is granted | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that?  I kinda have a dream! I don* |
| ish |  | abbr. 国际高血压联盟（International Society of Hypertension）；单纯收缩期高血 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzle]] | /'pʌzl/ | n. 难题, 迷惑 | n. a particularly baffling problem that is said to have a correct solution | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stud\|stud]] | /stʌd/ | n. 装饰钮扣, 大头钉, 领扣, 种马 | n. a man who is virile and sexually active | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartmen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#entrance\|entrance]] | /'entrәns/ | n. 入口, 进入点, 入场, 入学, 进入, 开始(阶段), 就任 | n. something that provides access (to get in or get out) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#precinct\|precinct]] | /'pri:siŋkt/ | n. 区域, 管理区, 管辖区域 | n. a district of a city or town marked out for administrative purposes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, wait a second! So wait, what precinct are you with?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crank\|crank]] | /kræŋk/ | a. 不稳的, 脾气暴燥的, 易怒的 | n. a hand tool consisting of a rotating shaft with parallel handle | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#notch\|notch]] | /nɒtʃ/ | n. 刻痕, 等级, 峡谷 | n. a V-shaped indentation | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flatter]] | /'flætә/ | vt. 奉承, 阿谀, 使高兴 | v. praise somewhat dishonestly | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reinforcement\|reinforcement]] | /.ri:in'fɒ:smәnt/ | n. 加强, 增援, 补充, 援军, 加固物 | n. information that makes more forcible or convincing | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey Ross! I brought reinforcements.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offend\|offend]] | /ә'fend/ | v. 犯罪, 冒犯, 违反, 进攻 | v cause to feel resentment or indignation | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freakishly\|freakishly]] | /'fri:kiʃli/ | adv. 反常地；见异思迁地 | r unpredictably | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pickup\|pickup]] | /'pikʌp/ | n. 拾起, 加速, 刺激, 猎物的收集, 好转, 恢复健康, 搭车者, 兴奋剂, 电视摄像 | n. a light truck with an open body and low sides and a tailboard | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wante* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irresistible\|irresistible]] | /.iri'zistәbl/ | a. 不可抵抗的, 不能压制的 | a. impossible to resist; overpowering | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wante* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foolish\|foolish]] | /'fu:liʃ/ | a. 愚蠢的, 傻的 | a. devoid of good sense or judgment | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prettiest\|prettiest]] | /p'rɪtɪɪst/ | adv. 极美（pretty的最高级） | s pleasing by delicacy or grace; not imposing | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah. Ever since you flashed my badge at me, I kinda can't stop thinking about you. You're the prett* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] | /'kjdә/ | <口> = could have |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Yeah. I mean, I coulda done it better, but these people keep staring at me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fingerprint\|fingerprint]] | /'fiŋgәprint/ | n. 指纹 | n. a print made by an impression of the ridges in the skin of a finger; often us | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfy]] | /'sætisfai/ | vt. 使满意, 满足, 符合, 使确信, 赔偿 | v. meet the requirements or expectations of | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I'd like to return this couch. I'm not satisfied with it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reasonable\|reasonable]] | /'ri:znәbl/ | a. 合理的, 明理的, 适当的 | a. showing reason or sound judgment | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Look, I am a reasonable man. I will accept store credit.* |
