---
season: 5
episode: "05"
title: "The One With All the Kips"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E05 — The One With All the Kips

*Written by: Scott Silveri*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, 3:02 A.M., Chandler is up. There's a knock on the door and Chandler answers it.

**Monica:** *(quietly)* Hi!

**Chandler:** *(quietly)* Hi! *(They both start kissing.)*

*(Joey enters and Chandler pushes her away.)*

**Joey:** Monica? What time is it?

**Chandler:** Uhh, 9. *(He pushes the clock into the sink.)*

**Joey:** But it's dark out.

**Monica:** Well that's because you always sleep to [[Friends-词汇总表#noon\|noon]], [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]]! This is what 9 looks like.

**Joey:** I guess I'll get [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|washed]] up then. Watch that [[Friends-词汇总表#sunrise\|sunrise]]. *(He goes into the bathroom.)*

**Monica:** I'm really getting [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneaking]] around.

**Chandler:** I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no [[Friends-词汇总表#interruption\|interruptions]] and we could be naked the entire time.

**Monica:** All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] thing.

**Monica:** Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this [[Friends-词汇总表#culinary\|culinary]] fair that they have in Jersey!

**Chandler:** Okay, y'know your not though. Let's go. *(He starts for his bedroom.)*

**Monica:** Wait! What about Joey?

*(Chandler opens the bathroom door to reveal Joey passed out on the toilet with a toothbrush in his mouth.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe are eating breakfast.

**Monica:** *(entering from her room)* Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this [[Friends-词汇总表#culinary\|culinary]] fair in New Jersey.

**Phoebe:** Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!

**Monica:** Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.

**Chandler:** I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] conference? It's a real conference.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey.

**Ross:** Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.

**Monica:** No, she's out shopping.

**Ross:** Damn!

**Chandler:** What's going on?

**Ross:** I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.

**Phoebe:** Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?

**Ross:** Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this. *(He takes a big swig of Pepto Bismol.)*

**Monica:** Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?

**Ross:** I have no idea. I mean… But-but I [[Friends-词汇总表#assure\|assure]] you I will figure it out.

*(They all reflect briefly on what was said.)*

**Joey:** Doesn’t seem like it's going to work, I mean…

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hi, guys!

**Joey:** Hi!

**Chandler:** Uh, hey!

**Rachel:** What's going on?

**Chandler:** We're [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flipping]] Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#mattress\|mattress]].

**Joey:** So I'm thinking, [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] we pick it up and then we [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] it.

**Phoebe:** Yeah that's better than my way.

*(They all agree and head to Monica's room.)*

**Rachel:** Oh okay, hey guys, would you [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] mine too?

**Chandler:** Aww, man! *(They go into Monica's room.)*

**Rachel:** *(going through the mail)* Oh look! A letter from my mom.

**Ross:** So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah! I know.


> [!scene] Cut to Monica's bedroom, Chandler is trying to listen through the door.

**Phoebe:** *(To Chandler)* Can you hear anything?

**Chandler:** Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"

*(Joey is bent over at the waist and is looking for something under Monica's bed.)*

**Monica:** Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?

**Joey:** *(holding a box)* Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hid]] this in here.

**Monica:** Ooh, [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] bars, [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzles]]…

**Phoebe:** Ooh, Madlibs, mine! *(Grabs it.)*

**Chandler:** Condoms?

**Joey:** You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to [[Friends-词汇总表#repopulate\|repopulate]] the Earth.

**Chandler:** And [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condoms]] are the way to do that?


> [!scene] Cut to the living room.

**Ross:** Anyway it-it kinda-it all [[Friends-词汇总表#boil\|boils]] down to this, the last time I talked to Emily…

**Rachel:** *(interrupting)* Oh my God! My dog died!

**Ross:** What?!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!

**Ross:** Le Poo's still [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]?!

**Rachel:** Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] truck and [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|dragged]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]]-*(turns over the note)*-teen blocks. Oh. *(They all come out from Monica's bedroom)* Oh my God.

**Monica:** Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.

**Rachel:** It's Le Poo.

**Phoebe:** I know it's le [[Friends-词汇总表#poo\|poo]] right now, but it'll get better.


> [!scene] Scene: Atlantic City, New Jersey, Chandler and Monica are about to start their weekend of sex, sex, nothing but sex.

**Chandler:** *(jumping on the bed)* I can't believe it! We're here!

**Monica:** Ooh, [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolates]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillows]]! I love that!

**Chandler:** Oh, you should live with Joey, Roll-os [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]].

**Monica:** Come here. *(He does, and they kiss.)* Okay, be right back.

*(Goes to the bathroom and Chandler turns on the TV and finds a high-speed police chase.)*

**Chandler:** Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] on!

*(Monica returns, carrying a glass.)*

**Monica:** We're switching rooms.

**Chandler:** *(looks at what she's holding and shies away)* Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] God, they gave us glasses!

**Monica:** No, they gave us glasses with [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. *(He glares at her.)* Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?

**Chandler:** Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed! *(He grabs their bags and sprints out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is trying to tell Rachel about Emily's ultimatum again.

**Ross:** Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah! *(Turns to face him.)*

**Ross:** Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing… Okay, *(Rachel has her back turned to the camera, and Ross isn't looking at her.)* here goes. I made a promise that-*(they cut to the other camera and Ross notices something coming out of Rachel's nose)*-Oh hey!

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** You're [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#bleed\|bleeding]]!

**Rachel:** Oh God. *(He hands her some tissues.)* No! Oh not again! *(Wiping her nose.)* This-this happened when my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandfather\|grandfather]] died. It's ugh! Sorry. *(She puts her head back.)* Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?

**Ross:** Umm… *(Rachel blows her nose.)*

**Rachel:** Sorry. Sorry.

**Ross:** Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.

**Rachel:** Yeah, I know. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]! I can't see you either.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's weekend, a hotel clerk is showing them their new room.

**Hotel Clerk:** I think you'll find this room more to your liking.

**Chandler:** Okay, great. *(He grabs the remote and turns on the TV to the chase.)*

**Hotel Clerk:** *(watching the chase)* They say he's only got half a tank left.

**Chandler:** Half a [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]]? We still got a lot of high-speed [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chasing]] to do!

**Monica:** We're switching rooms again.

**Chandler:** What? Why?

**Monica:** This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room.

**Hotel Clerk:** Our last ocean view room was unacceptable to you.

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?

**Chandler:** Uh-huh. *(He doesn't take his eyes off the TV.)*

**Monica:** Chandler!

**Chandler:** *(turning to face her)* Yeah.

**Monica:** Look, these [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clowns]] are trying to take us for a [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#sucker\|suckers]]!

**Chandler:** I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch-*(realizes)*-have a perfect, [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] weekend together with you.


> [!scene] Time lapse, Monica and Chandler have changed rooms yet again.

**Monica:** Okay, this one I like!

**Chandler:** *(watching TV, in fact, ER is on.)* Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is [[Friends-词汇总表#regularly\|regularly]] scheduled programming!

**Monica:** Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?

**Chandler:** Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?

**Monica:** Hey, don't [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] me for [[Friends-词汇总表#wigging\|wigging]] tonight!

**Chandler:** Oh, who should I [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]]? The nice [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] man who had to [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] out [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]] to 10 different rooms?

**Monica:** I don't know, how about the [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] of gas!

**Chandler:** Do not speak [[Friends-词汇总表#ill\|ill]] of the dead.

**Monica:** We're supposed to uh, be spending a [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?

**Chandler:** I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.

**Monica:** What did you say?

**Chandler:** I said, "Geez, relax Monnnnn."


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is reading a magazine and has two tissues stuck up her nose in an attempt to stop the bleeding and as she hears Ross enter, she quickly hides her face behind the magazine and removes the tissues.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Ross:** Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.

**Rachel:** Okay, what's up?

**Ross:** Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I told you to give Emily whatever she wants.

**Ross:** And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants…

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Ross:** …is for me not to see you anymore.

**Rachel:** That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? *(Pause)*

*(Realizes) Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?*

**Ross:** It's [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.

**Rachel:** Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!

**Ross:** You have no idea what a [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]] this has been. This is so hard.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] for you.

**Ross:** What are you doing?

**Rachel:** Storming out!

**Ross:** Rachel, this is your apartment.

**Rachel:** Yeah, well that's how mad I am!!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is returning from his disastrous weekend. He throws his bag down and sits down on one of the leather chairs, but he sits on something and picks it up and throws it away.

**Chandler:** Damn Rollos!

**Joey:** Hey, you're back!

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** How was your conference?

**Chandler:** It was terrible. I fought with *(Pause)* my [[Friends-词汇总表#colleague\|colleagues]] y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this? *(Throws away another Rollo)*

**Joey:** Oh, so your weekend was a total [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|bust]]?

**Chandler:** Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]].

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Joey:** Hey, you're back too!

**Monica:** Yeah. Umm, Chandler can I talk to you outside for a second?

**Joey:** Hey, how was your [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] thing?

**Monica:** Oh, it was [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]]. *(To Chandler)* I guess some people just don't [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] really good food.

**Chandler:** Well, maybe it was the kind of food that [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|tasted]] good at first but then made everybody [[Friends-词汇总表#vomit\|vomit]] and have [[Friends-词汇总表#diarrhea\|diarrhea]].

**Monica:** Chandler! *(Motions for him to come outside.)*

**Chandler:** Monica. *(Follows her out.)*


> [!scene] In the hall.

**Monica:** Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.

**Chandler:** Okay, fine, $300.

**Monica:** 300 dollars?!

**Chandler:** Yeah, just think of it as $25 per room!

**Monica:** Urghh!!

**Joey:** *(sticking his head out the door)* What are you guys [[Friends-词汇总表#woofing\|woofing]] about?

**Monica:** Chandler stole a [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] from my [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]!

**Joey:** Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] find myself without [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenties]] and you always have lots!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is drinking some Alka-Seltzer. The rest of the gang, minus Rachel is there as well.

**Ross:** You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.

**Joey:** You want my advice?

**Ross:** Yes! Please!

**Joey:** You're not gonna like it.

**Ross:** That's okay.

**Joey:** You got married to fast.

**Ross:** That's not advice!

**Joey:** I told ya.

**Ross:** I'm going to the bathroom. *(Gets up and exits.)*

**Joey:** Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it. Chandler and Phoebe: Yeah, me either.

**Monica:** Maybe I could do it.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Joey:** Hi, Rach.

**Chandler:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#obsess\|obsessing]] about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?

**Joey:** I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there. *(Points over his shoulder.)*

**Rachel:** That's not Ross!

**Phoebe:** Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.

**Chandler:** Okay, Ross is in the bathroom.

**Rachel:** Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.

**Joey:** Hey, you're not Kip!

**Rachel:** *(To Joey)* Do you even know who Kip is?

**Joey:** Who cares? You're Rachel! *(To Chandler)* Who's Kip?

**Chandler:** Kip, my old [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]], y'know we all used to hang out together.

**Joey:** Oh, that poor [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]].

**Rachel:** See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!

**Monica:** You're not gonna be phased out!

**Rachel:** Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother.

*(To Chandler) He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.*

**Phoebe:** Ehh!!

**Rachel:** Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] right out.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is watching TV.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Joey:** Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelash]] [[Friends-词汇总表#curler\|curler]] in your room.

**Chandler:** Yes that was mine.

**Joey:** 'Cause I figured you'd [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] up with some girl and she'd left it there.

**Chandler:** Yes that would have made more sense.

**Joey:** Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. *(Pause.)* Were you, or were you not on a gay [[Friends-词汇总表#cruise\|cruise]]?!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is sitting on couch and Rachel is getting some coffee. Phoebe keeps turning her head from to keep from looking at Rachel.

**Rachel:** Phoebe? *(She turns her head further away.)* I'm sorry about the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lifting]] out thing. *(Moves over next to her.)* You gotta come with me!

**Phoebe:** Come where?

**Rachel:** Wherever I go. Come on you and me, we'll-we'll start a new group, we're the best ones.

**Phoebe:** Okay, but try and get Joey too.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Pheebs, you mind if I speak to Rachel alone for a sec?

**Phoebe:** Oh, sure! *(She gets up to leave.)* Bye Ross! *(Whispering behind his back.)* Forever.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi. What are you doing here? Isn't this against the rules?

**Ross:** I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.

**Rachel:** Oh, Ross…

**Ross:** No, no, it's okay. Really. They're [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommates]] at [[Friends-词汇总表#reunion\|reunions]] and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?

**Rachel:** No, it's not better. I still don't get to see you.

**Ross:** Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?

**Rachel:** Well, for [[Friends-词汇总表#starter\|starters]] I would've said the right name at my wedding!

**Ross:** I can't believe this is happening.

**Rachel:** I know.

**Ross:** I am so sorry.

**Rachel:** I know that too.

**Joey:** *(entering)* *(He clears his throat to get their attention.)* Hey, Rach? Sorry to [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]] but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is doing a crossword puzzle.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hi.

**Chandler:** I just came over to drop off…nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?

**Monica:** Yeah, it did.

**Chandler:** So, I guess this is over.

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]].

**Monica:** Why, exactly?

**Chandler:** Because of the weekend, we had a fight.

**Monica:** Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than—Ohhh! *(They both realize something there.)*

**Chandler:** So, this isn't over?

**Monica:** *(laughs)* You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.

**Chandler:** Really? Okay. Great!

**Monica:** Ohh, welcome to an adult relationship! *(She goes to kiss him.)*

**Chandler:** *(stops her)* We're in a relationship?

**Monica:** I'm afraid so.

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(They kiss.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, Joey, and Chandler are there as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Oh hey, Monica, I heard you saw Donald Trump at your [[Friends-词汇总表#convention\|convention]].

**Monica:** Yeah, I saw him waiting for an [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]].

*(Joey thinks that sounds familiar, but dismisses the thought.)*

**Monica:** Hey, Rach, can I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelash]] [[Friends-词汇总表#curler\|curler]], I think I lost mine.

**Rachel:** Yeah, it's in there. *(Points to the bathroom.)*

*(Joey puts two and two together.)*

**Joey:** *(shocked)* Oh! Ohh! Oh!!

**Chandler:** Joey, can I talk to you for a second? *(He grabs him and starts to drag Joey into Monica's room.)*

**Joey:** Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!!

*(Chandler pushes him through the door and Monica closes it behind them.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Monica's room, Chandler tackles Joey onto her bed and tries to cover his mouth.

**Joey:** Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!

**Chandler:** Yes. Yes. *(Lets him up.)*

**Joey:** *(To Chandler)* You?! *(To Monica)* And-and you?!

**Monica:** Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!

**Joey:** How?! When?!

**Chandler:** It happened in London.

**Joey:** IN LONDON!!!

**Chandler:** The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.

**Joey:** But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!

*(They both grab him and stop him.)*

**Chandler:** No-no-no-no-no! You can't!

**Monica:** Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.

*(Joey thinks it over.)*

**Joey:** All right! Man, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]! I mean, it's great, but…

**Monica:** I know, it's great!

*(She goes over and kisses Chandler.)*

**Joey:** Aww, I don't want to see that!


> [!scene] Cut to Phoebe and Rachel.

**Phoebe:** We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey! Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang, minus Ross are playing Madlibs. Phoebe is reading hers.

**Phoebe:** The most popular Phoebe in [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] is called the [[Friends-词汇总表#overhand\|overhand]] Phoebe. And if you win, you must [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#opponent\|opponent]] on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"

**Monica:** Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.

**Phoebe:** Count for what?

**Monica:** Count in our heads as-as good Madlibs.

*(They putting their notepads down and get up to leave.)*

**Joey:** I guess I'm done.

**Chandler:** Fun's over!

**Monica:** Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!

**Rachel:** Uh-huh!

**Joey:** I think I'm gonna take-off.

**Monica:** Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun! *(They all leave and close the door on Monica.)* Ohhh! *(Throws her notepad down in disgust.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（41）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 5 | 442 | 191 | *I guess I'll get washed up then. Watch that sunrise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 4 | 197 | 118 | *Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 4 | 180 | 101 | *Oh okay, hey guys, would you flip mine too?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 4 | 102 | 59 | *Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no foo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Oh God.  No! Oh not again!  This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry.  Oh, okay,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 3 | 118 | 89 | *Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 2 | 75 | 55 | *Damn!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *Oh look! A letter from my mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 2 | 115 | 81 | *Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing… Okay,  here* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 2 | 70 | 61 | *Do not speak ill of the dead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 2 | 92 | 67 | *I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 95 | 64 | *It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 2 | 133 | 83 | *I'm going to the bathroom.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out abo* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, 9.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no foo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Rachel, this is your apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Yeah, well that's how mad I am!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *It was terrible. I fought with  my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *You got married to fast.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Oh, sure!  Bye Ross!  Forever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *I just came over to drop off…nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Why, exactly?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out abo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *I'm afraid so.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey! Ending Credits* |

### 常用词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 3 | 93 | 40 | *Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 2 | 56 | 27 | *Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a chef thing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 2 | 27 | 24 | *So I'm thinking, basically we pick it up and then we flip it.* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 2 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, man!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] | /'kɒndәm/ | n. 避孕套 | n. contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is w | 2 | 18 | 13 | *Condoms?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] | /tæŋk/ | n. 槽, 箱, 柜, 罐, 池塘, 储水池, 坦克 | n. an enclosed armored military vehicle; has a cannon and moves on caterpillar t | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 2 | 28 | 24 | *Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 40 | 34 | *It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 2 | 15 | 12 | *Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *I guess I'll get washed up then. Watch that sunrise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *I'm really getting tired of sneaking around.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] | /sni:k/ | vi. 鬼鬼祟祟做事 | n. a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I'm really getting tired of sneaking around.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conferenc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 25 | 22 | *So I'm thinking, basically we pick it up and then we flip it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no foo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] | /'kændi/ | n. 糖果, 冰糖 | n. a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts | 1 | 57 | 23 | *Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Le Poo's still alive?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 1 | 32 | 22 | *Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine--teen blocks. Oh.  Oh my God.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] | /dræg/ | n. 拖, 拖累 | n. the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine--teen blocks. Oh.  Oh my God.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 1 | 32 | 24 | *Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine--teen blocks. Oh.  Oh my God.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] | /'tʃɒkәlit/ | n. 巧克力 | n. a food made from roasted ground cacao beans | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 1 | 25 | 21 | *Oh, you should live with Joey, Roll-os everywhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *You're nose is bleeding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Yeah, I know. It's ridiculous! I can't see you either.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] | /klaun/ | n. 小丑, 乡下人 | n. a rude or vulgar fool | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a coupl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a coupl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] | /'mædʒikәl/ | a. 魔术的, 有魔力的, 不可思议的 | s possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers | 1 | 13 | 11 | *I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--hav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]] | /'naitmєә/ | n. 梦魇, 恶梦, 可怕的事物(或情景、人物) | n. a situation resembling a terrifying dream | 1 | 11 | 11 | *You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Oh, it was awful.  I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!* |
| nooooo |  | [网络] 是我自作多情；天哪；脑无 |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I constantly find myself without twenties and you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Oh, that poor bastard.* |
| ehh |  | abbr. 食管裂孔疝（esophageal hiatal hernia）；高压对光栅行幅（场幅）的影响 |  | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Ehh!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] | /lift/ | n. 举起, 帮助, 昂扬, 电梯 | n. the act of giving temporary assistance | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 1 | 33 | 26 | *'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Oh, sure!  Bye Ross!  Forever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] | /'plenti/ | n. 充分, 很多, 丰富 | n. a full supply | 1 | 16 | 16 | *No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 1 | 98 | 17 | *No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]] | /.intә'rʌpt/ | vt. 中断, 妨碍, 插嘴 | n. a signal that temporarily stops the execution of a program so that another pr | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Hey, Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end sometime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Hey, Rach, can I borrow your eyelash curler, I think I lost mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *All right! Man, this is unbelievable! I mean, it's great, but…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] | /slæp/ | n. 掴, 掌击, 侮辱, 拍击声 | n. a blow from a flat object (as an open hand) | 1 | 14 | 10 | *The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your * |

### 低频词（49）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poo\|poo]] |  | 邮政汇票 |  | 5 | 8 | 4 | *Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kip\|kip]] | /kip/ | n. 小牛皮, 小客栈, 吊床, 千磅 | n. sleep | 5 | 9 | 2 | *Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#culinary\|culinary]] | /'kʌlinәri/ | a. 厨房的, 烹调用的 | a. of or relating to or used in cooking | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geez\|geez]] | /ɡi:'ez/ | vt. 注射麻醉品 | n. The original native name for the ancient Ethiopic language or | 2 | 11 | 9 | *I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.* |
| donald | /'dɔnәld/ | n. 唐纳德（男子名） |  | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trump\|trump]] | /trʌmp/ | n. 王牌, 法宝, 喇叭 | n. a playing card in the suit that has been declared trumps | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelash]] | /'ailæʃ/ | n. 睫毛 | n. any of the short curved hairs that grow from the edges of the eyelids | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curler\|curler]] | /'kә:lә/ | n. 卷发的人, 卷发夹子 | n. a mechanical device consisting of a cylindrical tube around which the hair is | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noon\|noon]] | /nu:n/ | n. 正午, 中午, 全盛期 | n. the middle of the day | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sunrise\|sunrise]] | /'sʌnraiz/ | n. 日出, 黎明, 拂晓 | n. atmospheric phenomena accompanying the daily appearance of the sun | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I guess I'll get washed up then. Watch that sunrise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interruption\|interruption]] | /.intә'rʌpʃәn/ | n. 打扰, 中断, 障碍物 | n. some abrupt occurrence that interrupts an ongoing activity | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interrupti* |
| lotta | /'lɔtә/ | <口>许多(=lot of) |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#connecticut\|connecticut]] | /kә'netikәt/ | n. 康涅狄格 | n. a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or V* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vermont\|vermont]] | /vә:'mɔnt/ | n. 佛蒙特 | n. a state in New England | 1 | 19 | 6 | *Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or V* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assure\|assure]] | /ә'ʃuә/ | vt. 保证, 使确信, 弄清楚, 担保 | v. inform positively and with certainty and confidence | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I have no idea. I mean… But-but I assure you I will figure it out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mattress\|mattress]] | /'mætris/ | n. 床垫, 空气垫, 沉床 | n. a large thick pad filled with resilient material and often incorporating coil | 1 | 7 | 4 | *We're flipping Monica's mattress.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] | /'krɔswә:d/ | n. 纵横填字游戏, 纵横填字字谜 | n a puzzle in which words corresponding to numbered clues are to be found and wr | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repopulate\|repopulate]] | /.ri:'pɒpjuleit/ | vt. 使人重新住入 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boil\|boil]] | /bɒil/ | n. 煮沸, 沸腾, 疖 | n. a painful sore with a hard core filled with pus | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] | /'lipstik/ | n. 口红, 唇膏 | n. makeup that is used to color the lips | 1 | 12 | 9 | *No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chopper\|chopper]] | /'tʃɒpә/ | n. 切物之人, 斧头, 切肉大刀 | n. informal terms for a human `tooth' | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bleed\|bleed]] | /bli:d/ | vi. 流血, 悲痛, 渗出 | v. draw blood | 1 | 7 | 6 | *You're nose is bleeding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandfather\|grandfather]] | /'grændfɑ:ðә/ | n. 祖父, 始祖 | n. the father of your father or mother | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh God.  No! Oh not again!  This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry.  Oh, okay,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sucker\|sucker]] | /'sʌkә/ | n. 乳儿, 吸管 | n. a shoot arising from a plant's roots | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a coupl* |
| mugsy |  | [网络] 马格西；老马识途；玛格西 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--hav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dammit\|dammit]] | /'dæmit/ | int. 该死, 真他妈的 |  | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regularly\|regularly]] | /'regjulәli/ | adv. 有规则地, 一丝不苟地, 正式地 | r. in a regular manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wigging\|wigging]] | /'wigiŋ/ | n. 责备 | n British slang for a scolding | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]] | /'lʌgidʒ/ | n. 行李, 皮箱 | n cases used to carry belongings when traveling | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#albany\|albany]] | /'ɒ:lbәni/ | n. 奥尔巴尼(美国纽约州首府) | n. state capital of New York; located in eastern New York State on the west bank | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ill\|ill]] | /il/ | n. 疾病, 坏事, 罪恶, 灾难 | a. affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function | 1 | 12 | 3 | *Do not speak ill of the dead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#storm\|storm]] | /stɒ:m/ | n. 暴风雨, 骚动, 风波, 风暴, 猛攻 | n. a violent weather condition with winds 64-72 knots (11 on the Beaufort scale) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Storming out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rollo\|rollo]] | /'rɔlәu/ | (=Rolf)罗洛(男子名) | n. Norse chieftain who became the first duke of Normandy (860-931) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Damn Rollos!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colleague\|colleague]] | /'kɒli:g/ | n. 同事, 同僚 | n. an associate that one works with | 1 | 4 | 4 | *It was terrible. I fought with  my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bust\|bust]] | /bʌst/ | n. 半身像, 胸部, 失败, 殴打 | n. a sculpture of the head and shoulders of a person | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Oh, so your weekend was a total bust?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vomit\|vomit]] | /'vɒmit/ | vt. 吐出, 呕吐 | n. the matter ejected in vomiting | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diarrhea\|diarrhea]] | /,daiә'riә/ | n. 腹泻 | n. frequent and watery bowel movements; can be a symptom of infection or food po | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#woofing\|woofing]] | /wʊf/ | n. 纬线；织物；低吠声 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What are you guys woofing about?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] | /'kɒnstәntli/ | adv. 不变地, 不断地, 时常地 | r. without variation or change, in every case | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I constantly find myself without twenties and you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsess\|obsess]] | /әb'ses/ | vt. 迷住, 使困扰 | v. be preoccupied with something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cruise\|cruise]] | /kru:z/ | n. 巡航, 巡弋, 漫游 | n. an ocean trip taken for pleasure | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wherever\|wherever]] | /hwєәr'evә/ | adv. 无论哪里 | r. where in the world | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Wherever I go. Come on you and me, we'll-we'll start a new group, we're the best ones.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reunion\|reunion]] | /ri:'ju:njәn/ | n. 团圆, 重聚 | n. a party of former associates who have come together again | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burger\|burger]] | /'bә:ɡә/ | n. 汉堡包（等于hamburger） | n. United States jurist appointed chief justice of the United States Supreme Cou | 1 | 7 | 6 | *No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#starter\|starter]] | /'stɑ:tә/ | n. 开端者, 在起跑线上的人, 参加赛跑的人, 调度员, 起动机, 酵母 | n. an electric motor for starting an engine | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convention\|convention]] | /kәn'venʃәn/ | n. 大会, 协定, 惯例, 约定 | n. a large formal assembly | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh hey, Monica, I heard you saw Donald Trump at your convention.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] | /'tenis/ | n. 网球 | n. a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back and for | 1 | 12 | 8 | *The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overhand\|overhand]] | /'әuvәhænd/ | a. 超手的, 肩上的 | a. with hand brought forward and down from above shoulder level | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opponent\|opponent]] | /ә'pәunәnt/ | n. 对手, 敌手, 反对者 | s. characterized by active hostility | 1 | 4 | 2 | *The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your * |
