---
season: 5
episode: "22"
title: "The One With Joey's Big Break"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S05E22 — The One With Joey's Big Break

*Teleplay by: Wil Calhoun*

*Story by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone but Phoebe are there reading. Rachel is sitting on the couch flanked by Ross and Monica. She suddenly stops reading and starts blinking her left eye as if it's bothering her. The problem is that Joey is on her left and thinks she's winking at him and winks back. Ross is watching this and isn't quite sure of what to make of it.

**Ross:** What's going on?

**Rachel:** Well, my eye is a little [[Friends-词汇总表#itchy\|itchy]].

*(Ross turns to look at Joey.)*

**Joey:** Uhhh, mine too! Yeah.

**Monica:** *(To Rachel)* Wow! It's really red! You should go see my eye doctor.

**Rachel:** Richard? I'm not gonna go see your ex-boyfriend!

**Chandler:** Oh, Richard. That's all I ever hear, Richard, Richard, Richard!

**Monica:** Since we've been going out, I think I've [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mentioned]] his name [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]]!

**Chandler:** Okay, so Richard, Richard!

**Monica:** It's not Richard! Okay? It's this new guy and he's really good.

**Rachel:** Well, I'm sorry I'm not going to an eye doctor!

**Ross:** Oh God, here we go!

**Chandler:** What?

**Ross:** Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch! *(He takes his finger and moves it towards his eye.)*

**Rachel:** *(flinches)* Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?

**All:** All right, fine.

**Monica:** Hey Rach, remember that great song, Me, Myself, and I? *(And on the "I" part she mimics poking her eye.)*

**Rachel:** *(flinches again)* Monica! Come on!

**Ross:** Hey, does anybody want to get some [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]? All those in [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] say I? *(Pokes his eye)*

**Rachel:** *(freaks)* Ross! Stop it! Come on!

**Chandler:** How much did I love The King and I? *(Oh, you get the point by now.)*

**Rachel:** Chandler!

**Joey:** Me too! Me too! Me too! *(Yeah, he does the same thing.)*

**Rachel:** Just stop it! Come on!

*(Joey howls in pain and holds his eye.)*

**Chandler:** You okay there man?

**Joey:** Yeah, I got too excited!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are eating breakfast.

**Ross:** All right, I gotta go. I'm taking Ben to the park.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, give him a kiss for me!

**Ross:** All right, bye!

**Monica:** Bye!

**Phoebe:** Bye!

**Ross:** Later! *(Exits.)*

**Phoebe:** *(after he's gone)* I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am [[Friends-词汇总表#furious\|furious]] with him!

**Chandler:** Wow umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down.

**Phoebe:** I'm trying, but man that guy can [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] my buttons!

**Monica:** Why are so mad at him?

**Phoebe:** Look, I don't wanna talk about it. Okay?

**Monica:** Well, it just seems that…

**Phoebe:** You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?

**Chandler:** Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like?

**Phoebe:** Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.

**Joey:** *(entering, depressed)* Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. *(Pause, then very excitedly)* I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!

**Chandler:** You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!

**Joey:** It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she [[Friends-词汇总表#disappear\|disappears]]… But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."

**Phoebe:** Ohh-oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#chill\|chilling]]!

**Joey:** And the best part is, we're filming in the [[Friends-词汇总表#desert\|desert]] outside Vegas! *(To Chandler)* And you know what that means buddy!

**Chandler:** Yeah, I know that means buddy!

**Joey:** Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!

**Phoebe:** Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.

**Chandler:** Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** No! No, her [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]]! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.

**Joey:** All right! Thanks Pheebs!

**Chandler:** Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?

**Joey:** Oh umm, not go.

**Chandler:** All right, great, road trip baby! *(To Monica)* This okay with you?

**Monica:** Chandler! You don't have to ask for my permission. *(Quietly)* You can go.

**Chandler:** Thank you.

**Monica:** Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]]!

**Rachel:** *(entering from her bedroom)* All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh!

*(She walks by the table and notices that no one is looking and accidentally on purpose knocks over the open cereal box.) Ohhh! No! Look what I did! (She starts walking through the mess. {Also, notice the continuity error in this scene. Note the position of the box and dispersal pattern of the cereal before and after the camera cut.}) Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!*

**Monica:** No. If you thought this mess is going to [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! *(She ushers Rachel out the door, but before the door fully closes she sticks her head back in.)* Chandler!!!! *(Chandler agrees to clean up the mess.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is reading a map as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Oh hey Joey! What's up?

**Joey:** I can't [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] which [[Friends-词汇总表#route\|route]] to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I've been around.

**Joey:** Okay, so-so which [[Friends-词汇总表#route\|route]] should I take the northern route or the southern route?

**Phoebe:** Ooh, if you take the northern [[Friends-词汇总表#route\|route]] there's a man in Illinois with a [[Friends-词汇总表#beard\|beard]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#bee\|bees]]. {Okay, I must [[Friends-词汇总表#protest\|protest]] this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}

**Joey:** Great! Problem [[Friends-词汇总表#solve\|solved]]!

**Phoebe:** But on the southern [[Friends-词汇总表#route\|route]] there's a [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] that plays [[Friends-词汇总表#tic\|tic]]-tac-[[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]].

**Joey:** Well, back to square one.

**Phoebe:** Oh, I know a way that you can [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]]! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.

**Joey:** *(quickly)* Yes!

**Phoebe:** Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]]. Clear your mind. *(Quickly)* Which do you like better [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] whites?

**Joey:** Peanut [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]]!

**Phoebe:** Which would you rather be a [[Friends-词汇总表#fireman\|fireman]] or a [[Friends-词汇总表#swimmer\|swimmer]]?

**Joey:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#swimmer\|swimmer]]!

**Phoebe:** Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?

**Joey:** Monica. Oh… huh, I always thought it would be Rachel.

**Phoebe:** No thinking! No thinking! Tie or [[Friends-词汇总表#ascot\|ascot]]?

**Joey:** Ascot!

**Phoebe:** North [[Friends-词汇总表#route\|route]] or south route?

**Joey:** North [[Friends-词汇总表#route\|route]]!

**Phoebe:** Bamn! There you go! Huh?

**Joey:** Wow! That was incredible! Beard of [[Friends-词汇总表#bee\|bees]], here I come!

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Oh, this guy again. *(She ignores him.)*

**Joey:** Hey man, what's up?

**Ross:** Uhh, not much. You guys want to see a movie tonight?

**Joey:** Sure, what do you want to see?

**Ross:** I don't know, umm…

**Joey:** Oh, I know how we can [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]]. Phoebe, show him your game!

**Phoebe:** Umm, no thank you. *(She gets up and moves to the couch. They were at a table previously.)*

**Ross:** What's with her?

**Joey:** I don't know. But hey, I know we can [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]]. Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?

**Ross:** Okay.

**Joey:** What do you like better action or [[Friends-词汇总表#comedy\|comedy]]?

**Ross:** Action.

**Joey:** Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?

*(Ross pauses and looks at him, Joey motions for him to hurry up.)*

**Ross:** Dude, you are [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].

**Joey:** Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's eye doctor's office, Monica and Rachel are waiting in an exam room and looking at this big white thing used to check eyes. I have no idea what it is, and if an ophthalmologist happens to know what that is, let me know.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! What does that thing do?

**Monica:** *(looks at it more closely)* Oh that's an eye [[Friends-词汇总表#removal\|removal]] machine.

**Rachel:** All right, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here!

**Monica:** I'm kidding! I'm kidding!

*(Rachel heads for the door but is intercepted by the doctor.)*

**The Doctor:** Hi Rachel!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**The Doctor:** I'm Dr. Miller. Monica told me you were a little nervous, but don't worry everything's gonna be just fine.

**Rachel:** So were done then! Dr. Miller: Almost! But first, we gotta start.

**Rachel:** Okay. Dr. Miller: This is a [[Friends-词汇总表#glaucoma\|glaucoma]] test.

**Rachel:** Uh-huh. Dr. Miller: Sit down.

**Rachel:** Okay. Dr. Miller: But your [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]] here. *(She does so.)* Now, you'll feel a small [[Friends-词汇总表#puff\|puff]] of air in each eye.

**Rachel:** *(jerks back from the tester)* What?!

**Monica:** A small [[Friends-词汇总表#puff\|puff]] of air, now come on! Dr. Miller: Here we go.

**Rachel:** All right. Dr. Miller: 1…2…3! *(Rachel jerks back on 3.)*

**Rachel:** I'm sorry. All right, I'll just stay in here this time. *(Puts her head back.)* Okay. Dr. Miller: Ready?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh. Dr. Miller: 1…2… *(She flinches on 2 this time.)*

**Monica:** Y'know what, I'm gonna hold her head.

**Rachel:** Okay. Dr. Miller: That's okay.

**Monica:** Okay. *(Monica backs off.)*

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay! Dr. Miller: 1…2! *(She flinches again.)* *(Gives up.)* Y'know what? You're young; you probably don't have [[Friends-词汇总表#glaucoma\|glaucoma]].

**Rachel:** *(really excited)* Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy! *(He took out that thing they use to look at people's retinas and looked at Rachel's when she was shaking his hand causing her to flinch and scream at him.)* Dr. Miller: Okay. You've got a small, [[Friends-词汇总表#minor\|minor]] [[Friends-词汇总表#infection\|infection]] in that left eye. I want you to take these drops three times a day and you'll be as good as new.

**Rachel:** Yeah, no, I don't-I don't put things in my eye. Dr. Miller: Okay then, I guess we'll see you back here in three months.

**Rachel:** Great! Dr. Miller: And I'll fit you for a glass eye.

**Rachel:** Okay, just give me the damn drops! *(Grabs them and storms out.)*

**Monica:** Dr. Miller? *(She covers her right eye and reads from the chart)* P E C F D. Dr. Miller: Very good Monica! You know where they are.

**Monica:** I sure do! *(She runs over to a drawer, opens it, and grabs a lollipop.)*

*(To Rachel) And you don't get one!*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe, Rachel, Monica, and Joey are there.

**Rachel:** Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]]. My eye is a 100% better.

**Monica:** They're still in my [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]].

**Rachel:** Damn!

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Joey:** Hey! You ready to go?

**Chandler:** Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] or will all these [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vests]] be enough? *(Holds up 3 of them in different colors.)*

*(Monica stares at him.)*

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** I love you. {There's another [[Friends-词汇总表#continuity\|continuity]] error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holding the [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vests]] so that you couldn't see the [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]], you could see all three, and they were [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|folding]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nicely\|nicely]]. After she says the line and the camera cuts back to Chandler, you can only see two out of the three, you can see the collar of the top one, and it looks like it was folded [[Friends-词汇总表#sloppily\|sloppily]], [[Friends-词汇总表#unlike\|unlike]] before. Hey, you notice things while spending this much time on this!}

**Joey:** Man, I wish Ross was coming with us! Y'know? I'm gonna miss him!

**Phoebe:** Thanks a lot! I just got that [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] out of my mind!

**Chandler:** Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?

**Joey:** Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.

**Chandler:** I see, but once you get your first [[Friends-词汇总表#paycheck\|paycheck]] you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?

**Joey:** Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one [[Friends-词汇总表#penny\|penny]] of it goes right in Joey's pocket.

**Chandler:** So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?

**Joey:** Did you not hear the [[Friends-词汇总表#plot\|plot]] of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a [[Friends-词汇总表#millionaire\|millionaire]]!

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] on black 15.

**Joey:** You got it!

**Ross:** All right!

*(Joey nods to Chandler, no way!)*

**Chandler:** All right, bye-bye now!

**Phoebe:** Bye!

**Rachel:** Bye you guys!

**Joey:** Bye-bye!

**Monica:** I wanna say good-bye at the car!

**Chandler:** Okay!

**Joey:** Anybody want to say good-bye to me at the car?

**Rachel:** Oh honey, I'll say good-bye to you at the car if you don't mind the [[Friends-词汇总表#pus\|puss]].

*(Pause.)*

**Joey:** See ya! *(Walks out.)*

**Rachel:** Well, wait a minute! The [[Friends-词汇总表#pus\|puss]] is good! It means it's [[Friends-词汇总表#heal\|healing]]! *(Runs after him.)*

**Ross:** Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading? *(Phoebe ignores him)* Pheebs? *(Turns away)* Hello? *(He sits down next to her and she moves over a bit.)* Phoebe? *(He moves closer and she keeps moving away.)* Phoe-Phoebe! *(They end up hanging over the arm rest.)* Come on! *(He grabs the magazine away from her.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there.

**Ross:** Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!

**Phoebe:** Well, if you don't know I can't help you.

**Ross:** Well, I don't know.

**Phoebe:** Well, I can't help you.

**Ross:** Well, whatever it is I'm-I'm very, very sorry. Okay?

**Phoebe:** Apology accepted.

**Ross:** Okay. So we're, we're good?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh.

**Ross:** All right. *(Gets up.)* I'll uh, I'll see you later, okay?

**Phoebe:** *(quietly)* Bye, fat ass.

**Ross:** ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!

**Phoebe:** I don't know! I don't remember!

**Ross:** Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?

**Phoebe:** Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little [[Friends-词汇总表#hiney\|hiney]].

*(Ross isn't sure what to do with that comment.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's cab, Joey and Chandler are headed across the George Washington bridge on their way to Las Vegas. Joey is driving.

**Joey:** Man, I'm getting pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]]. You're might have to take over soon.

**Chandler:** We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.

**Joey:** Don't worry, it's out there! *(Just then a horn honks and Joey quickly looks at the road.)* I think I just need [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Joey:** You wanna eat? *(Pulls out the twenty)* My [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]]!

**Chandler:** Isn't that Ross's money?

**Joey:** Yeah. Okay. Ross's [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]]! Where do you wanna eat?

**Chandler:** I don't know.

**Joey:** Ooh, hey, I know how we can [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]]! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!

**Chandler:** Okay!

**Joey:** Okay, uhh, would you rather be too [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] or too [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]]?

**Chandler:** Too [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]].

**Joey:** Do you believe in [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghosts]], yes or no?

**Chandler:** No!

**Joey:** Is this movie gonna be my big break?

**Chandler:** No!

**Joey:** *(shocked)* What?!

**Chandler:** Yes.

**Joey:** Dude you said, "No!"

**Chandler:** I also said, "Yes!"

**Joey:** You don't think this is going to be a big break for me?

**Chandler:** No! *(Realizes)* Ahhh!!!

**Joey:** I don't believe this!

**Chandler:** Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high.

**Joey:** What are you talking about?! I'm the lead in a movie!

**Chandler:** They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!

**Joey:** Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumping]] all over my big break.

**Chandler:** Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.

**Joey:** Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]]? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.

**Chandler:** Oh, you don't want me on the trip?

**Joey:** Not if you're gonna be like this!

**Chandler:** All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.

**Joey:** Yeah! I don't want you on the trip!

**Chandler:** All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!

**Joey:** Fine! *(He slams on the brakes, stopping the car on the bridge to the sound of numerous car horns.)* Get out!

**Chandler:** You're not actually supposed to stop on the bridge.

**Joey:** Get out!!

**Chandler:** All right!! *(Gets out and Joey speeds away.)* Wait! Wait, there's no [[Friends-词汇总表#sidewalk\|sidewalk]]! Yeah, I'm gonna die here.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Phoebe, Rachel, and Monica are there. Ross is trying to figure out why Phoebe's mad at him.

**Ross:** Okay, are you mad at me because my hair [[Friends-词汇总表#gel\|gel]] smells?

**Phoebe:** No.

**Ross:** Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] at me because I said your [[Friends-词汇总表#handwrite\|handwriting]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#childlike\|childlike]]?

**Phoebe:** No that made me feel [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]].

**Monica:** Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's [[Friends-词汇总表#grammar\|grammar]]? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!

**Ross:** Yeah? Sometimes it's… *(Does the fist thing.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, did you [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.

**Ross:** Okay, I'm the baby. *(Points at his eye.)*

**Rachel:** Eh! Stop it!

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Chandler! What are you doing here?

**Ross:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!

**All:** Why?!

**Chandler:** I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.

**Phoebe:** That game should not be played without my [[Friends-词汇总表#supervision\|supervision]].

**Chandler:** Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushed]] me off of the bridge.

**Phoebe:** What's in the bag?

**Chandler:** Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. *(Looks into the bag.)* Who wants the [[Friends-词汇总表#teddy\|teddy]] bear with one [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]]?

**Phoebe:** I do!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is trying to apply her eye drops while Monica looks on.

**Rachel:** Okay. *(She tilts her head back and squeezes the eyedropper. The only problem is, it's not over her eye.)*

**Monica:** Not even close.

**Rachel:** Okay, then y'know what? Help me! I need help! I can't do this!

**Monica:** Okay! All right! Let's do it!

**Rachel:** All right!

**Monica:** Sit down. *(They sit down on the couch.)*

**Rachel:** All right.

**Monica:** Put your head back.

**Rachel:** Yes!

**Monica:** All right.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Monica:** Now, open your eyes.

**Rachel:** Okay, they are. *(No they're not.)*

**Monica:** How many [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]] am I holding up? *(She's not holding any up.)*

**Rachel:** *(thinks)* Four.

**Monica:** Oh my God, I was thinking four.

**Rachel:** Really?!

**Monica:** Yes! All right, y'know what? Why don't we start with a practice run? Okay?

**Rachel:** Okay!

**Monica:** No drops!

**Rachel:** Great!

**Monica:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Monica:** On three, 1…2…3! *(Rachel turns her head on three to avoid the drops.)* Now my pillow's all [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]]! *(She was trying to fool Rachel and squeezed the eyedropper.)*

**Rachel:** Well, well, you said it was practice!

**Monica:** Then why did you move?!

**Rachel:** Because I knew you were lying!

**Monica:** All right, come here! *(She gets up and drags Rachel off of the couch by her legs.)*

**Rachel:** *(as she's being dragged)* What are you? Monica!! Stop it!! Oh my God! Stop it! *(Monica drags her totally onto the floor and on her back.)*

**Monica:** I am going… I'm going--Turn it over! *(Rachel rolled onto her stomach and Monica rolls her back.)* I'm… I am going to get these drops in your eyes.

*(She is holding Rachel down with both hands and has the eyedropper in her mouth.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my God! You really are [[Friends-词汇总表#freakishly\|freakishly]] strong!

*(Monica starts biting on the eyedropper, spraying the fluid all over. But Rachel keeps turning her head back and forth and Monica keeps missing.)*

**Rachel:** Monica! Stop it!

**Monica:** *(spitting out the eyedropper)* Damn! It's [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]]!

**Rachel:** Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a [[Friends-词汇总表#fortune\|fortune]]! *(Monica is straddling Rachel and holding her arms down. In a rather risqu pose, at least for primetime TV.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, time lapse, Phoebe and Monica are playing cards as the phone rings.

**Phoebe:** Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross. *(Thinks)* Or-or Rachel!

**Monica:** *(answers the phone)* Hello? *(Listens.)* *(To Phoebe)* It's Joey. *(Phoebe's proud of herself.)* *(To Joey)* I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.

**Joey:** *(on a pay phone holding a box)* Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vests]]!

**Monica:** What did you do to his [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vests]]?

**Joey:** Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.

**Monica:** Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second. *(She hands the phone to Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey, dude!

**Joey:** Hey Pheebs! Listen, this [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] box keeps [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|sliding]] out from under the seat. What-what is it?

**Phoebe:** Oh that's my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]]. *(Joey holds the box away from him.)* And thanks Joey she's having a really great time. *(Joey is happy now.)*

**Chandler:** *(who has just entered)* Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!

**Phoebe:** Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering… *(We hear the dial tone as Joey hangs up.)* Okay, I guess he ran out of change.

**Chandler:** Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] to him if he won't even talk to me?

**Monica:** Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.

**Chandler:** That's a good idea. I wonder where I could *(Pause)* get a basket of porn…

**Phoebe:** No, don't-don't say I'm sorry with porn!

**Chandler:** Really?

**Phoebe:** Y'know what you should send him? A [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]]. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]].

**Ross:** *(entering)* Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?

**Phoebe:** Uh-hmm.

**Ross:** What do you like better [[Friends-词汇总表#flora\|flora]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#fauna\|fauna]]?

**Phoebe:** Fauna.

**Ross:** Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?

**Phoebe:** Garfunkle.

**Ross:** Why are you mad at me?

**Phoebe:** You said I was [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]]--Ohh!

**Ross:** When did I say you were [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]]?!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing [[Friends-词汇总表#chess\|chess]]!

**Ross:** Phoebe! You and I have never played [[Friends-词汇总表#chess\|chess]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|frozen]] lake? We were playing [[Friends-词汇总表#chess\|chess]], you said I was [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]], and then you took off your energy [[Friends-词汇总表#mask\|mask]] and you were Cameron Diaz! *(Realizes)* Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.


> [!scene] Scene: The desert outside of Las Vegas, Joey is arriving and we hear the song, Name. Y'know, (singing) I've been through the desert on a horse with no name! It felt good to be out of the rain. In the desert, you can't remember your name, 'cause there ain't no one for to give you no pain. La…la…la-la-la, la, la, la, la-la-la. You get the idea. Anyhoo, he pulls up and stops. As he gets out of the car, he spills a huge pill of fast food containers out of the foot well.

**Joey:** Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.

**Stanley:** Umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#slight\|slight]] change of plans. We've [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] down.

**Joey:** Wh-what?! Why?!

**Stanley:** It's a money thing, we don't have any.

**Joey:** *(laughs)* You're kidding right?

**Stanley:** No.

**Joey:** What?!

**Stanley:** It-it's probably just [[Friends-词汇总表#temporary\|temporary]]. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang out.

**Joey:** Uh, hang out?! How long?

**Stanley:** I don't know. A week? Maybe two? The money will turn up! People will always wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invest]] in movies! Hey, you're not rich are ya?

**Joey:** No!

**Stanley:** Eh, worth a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]]. *(Gets into his car.)* Look Joey, let me know where you're staying, okay? *(The car peels away.)*

*(I think one of the grips walk up to Joey, mainly because there's a credit for The Grip. What the heck is a grip anyway?!)*

**The Grip:** Hey pal, are you Joey Tribbiani?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**The Grip:** These got left for ya. *(He hands him a bunch of helium balloons.)*

**Joey:** Thanks. *(The grip walks away.)* *(Reading the card.)* Congratulations on your big break.

*(The rest of the crew start to drive away leaving Joey sad, alone, and holding his congratulatory balloons as the song comes up again. La-la-la. See, I've been through the desert on a horse with no name! It felt good to be out of the rain! In the desert you can't remember your name, 'cause there ain't no one for to give you no pain. La-la-la, la, la, la…)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the phone is ringing.

**Monica:** *(answering it)* Hello?

**Joey:** *(on phone from Vegas)* Hey Monica, it's Joey!

**Monica:** Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!

**Joey:** Aw, come on! It'll be years before I forget you!

**Monica:** Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?

**Joey:** Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!


> [!scene] Cut to Joey hanging up the phone in Vegas. He's wearing a Roman gladiator's uniform and goes over to join a family to pose for a picture. You see, he's apparently taken a job at Caesar's Palace.

**Joey:** *(to the family)* Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'.

**The Husband:** Okay!

**Joey:** Everybody [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]]! *(The picture is taken)* Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific! *(The family leaves.)* Kill me. Kill me now. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, The gang is surrounding Rachel at key positions.

**Ross:** Hey Rach, can you pass me the TV Guide?

**Rachel:** Yep!

*(As she moves to get it, Monica yells…)*

**Monica:** Go!!

*(Phoebe jumps to the floor as Ross tackles Rachel off of the couch. Chandler helps push Rachel onto the floor by jumping over the back of the couch. Phoebe grabs Rachel's head to hold it still and opens Rachel's eye as Monica jumps onto Chandler's back to administer the torture--I mean medicine.)*

**Rachel:** What?!! Stop it! Stop it! Oh my God!

**Monica:** Okay! Okay! Okay! *(She succeeds in getting the eye drops in and everyone climbs off of Rachel.)* We'll see you in about 3 to 4 hours.

**Rachel:** Oh! *(She's trying to recover while still on the floor.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（42）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 10 | 130 | 71 | *Why are so mad at him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 6 | 281 | 110 | *All right, bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what.  I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 3 | 211 | 141 | *I'm kidding! I'm kidding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 3 | 75 | 55 | *Okay, just give me the damn drops!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, not much. You guys want to see a movie tonight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Uh-huh. Dr. Miller: Sit down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!  Dr. Mi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *You wanna eat?  My treat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *Hello?   It's Joey.   I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really ups* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Everybody smile!  Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific!  Kill m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Uhhh, mine too! Yeah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Yeah, I got too excited!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Ohh, give him a kiss for me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky!  Chan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Wow! That was incredible! Beard of bees, here I come!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holdin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Tw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Well, whatever it is I'm-I'm very, very sorry. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Don't worry, it's out there!  I think I just need lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *You're not actually supposed to stop on the bridge.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Okay, are you mad at me because my hair gel smells?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross.  Or-or Rachel!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Hello?   It's Joey.   I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really ups* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Hello?   It's Joey.   I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really ups* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *That's a good idea. I wonder where I could  get a basket of porn…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your* |

### 常用词（58）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 5 | 64 | 44 | *I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 3 | 43 | 27 | *Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 3 | 38 | 27 | *You said I was boring--Ohh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 2 | 92 | 47 | *Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] | /'pi:nʌt/ | n. 花生, 小人物, 极小的数额 | n. underground pod of the peanut vine | 2 | 15 | 12 | *Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]] | /'bʌtә/ | n. 奶油, 黄油 | n. an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cookin | 2 | 17 | 15 | *Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 2 | 53 | 31 | *They're still in my coat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 2 | 36 | 29 | *You wanna eat?  My treat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] | /wet/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天 | v. cause to become wet | 2 | 26 | 25 | *Okay, uhh, would you rather be too wet or too dry?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 2 | 40 | 34 | *Okay, uhh, would you rather be too wet or too dry?* |
| uhhh |  | [网络] 让她说；我喜欢它；巴洛夫斯克机场 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Uhhh, mine too! Yeah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] | /'enitaim/ | adv. 任何时候；无例外地 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Wow umm, calm down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *I'm trying, but man that guy can push my buttons!* |
| estelle | /es'tel/ | n. 埃斯特尔(f.) |  | 1 | 27 | 10 | *Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what.  I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] | /'sʌbwei/ | n. 地铁, 地道 | n an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a ci | 1 | 26 | 16 | *It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky!  Chan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#solve\|solve]] | /sɒlv/ | vt. 解决, 付给, 溶解 | v. find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Great! Problem solved!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] | /breθ/ | n. 呼吸, 气息, 瞬间 | n. the process of taking in and expelling air during breathing | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1 | 38 | 20 | *Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *No thinking! No thinking! Tie or ascot?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Dude, you are sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *All right, I'm outta here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!  Dr. Mi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]] | /'mirәkl/ | n. 奇迹, 奇事 | n. any amazing or wonderful occurrence | 1 | 20 | 11 | *Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Tw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Tw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒi/ | n. 道歉, 辩护 | n. an expression of regret at having caused trouble for someone | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Apology accepted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then y* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *No!  Ahhh!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 1 | 32 | 24 | *Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]] | /'preʃәs/ | a. 宝贵的, 珍贵的, 过于精致的, 珍爱的 | s. of high worth or cost | 1 | 15 | 11 | *No that made me feel precious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *How many fingers am I holding up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *On three, 1…2…3!  Now my pillow's all wet!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Damn! It's empty!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slide]] | /slaid/ | n. 滑, 滑道, 山崩, 雪崩, 幻灯片 | n. a small flat rectangular piece of glass on which specimens can be mounted for | 1 | 21 | 12 | *Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Oh that's my grandma.  And thanks Joey she's having a really great time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]] | /kɑ:'tu:n/ | n. 卡通画, 漫画 | n. a humorous or satirical drawing published in a newspaper or magazine | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for prot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] | /.sigә'ret/ | n. 香烟, 纸烟 | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | 1 | 27 | 16 | *Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for prot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]] | /'prizn/ | n. 监狱, 监禁, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for p | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for prot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freeze]] | /fri:z/ | vi. 冻结, 冷冻, 僵硬, 楞住 | n. the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was borin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Thanks.   Congratulations on your big break.* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Everybody smile!  Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific!  Kill m* |

### 低频词（63）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miller\|miller]] | /'milә/ | n. 厂主, 蛾 | n. United States bandleader of a popular big band (1909-1944) | 15 | 18 | 3 | *So were done then! Dr. Miller: Almost! But first, we gotta start.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#route\|route]] | /ru:t/ | n. 路径, 途径, 路线 | v. send documents or materials to appropriate destinations | 9 | 17 | 6 | *I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vest]] | /vest/ | n. 背心, 汗背心 | n. a man's sleeveless garment worn underneath a coat | 4 | 9 | 4 | *Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beard\|beard]] | /biәd/ | n. 胡须 | n. the hair growing on the lower part of a man's face | 3 | 12 | 9 | *Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must pr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chess\|chess]] | /tʃes/ | n. 国际象棋 | n. weedy annual native to Europe but widely distributed as a weed especially in  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shutter\|shutter]] | /'ʃʌtә/ | n. 百叶窗, 关闭物, 照相机快门, 关闭者 | n. a mechanical device on a camera that opens and closes to control the time of  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall i* |
| betsy | /'betsi/ | n. 贝琪（女子名, 等于Elizabeth） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swimmer\|swimmer]] | /'swimә/ | n. 游泳者 | n. a trained athlete who participates in swimming meets | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Which would you rather be a fireman or a swimmer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ascot\|ascot]] | /'æskәt/ | n. 领巾状领带；（大写）英国阿斯科特赛马会 | n. a cravat with wide square ends; secured with an ornamental pin | 2 | 2 | 1 | *No thinking! No thinking! Tie or ascot?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glaucoma\|glaucoma]] | /glɒ:'kәumә/ | n. 绿内障, 青光眼 | n. an eye disease that damages the optic nerve and impairs vision (sometimes pro | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Okay. Dr. Miller: This is a glaucoma test.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puff\|puff]] | /pʌf/ | n. 一阵喷烟, 肿块, 喘息 | n. a short light gust of air | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Okay. Dr. Miller: But your chin here.  Now, you'll feel a small puff of air in each eye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] | /'kɒlә/ | n. 衣领, 颈圈 | n. a band that fits around the neck and is usually folded over | 2 | 7 | 6 | *I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holdin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pus\|pus]] | /pʌs/ | n. 脓, 脓汁 | n. the tenth month of the Hindu calendar | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh honey, I'll say good-bye to you at the car if you don't mind the puss.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whom\|whom]] | /hu:m/ | pron. 谁 | pron. The objective case of who. See Who. | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fauna\|fauna]] | /'fɒ:nә/ | n. 动物群 | n. all the animal life in a particular region or period | 2 | 2 | 1 | *What do you like better flora or fauna?* |
| garfunkle |  | [网络] 葛芳柯；丰科 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#itchy\|itchy]] | /'itʃi/ | a. 渴望的, 痒的, 生疥疮的 | s. causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, my eye is a little itchy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#furious\|furious]] | /'fjuәriәs/ | a. 狂怒的, 激烈的, 吵闹的 | s marked by extreme and violent energy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chill\|chill]] | /tʃil/ | n. 寒冷, 寒意, 失意 | n. coldness due to a cold environment | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Ohh-oh, chilling!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#desert\|desert]] | /'dezәt. di'sә:t/ | n. 沙漠, 应得的赏罚, 功劳 | n. arid land with little or no vegetation | 1 | 6 | 6 | *And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas!  And you know what that means buddy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blinky\|blinky]] | /'bliŋki/ | a. [美国方言](牛奶)酸的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky!  Chan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#protest\|protest]] | /prә'test/ | n. 抗议, 反对, 抗议书, 断言 | n. a formal and solemn declaration of objection | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must pr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fireman\|fireman]] | /'faiәmәn/ | n. 救火队员, 消防队员 | n. play in which children pretend to put out a fire | 1 | 22 | 6 | *Which would you rather be a fireman or a swimmer?* |
| bamn |  | [网络] 通过一切意味着必要(By All Means Necessary) |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Bamn! There you go! Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comedy\|comedy]] | /'kɒmidi/ | n. 喜剧, 有趣的事情 | n. light and humorous drama with a happy ending | 1 | 7 | 7 | *What do you like better action or comedy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#removal\|removal]] | /ri'mu:vl/ | n. 移动, 移居, 迁移, 排除, 切除 | n. the act of removing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh that's an eye removal machine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]] | /tʃin/ | n. 下巴, 颏 | n. the protruding part of the lower jaw | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay. Dr. Miller: But your chin here.  Now, you'll feel a small puff of air in each eye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minor\|minor]] | /'mainә/ | n. 未成年人, 副修科目 | a. of lesser importance or stature or rank | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!  Dr. Mi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#infection\|infection]] | /in'fekʃәn/ | n. 传染, 影响, 传染病 | n. the pathological state resulting from the invasion of the body by pathogenic  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!  Dr. Mi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#continuity\|continuity]] | /.kɒnti'nju:iti/ | n. 连续性 | n. uninterrupted connection or union | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holdin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|fold]] | /fәuld/ | n. 折层, 折, 羊栏, 折痕, 信徒 | n. an angular or rounded shape made by folding | 1 | 12 | 9 | *I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holdin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nicely\|nicely]] | /'naisli/ | adv. 漂亮地, 谨慎地, 恰好地 | r. in a nice way | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holdin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sloppily\|sloppily]] | /'slɒpɪlɪ/ | adv. 马虎地, 草率地 | r. in a sloppy manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holdin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unlike\|unlike]] | /.ʌn'laik/ | a. 不像的, 不同的 | a. marked by dissimilarity | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holdin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paycheck\|paycheck]] | /'pei'tʃek/ | n. 付薪水的支票, 薪水 | n. a check issued in payment of wages or salary | 1 | 3 | 2 | *I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, le* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penny\|penny]] | /'peni/ | n. 便士, 一分, 小钱, 点滴 | n. a fractional monetary unit of Ireland and the United Kingdom; equal to one hu | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plot\|plot]] | /plɒt/ | n. 小块土地, 地区图, 图, 阴谋, 情节 | n. a secret scheme to do something (especially something underhand or illegal) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#millionaire\|millionaire]] | /.miljә'nєә/ | n. 百万富翁, 大富豪 | n. a person whose material wealth is valued at more than a million dollars | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heal\|heal]] | /hi:l/ | vi. 痊愈 | v. get healthy again | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, wait a minute! The puss is good! It means it's healing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hiney\|hiney]] | /hɪnɪ/ | n. 肛门（肛门的俚语，较粗俗，但也很流行。） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghost]] | /gәust/ | n. 鬼, 灵魂, 幻影, 一丝, 一点 | n. a mental representation of some haunting experience | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Do you believe in ghosts, yes or no?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sidewalk\|sidewalk]] | /'saidwɒ:k/ | n. 人行道 | n. walk consisting of a paved area for pedestrians; usually beside a street or r | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right!!  Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gel\|gel]] | /dʒel/ | n. 胶化体, 凝胶 | n. a colloid in a more solid form than a sol | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Okay, are you mad at me because my hair gel smells?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handwrite\|handwrite]] | /'hændrait/ | vt.<古>用手写 , 亲手写 | v write by hand | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#childlike\|childlike]] | /'tʃaillaik/ | a. 孩子似的, 天真烂漫的 | s. befitting a young child | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grammar\|grammar]] | /'græmә/ | n. 语法学, 入门书 | n. the branch of linguistics that deals with syntax and morphology (and sometime | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supervision\|supervision]] | /.sju:pә'viʒәn/ | n. 监督, 管理 | n. management by overseeing the performance or operation of a person or group | 1 | 2 | 2 | *That game should not be played without my supervision.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teddy\|teddy]] | /'tedi/ | n. 连衫衬裤；泰迪玩具熊 | n. plaything consisting of a child's toy bear (usually plush and stuffed with so | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freakishly\|freakishly]] | /'fri:kiʃli/ | adv. 反常地；见异思迁地 | r unpredictably | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh my God! You really are freakishly strong!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fortune\|fortune]] | /'fɒ:tʃәn/ | n. 财富, 运气, 兴隆, 大量财产, 好运, 命运 | n. a large amount of wealth or prosperity | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a fortune!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] | /'wudn/ | a. 木制的, 呆笨的, 木然的 | s. made or consisting of (entirely or in part) or employing wood | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flora\|flora]] | /'flɒ:rә/ | n. 植物群 | n all the plant life in a particular region or period | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What do you like better flora or fauna?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#simon\|simon]] | /'saimәn/ | n. 西蒙（男子名） | n. one of the twelve Apostles (first century) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mask\|mask]] | /mæsk/ | n. 面具, 假面具, 掩饰, 石膏面模 | n. a covering to disguise or conceal the face | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was borin* |
| cameron | /'kæmәrәn/ | n. 卡梅伦/隆（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was borin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaz\|diaz]] |  | n. 迪亚兹（男子名） | n Portuguese explorer who in 1488 was the first European to get round the Cape o | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was borin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stanley\|stanley]] | /'stænli/ | n. 斯坦利（男子名） | n. United States inventor who built a steam-powered automobile (1849-1918) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slight\|slight]] | /slait/ | n. 轻蔑, 怠慢 | v. pay no attention to, disrespect | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Umm, slight change of plans. We've shut down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#temporary\|temporary]] | /'tempәrәri/ | a. 暂时的, 临时的 | n a worker (especially in an office) hired on a temporary basis | 1 | 6 | 6 | *It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invest]] | /in'vest/ | vt. 投资, 花费, 笼罩, 授予 | v. make an investment | 1 | 7 | 5 | *I don't know. A week? Maybe two? The money will turn up! People will always wanna invest in movies! * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sushi\|sushi]] | /'su:ʃi/ | n. 寿司（生鱼片冷饭团） | n. rice (with raw fish) wrapped in seaweed | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell* |
| waitin |  | [网络] 林玮亭；我一直在等待 |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caesar\|caesar]] | /'si:zә/ | n. 恺撒, 暴君 | n. conqueror of Gaul and master of Italy (100-44 BC) | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Everybody smile!  Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific!  Kill m* |
