---
season: 6
episode: "24"
title: "The One With The Proposal"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E24 — The One With The Proposal

Part I Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan & Scott Silveri Part II Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen Parts I and II Transcribed by: Eric Aasen


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is showing Ross, Rachel, Joey, and Phoebe his engagement ring again.

**Ross:** God that is the most beautiful [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] ring ever!

**Rachel:** Yeah? Well, you should know. You’ve bought like a [[Friends-词汇总表#billion\|billion]] of ‘em.

**Ross:** Yeah, you didn’t get one.

**Chandler:** Okay, well tonight’s the big night.

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her?

**Chandler:** It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of the [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]] that she really loves; therefore knows how [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposing]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] I’m just gonna propose.

**Rachel:** Ohh…

**Joey:** That sounds perfect!

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Joey:** You’re gonna mess it up let me do it.

**Chandler:** I’m not gonna mess it up.

**Phoebe:** If she says no, can I have the ring?

**Chandler:** She’s not gonna say no.

**Phoebe:** If!

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

*(Monica’s entrance makes Phoebe try to hide the ring by putting it in her mouth.)*

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** *(with her mouthful)* Hi Monica.

*(Monica goes into her room.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Phoebe)* Give me it!

**Phoebe:** It’s gone.

**Chandler:** Phoebe!

*(She takes it out of her mouth and hands it to him as Monica returns from her room and this time forcing Chandler to put the ring in his mouth.)*

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** *(with his mouthful)* Hi Monica.

*(She goes into the bathroom.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Chandler)* We’re [[Friends-词汇总表#practically\|practically]] kissing. *(Makes a kissy face and winks at him.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Chandler, Phoebe, and Joey are there as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey Rach!

**Rachel:** Are any of you guys free tonight? My [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] is hosting this [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] event for [[Friends-词汇总表#underprivileged\|underprivileged]] kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?

**Chandler:** *(glaring at her)* Well, Monica and Chandler can’t go. We’re going to dinner remember?!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, I’m so sorry.

**Monica:** What’s the big deal?

**Chandler:** I just get mad when Rachel doesn’t remember where we’re going.

**Joey:** Where are you going?

*(Chandler stares at him.)*

**Rachel:** How about you guys? *(Points to Phoebe and Joey.)*

**Phoebe:** Open bar?

**Rachel:** I think so.

**Phoebe:** I can do that for the kids.

**Joey:** Hey, y’know what? I’ll come too. I’m making money now; it’s about time I give something back.

**Chandler:** Well, you could also give back the money you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me.

**Joey:** Okay. Have a benefit.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey! Ross, listen can you come to a [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] event tonight?

**Ross:** Oh no, I have plans with Elizabeth.

**Chandler:** Oh, so you’re already doing your part for the kids.

**Ross:** I’m sorry, it’s just one of my last nights together before she [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] for camp—to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#counselor\|counselor]]!

**Monica:** Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]], where is this relationship going?

**Chandler:** Wait a minute, all jokes [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]]? I didn’t agree to that!

**Monica:** Do you really see this as a long-term thing?

**Ross:** I don’t know.

**Phoebe:** Y’know, you are 12 years older than her.

**Ross:** Wait a minute, does-does everyone feel this way?

**All:** Yeah! Yeah, sort of. I’m sorry.

**Ross:** Uh-uh—Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a [[Friends-词汇总表#chronological\|chronological]] age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn’t really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I’m the one dating Elizabeth, not you!

**Joey:** That’s not what she said last night. *(Ross glares at him.)*

**Rachel:** See? Now, he could date her.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is practicing proposing.

**Chandler:** Will you marry me? Will you marry me? *(Makes like a gun with his fingers.)* Hey, you marry me! *(He gives up as Joey, Rachel, Phoebe, and Ross slink in all excited.)* What’s going on little [[Friends-词汇总表#elf\|elves]]?

**Joey:** It’s the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah you have the ring?

**Chandler:** Yeah, right here in my pocket. *(Pats his pocket. Phoebe smiles, goes over to hug him, and removes the ring from his pocket.)* Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Oh! Oop! *(Hands him back the ring.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she’s gonna know.

**Ross:** *(to the rest of them)* Yeah-yeah you guys. Get out of here!

*(Monica enters from the bedroom.)*

**Monica:** Hi guys.

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* You are beautiful.

**Monica:** Oh, thank you! *(The gang exhibits signs of quiet apprehension and wears knowing glances.)* *(Monica giggles.)* What’s going on?

**Rachel:** *(breaking up)* We’re just really…very excited about this [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] event that we have to go to.


> [!scene] Scene: The Charity Event, they’re holding a silent auction, Rachel is looking at one of the items and Phoebe walks up and hands her a glass of wine.

**Phoebe:** Here.

**Rachel:** Oh! Thank you!

**Phoebe:** So now what’s going on here?

**Rachel:** Uh well, uh this is a [[Friends-词汇总表#silent\|silent]] auction. They [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it.

**Phoebe:** No, I know what a [[Friends-词汇总表#silent\|silent]] is I meant, what’s going on with your hair?

**Rachel:** *(suddenly worried)* Uh, wh-why?

**Phoebe:** No! It’s nice!

*(Rachel’s boss, Mr. Thompson walks up.) Mr. Thompson: Nice to see you Rachel.*

**Rachel:** Oh, hi! Mr. Thompson: So glad you brought someone.

**Rachel:** Someone? I brought people. Mr. Thompson, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, this is Mr. Thompson. *(She introduces them.)* He’s the head of my department.

**Phoebe:** Oh, hi. *(They shake hands.)*

**Rachel:** And I also brought my friend Joey…

**Joey:** *(behind them)* Oh!! Shrimp [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]]! *(Walks right past the little group on his way for the shrimp toast.)*

**Rachel:** Well, y’know I-I don’t know where he is. Mr. Thompson: Well, I hope you’re gonna bid on some things Rachel.

**Rachel:** Well, y’know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] trip to Paris. Mr. Thompson: Ohh, nice choice.

**Rachel:** Yeah. Mr. Thompson: Good luck.

**Rachel:** Thank you. *(Mr. Thompson walks away and after he’s left.)* Okay,

*(writing her bid down) twenty dollars.*


> [!scene] Scene: Elizabeth’s Dorm Room, Ross is walking up to her door and knocks on it. Suddenly the door opens and Elizabeth drags him into the room.] {Transcriber’s Note: Elizabeth has two friends in the room with her who are named in the credits, but not in this scene. So I’m just gonna guess since it doesn’t matter one way or the other. (The last part is to discourage e-mails, who cares if I got it right or not?)}

**Zoe:** Shut the door! Shut the door!! *(Runs over and closes the door.)*

**Ross:** What’s-what’s going on?

**Elizabeth:** The guys across the hall are throwing water [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloons]] at us.

**Ross:** Oh, you have to call the police! That’s what I did to the kids in my building!

**Elizabeth:** No, it’s a water [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] fight! We started it!

**Ross:** Oh! *(Does a laugh/groan.)* Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it’s supposed to be excellent. The director is the same…

**Elizabeth:** *(ignoring him and picking up a pitcher)* Who drank all the Kamikazes?

**Sarah:** *(approaching with two filled balloons in her hands)* Nobody! We put them in here! *(Indicates the aforementioned balloons causing both of them to scream in delight and start drinking from the balloons.)*

**Elizabeth:** *(To Ross)* You want some?! *(Starts to squirt the Kamikaze at him.)*

**Ross:** No! Okay! Okay! *(Stops her.)* Okay, look, can I, can I just-just talk to you for a second?

**Elizabeth:** Yeah, sure.

**Ross:** Uh, so this play umm, what do you think? It’s-it’s gotten great reviews! Y’know the uh…

*(Suddenly the door opens and two guys come rushing in wielding water balloons.)*

**First Dorm Guy:** Attack!

*(They start lobbing the balloons in. Ross desperately tries to get out of the line of fire but is struck in the back. The girls all retreat to relative safety behind the couch.)*

**Second Dorm Guy:** Put your balloons down!

**The Girls:** You put your balloons down!!

**First Dorm Guy:** You put your balloons down!!

*(Both opposing camps start screaming at each other to drop their weapons and surrender. Finally, Ross steps in as a mediator.)*

**Ross:** *(screaming)* Everybody put their [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloons]] down!!! *(There is a temporary cease fire.)* Now this is a nice [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]]!! *(Shows everyone where he was hit.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Charity Event, Mr. Thompson is announcing the winners of the silent auction.] Mr. Thompson: Our next item is the romantic trip to Paris. (Pause.) It goes to Emil Alexander high a high bid of 2,300.

**Rachel:** Ugh! So close!

*(Phoebe returns a with a tray full of different kinds of drinks.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey you guys! Look!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** I got me some drinks!

**Rachel:** What are you doing?

**Phoebe:** Open bar!

**Rachel:** Well now it’s an [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] bar.

**Phoebe:** You just can’t stand anyone else enjoying themselves can’t you? Mr. Thompson: And finally, our [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] item of the night, the 22-foot [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]]’s day [[Friends-词汇总表#sailer\|sailer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sailboat\|sailboat]]. The winning bid was a [[Friends-词汇总表#whoop\|whooping]] $20,000! *(Joey suddenly gets excited.)*

**Joey:** I won! That was my guess!

**Rachel:** What?! What?! What?!

**Joey:** I guessed 20,000!

**Rachel:** Joey! It is an auction! You don’t guess, you buy!

**Joey:** What?! I don’t have 20,000! Mr. Thompson: Congratulations on your new boat, Joey Tribbiani!!

*(Everyone applauds and he stands up slowly.)*

**Rachel:** Joey! Sit down! *(Pulls him down.)*

**Phoebe:** Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts [[Friends-词汇总表#applaud\|applauding]] again. Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|waves]] and does a [[Friends-词汇总表#salute\|salute]].]


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Chandler are sitting at a table. Monica is checking her makeup as Chandler suddenly has a horrifying thought and starts patting down his pockets until he finds what he’s looking for and sighs in relief.

**Monica:** What are you doing?

**Chandler:** *(trying to cover up why his hand is over his heart)* One nation, under God. Indivisible with [[Friends-词汇总表#liberty\|liberty]] and justice for all. *(Laughs.)* I remembered it. *(It’s a butchered version of the Pledge of Allegiance of the United States for our foreign friends.)* The [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]] is here. *(The waiter is delivering it and pouring two glasses.)*

**Monica:** Are you okay?

**Chandler:** Yes! Yes! I’m good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything—are you—are you perrr-perfect?!

**Monica:** Yeah. I’m okay. I’m actually—I’m a little cold, can I have your [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]]?

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah. *(Starts to take it off and then realizes)* Uh, no you can’t have my [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]]! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should’ve brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?

**Monica:** *(laughs)* Are you sure you’re okay?

**Chandler:** Yes! I’m fine. In fact I’ve been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.

**Monica:** Ohh that’s sweet!

**Chandler:** Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] growing old with…

*(As he’s talking Monica notices someone familiar has just entered the restaurant. Let’s see; I seem to remember him driving a Ferrari in Hawaii solving crimes as a private investigator and as a certain eye doctor in more recent times.)*

**Monica:** *(interrupting him)* Oh my God!

**Chandler:** *(not knowing the true meaning of her exclamation)* I know, but just let me say it.

**Monica:** Oh my God, Richard. *(Yep, Richard’s back.)*

**Chandler:** What?! I’m Chandler! *(She nods towards the doorway, Chandler turns and looks)* Oh, that’s Richard!

**Monica:** Oh God, maybe he won’t see us. Richard!

*(Monica smiles then acts shocked. Chandler can’t believe she just did that.)*

**Richard:** *(approaching them with a woman in tow)* Monica! Chandler!

**Chandler:** Hey-hey, hey! *(Gets up and hugs him.)* I don’t know why I did that!

**Monica:** Hey, it’s good to see you!

**Richard:** You too, you let uh, your hair grow long.

**Monica:** Yeah—Oh that’s right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your [[Friends-词汇总表#mustache\|mustache]] back.

**Richard:** Well, my [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] got [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]].

**Chandler:** *(to Richard’s date)* And uh, you don’t have a [[Friends-词汇总表#mustache\|mustache]] which is good. *(She just smiles.)* I’m Chandler; I make jokes when I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]]. Richard’s Date: Hi, I’m Lisa.

**Chandler:** Hi.

**Richard:** Oh, I’m sorry. *(Introduces them.)* Lisa, *(nodding at each)* Monica, Chandler. We used to date.

**Chandler:** Richard! No one supposed to know about us! *(Richard just smiles at him.)* See I, did it again.

**Monica:** Chandler, wh-why don’t we sit down?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I’ll sit down. *(He slides back into his chair.)*

**Monica:** *(to Richard)* It’s good to see you Matire'd: *(to Richard)* You’re table’s ready [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Richard:** Oh. Good to see you guys.

**Chandler:** Yes. *(Thinking he’s gone.)* Matire'd: *(motioning to the empty table next to Monica and Chandler’s)* Or if you [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]], this table is available.

**Richard:** That might be fun. *(Richard and Lisa sit down.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Charity Event, Rachel, Phoebe, and Joey are sitting at their table.

**Rachel:** What were you thinking?!

**Joey:** I didn’t know it was an auction!

**Rachel:** Wh?!

**Joey:** I figured, take a guess, help a [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]], free boat!

**Rachel:** Why would a [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] give away a free boat?!

**Joey:** I don’t know! Charity?

**Rachel:** Ugh!

**Phoebe:** Well, just buy the damn boat! *(She’s still working her way through her tray of booze.)*

**Rachel:** Phoebe, don’t you think you’ve had enough to drink?

**Phoebe:** I’m just helping the kids!

**Rachel:** How is you drinking helping the kids?

**Phoebe:** Because the more I drink, the less there is for the kids to drink. Mr. Thompson: *(approaching)* Mr. Tribbiani.

**Joey:** Oh hi! Mr. Thompson: Your [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#contribution\|contribution]] brings us a big step [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] to building the youth center.

**Joey:** Just out of [[Friends-词汇总表#curiosity\|curiosity]], how-how much is that boat worth? Mr. Thompson: I think it was valued at 19,000

**Joey:** *(To Rachel)* Hey, I was pretty close. *(She just glares at him.)* Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can’t buy the boat, I don’t have any money.

*(Mr. Thompson looks shocked and at Rachel, she suddenly starts laughing.)*

**Rachel:** Joey! Joey, good one! *(Mr. Thompson starts to laugh.)* Mr. Thompson: That’s good. Very good! *(Walks away.)*

*(After he’s left, Rachel stops laughing and glares at Joey again.)*

**Joey:** So uh listen, I think I’m gonna take off now. *(Starts to get up.)*

**Rachel:** *(stopping him)* Hey! You…can’t…leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] is gonna kill me!

**Joey:** Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don’t have that kind of money!

**Rachel:** I know. Okay. *(Whispering and thinking.)* Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we’re gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest [[Friends-词汇总表#bidder\|bidder]], and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you’re just gonna pay the difference.

**Joey:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Joey:** Look, I don’t know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y’know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!

**Rachel:** Not great.


> [!scene] Scene: The Restaurant, Monica and Chandler’s and Richard and Lisa’s tables have been pushed together and they’re all eating and talking.

**Monica:** And so, we’re [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hiding]] in the bathroom.

**Richard:** And-and then I [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] out and before Monica can her parents come in.

**Monica:** So I [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] in the shower and the next thing you know they’re going at it right on the bathroom floor.

**Lisa:** *(laughing)* Oh my God! {Transcriber’s Note: For further reading on the above story, please check out The One Where Joey Moves Out.}

**Chandler:** I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.

*(An awkward silence ensues.)*

**Richard:** It’s so great seeing you guys again. I’d like to make a [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]]. *(Everyone raises their glasses)* Uh, as a [[Friends-词汇总表#poet\|poet]] once said, "In the [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetness\|sweetness]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]], let there be [[Friends-词汇总表#laughter\|laughter]] and sharing of [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasures]] for in the due of little things the heart finds it’s morning and is [[Friends-词汇总表#refresh\|refreshed]]."

**Monica:** Ohh.

**Chandler:** What?!

*(They all drink.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica and Chandler are returning to find Ross is there waiting for them.

**Ross:** Oh my God, you guys!! *(He’s excited about what he thought happened.)*

**Chandler:** *(stopping him from going any further)* Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bumped]] into at dinner!

**Ross:** Who?

**Chandler:** Richard!

**Ross:** What? *(Excited)* A-ohh! *(Realizes)* Ohh. Oh that’s right that’s right. That’s Richard’s favorite place too.

**Chandler:** Oh you knew that. Good!

**Monica:** I thought you were going out with Elizabeth.

**Ross:** Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] with a water [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] fight.

**Monica:** Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitments]] they just can’t get out of!

**Ross:** Y’know, maybe she is too young for me. Y’know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-[[Friends-词汇总表#sitter\|sitter]]. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don’t know what to do.

**Monica:** Why don’t you just [[Friends-词汇总表#weigh\|weigh]] out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that’s what I did when I first *(looks at Chandler and pauses)* [[Friends-词汇总表#weigh\|weighing]] stuff.

**Ross:** Okay umm, bad stuff. Well, I’m-I’m 12 years older than she is.

**Monica:** If the school finds out you’re fired.

**Ross:** Hmm.

**Monica:** She’s leaving for three months.

**Chandler:** For camp!

**Ross:** Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she’s-she’s sweet and pretty and…

**Monica:** Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? *(Ross pauses in consideration.)* Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn’t you?!

**Ross:** No! No! I…didn’t do that. It’s just… Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] no. I don’t, I don’t see a big future with her.

**Monica:** Okay well I think…that’s your answer.

**Ross:** I’ve got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part.

**Chandler:** Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] you may not get married at all this year!


> [!scene] Scene: The Charity Event, Rachel and Phoebe are sitting at the table as Joey approaches.

**Joey:** Rach! Rachel! Okay, the next highest [[Friends-词汇总表#bidder\|bidder]] is at table one.

**Rachel:** Oh great!

**Joey:** *(To Phoebe)* Oh and uh the guy who got the Paris trip is at table four.

**Phoebe:** Oh, okay.

**Rachel:** *(To Phoebe)* Why do you care about the guy who won the Paris trip?

**Phoebe:** It’s a trip for two! *(She gets up and takes off her blouse-type thingy she’s wearing over her dress.)* Excuse me. *(She walks over to table four.)* Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table?

**Emil Alexander:** That was me.

**Phoebe:** Oh, en [[Friends-词汇总表#chante\|chante]]. *(She holds out her hand for him to kiss it, but he only shakes it.)* {Transcriber’s Note: Please correct my French here.}


> [!scene] Cut to Joey and Rachel approaching table one.

**Joey:** Uhh, excuse me is there a Mr. Bowmont at this table? Mr. Bowmont: That’s me.

**Joey:** Ahh, yes. *(Pushes Rachel in front of himself so that she could do the talking.)*

**Rachel:** Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] day [[Friends-词汇总表#sailer\|sailer]] as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.

**Joey:** You-you have to pay that! It’s not just a guess.

**Rachel:** *(To Joey)* Okay. Okay. *(Shushes him.)* Mr. Bowmont: I was actually [[Friends-词汇总表#relieve\|relieved]] uh I didn’t win the boat. My wife would’ve killed me.

**Rachel:** Ohh…

**Joey:** Are you kidding me?! She’s gonna this boat!

**Rachel:** Y-Yeah! What-what is your wife’s name? Mr. Bowmont: It’s Pam.

**Rachel:** Pam! Oh God okay, just [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] this, "The Pam."

**Joey:** Aw-awww! Mr. Bowmont: I don’t think she’d like that.

**Rachel:** Okay, uh-uh [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] this, "The Mr. Bowmont."

**Joey:** Oooooh… Mr. Bowmont: I don’t think so [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]].

**Rachel:** Okay look, let me [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] you a little picture. *(She sits down next to him.)* All right, you are [[Friends-词汇总表#settin\|settin]]’ [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]] up the Hudson! You’ve got the wind in your h—*(sees that he’s bald)*—[[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]]! You-you get all that peace and [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] that you’ve always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go [[Friends-词汇总表#fishin\|fishin]]’! You can—ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]], and then when you’re old, Cappy. Mr. Bowmont: What the hell, it’s for a good cause! All right!

**Joey:** No way! It’s mine!!

**Rachel:** *(To Joey)* What?! What?!

**Joey:** All that stuff you just said? I want that!

**Rachel:** But Joey you don’t have $20,000!

**Joey:** Who cares?! I-I’ll make payments, whatever it takes, I want the Mr. Bowmont!!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is taking out the garbage as Phoebe and Joey enter. Phoebe gasps.

**Joey:** Oh my God, you’re back!

**Phoebe:** Ohh, let me see it! Let me see your hand! *(Chandler is frantically trying to wave them off.)*

**Monica:** Why do you want to see my hand?

**Phoebe:** I wanna see what’s in your hand. I wanna see the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]].

**Joey:** Yeah.

*(Chandler puts his face in his hands as Joey and Phoebe start to examine the trash.)*

**Phoebe:** Eww! Oh, it’s all [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]]. You should throw this out.

**Monica:** *(suspiciously)* Okay. *(Exits to carry out Phoebe’s wishes.)*

**Chandler:** *(after the door closes)* What did you guys just do?!

**Phoebe:** What happened?

**Chandler:** Richard was there so I couldn’t do it!

**Joey:** What?! Noooo… *(Phoebe gasps.)*

**Chandler:** I’m gonna do it tomorrow y’know, and-and surprise her, but now you’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]] it!

**Joey:** We didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] it!

**Chandler:** Who walks into a room and asks to see a person’s hands?!

**Phoebe:** Well, a palm reader, a [[Friends-词汇总表#manicurist\|manicurist]], a hand doctor…

**Joey:** Glove [[Friends-词汇总表#salesman\|salesman]]!

**Phoebe:** Good one! Yeah.

**Chandler:** This is terrible. What am I going to do?

**Phoebe:** Look, she only [[Friends-词汇总表#suspect\|suspects]] something okay? She doesn’t know for sure, so just throw her off the track.

**Chandler:** That’s right, I can throw her off. I can make her think [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] is the last thing on my mind.

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you’re scared of [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]]! Convince her that you’re a little [[Friends-词汇总表#coward\|coward]]!

**Chandler:** I can do that, I’ve had 30 years of practice.

**Joey:** Hey, being you is finally gonna pay off! *(They give each other fives.)*

**Monica:** *(entering)* I had to go all the way to the [[Friends-词汇总表#basement\|basement]] because some [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] keeps stuffing the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chute\|chute]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] boxes!

**Joey:** That guy’s still doing that?!

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey! *(Sees Monica, gasps, and runs over to her.)* Oh my God you’re here, let me see your hand!!

**Phoebe:** No, you’re too late!!! She already took out the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]]!!!


> [!scene] Scene: Outside of Elizabeth’s dormitory, Ross is exiting after breaking up with her and we can hear his thoughts.

**Ross:** *(in his head)* Wow! I have never had such a [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn’t seem too [[Friends-词汇总表#immature\|immature]] for me! Did I just make a huge [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]?

**Elizabeth:** *(sticking her head out her window)* Ross! Wait!

**Ross:** Elizabeth, thank God! I was just thinking about…

**Elizabeth:** You suck!!

**Ross:** What?!

*(She throws a water balloon at him and hits him on the head and hits him again at the waist with another one.)*

**Ross:** Okay, break-up’s still on!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is looking out the window and Joey is sitting on the couch.

**Chandler:** Okay, okay, here she comes! *(Sits on the couch next to him.)* How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn’t want to get married?

**Joey:** Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy. *(They both squint at each other.)* I never noticed that before.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hi guys!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Monica:** What are you up too?

**Chandler:** Oh, just hanging out, [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]]’ about uh, websites. *(Joey laughs.)* Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] and how totally [[Friends-词汇总表#unnecessary\|unnecessary]] it is and how its just a way for the government to keep [[Friends-词汇总表#tab\|tabs]] on you.

**Joey:** *(laughs)* Yeah, Big Brother.

**Monica:** Well that’s a little crazy. Although I am y’know glad to hear that you’re branching out on what you look at on the Internet.

**Chandler:** Yeah, well… Y’know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?

**Monica:** Why?! To [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] your relationship! To [[Friends-词汇总表#solidify\|solidify]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]]! To [[Friends-词汇总表#declare\|declare]] your love for one another to the world!

**Chandler:** Eh…

**Monica:** Okay well that’s good to know.

*(We hear the backup horn of a truck and see through the window that the Mr. Bowmont has arrived.)*

**Joey:** *(all excited)* The Mr. Bowmont’s here!!! *(Jumps over the back off the couch and runs out into the street.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s Restaurant’s kitchen, she’s cooking as a waitress sticks her head in.

**Waitress:** Hey Monica, there’s a customer who wants to [[Friends-词汇总表#complement\|complement]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]], should I let him in?

**Monica:** Sure, I love this part! *(Starts to look busy.)*

**Waitress:** *(to the customer)* Come on in.

*(The customer turns out to be…)*

**Richard:** Hi!

**Monica:** Richard!

**Richard:** Actually, I’m not here to [[Friends-词汇总表#complement\|complement]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]].

**Monica:** Ohh… Oh, that’s okay I hate when people come back to [[Friends-词汇总表#complement\|complement]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]]. Like I have nothing better to do! So what’s up?

**Richard:** Well, it was great seeing you the other night.

**Monica:** Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?

**Richard:** No! I came here to tell you something else. *(Pause)* I came here *(Pause)* to tell you I still love you.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s Restaurant, continued from earlier.

**Monica:** What uh—What did you—What?!

**Richard:** I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn’t even be here telling you this, I mean you’re with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he’s straight I’ll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn’t tell ya I’d [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the [[Friends-词汇总表#stupidest\|stupidest]] thing I ever did.

**Monica:** Y’know you’re really not supposed to be back here!

**Richard:** Well yeah, I’m sorry. I know this is the wrong time and the wrong place but I had to tell ya! I wanna spend my life with you. I wanna marry you. I wanna have kids with you.

**Monica:** Oh God… *(Starts looking around.)* Why don’t they put chairs back here?!

**Richard:** I know this is crazy but am I too late?

**Monica:** What the… Yes you’re too late! Where was all this three years ago?!

**Richard:** Well I know I was an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y’know after we had [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head!

**Monica:** What were you doing in Africa?

**Richard:** Working with [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] kids.

**Monica:** Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I… I’m sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.

**Richard:** Okay that’s fine, I’ll walk away. And I’ll never [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] you again, but only if you tell me Chandler’s willing to give you everything I am.

**Monica:** Well he is! Yeah, I mean [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] is all he talks about! My [[Friends-词汇总表#goodness\|goodness]], in fact, I’m the one that’s making him wait!

**Richard:** You are?

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Richard:** Why?

**Monica:** Why? Because of the government.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is bringing Phoebe some coffee.

**Rachel:** Isn’t it incredible?! Monica and Chandler, [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]]’ married.

**Phoebe:** I know, they’re gonna be so happy together.

**Rachel:** Ohh… I mean two best friends falling in love, how often does that happen?

**Phoebe:** Not that often!

**Rachel:** No! I’m so happy for them!

**Phoebe:** Me too! So happy for them!

**Rachel:** I’m so happy and not at all [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]].

**Phoebe:** Oh no! No God, definitely not [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]!

*(They both take a drink of coffee.)*

**Rachel:** I mean I’m probably 98% happy, maybe 2% [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]. And I mean what’s 2%? That’s nothing.

**Phoebe:** Totally. I’m like 90/10.

**Rachel:** Yeah me too.

*(Joey enters looking like Captain Stubing from the Love Boat.)*

**Joey:** Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?

**Rachel:** *(staring at him)* Wh—no, but y’know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.


> [!scene] Scene: A Pizza Joint, Chandler and Monica are eating lunch.

**Monica:** So that [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don’t really believe that do you?

**Chandler:** Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#concept\|concept]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#unnatural\|unnatural]]. I mean look at [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pigs]]. Let’s take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]] for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]], and that’s just an [[Friends-词汇总表#ordinary\|ordinary]] pig not even a pig that’s good at sports!

**Monica:** Yeah, but that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pigs]] not people!

**Chandler:** If [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] worked, I’d be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.

**Monica:** Wait a minute. Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] telling me that-that you may never want to get married?

**Chandler:** Well, never say never but y’know probably uh yeah, never.

**Monica:** Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!

**Chandler:** Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don’t you put down your copy of ‘The Rules’ huh [[Friends-词汇总表#mantrap\|mantrap]]?!

**Monica:** Y’know what?! I gotta go! Ugh!

*(She gets up and storms out. The people at the other tables are staring at Chandler.)*

**Chandler:** *(to them)* It’s okay, I got a plan.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are still talking.

**Rachel:** We’re gonna find love!

**Phoebe:** Definitely!

**Rachel:** Yeah, I’m pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#confident\|confident]] about that. That’s what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.

**Phoebe:** What do you mean?

**Rachel:** Well y’know, some people make deals with a friend, like if [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] of them are married by the time they’re 40, they marry each other.

**Phoebe:** You mean a [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]]?

**Rachel:** Exactly!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, yeah I got that.

**Rachel:** You do?

**Phoebe:** Hm-mmm.

**Rachel:** Who?

**Phoebe:** Joey.

**Rachel:** Joey?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Rachel:** Are you serious?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|locked]] him years ago!

**Rachel:** Wh… So… If [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] of you are married by the time you’re 40, you’re gonna marry Joey.

**Phoebe:** Yep, we [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shook]] on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#seal\|seal]] the deal.

**Rachel:** Oh, seriously?

**Phoebe:** Ohh, yeah. I think his [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] words were… *(She makes two clicking sounds with her tongue and purrs.)*

**Rachel:** Charming.

**Phoebe:** Well hey, it’s just a [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]].

**Rachel:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey, still looking like Captain Stubing, is practicing his slipknots as Monica enters.

**Joey:** Hey Monica!

**Monica:** Have you seen Rachel? Or a [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]]?

**Joey:** This is for my boat, pretty cool huh?

**Monica:** Yeah, it’s great.

**Joey:** Whoa-whoa, what’s the matter?! Talk to the [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]]!

**Monica:** I’m just having one of those days where you realize you’re in a dead-end relationship!

**Joey:** Chandler giving you a hard time huh?

**Monica:** It’s not like I want to get married tomorrow! It’s just that I-I’d like to believe that I’m in a relationship that’s actually going [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]], that I’m not just wasting my time!

**Joey:** Well, you know Chandler.

**Monica:** No I don’t know Chandler! Not anymore! It’s like it’s like something’s changed.

**Joey:** Maybe you changed?

**Monica:** I didn’t change!

**Joey:** Maybe that’s the problem.

**Monica:** What?!

**Joey:** Chandler is a complex [[Friends-词汇总表#fellow\|fellow]], one who is [[Friends-词汇总表#unlikely\|unlikely]] to take a wife.

**Monica:** Is that some kind of boat talk?

**Joey:** I don’t know! *(All excited)* I haven’t totally [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] how to talk on my boat yet.

**Monica:** What does he think? Does he think I’m just gonna wait around for nothing?

**Joey:** Monica face it, Chandler is against [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]. And-and always will be!

**Monica:** *(starts for the door)* Well there’s some people who do want to marry me.

**Joey:** There are?

**Monica:** Yeah! Richard!

**Joey:** R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! *(Monica nods yes.)* And-and Chandler’s [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]]’ ya how much he hates [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]?!

**Monica:** That’s right.

**Joey:** Chandler loves [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]!!

**Monica:** You just told me that he hates [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]! That-that he’s a-a complex [[Friends-词汇总表#fellow\|fellow]] who’s [[Friends-词汇总表#unlikely\|unlikely]] to take a wife! That-that he’s against marriage and always will be!

**Joey:** You got that from what I said?!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is watching a show about the extinction of the dinosaurs.

**Narrator:** When the Cretaceous period ended, the [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaurs]] were gone.

**Ross:** What happened you guys?

*(There’s a knock on the door, he shuts the TV off, and answers it.)*

**Ross:** Rach!

**Rachel:** Hey you!

**Ross:** Hey, come on in.

**Rachel:** Oh thank you. Hey y’know, I’m so sorry to hear about you and Elizabeth.

**Ross:** Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we’d be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn’t meant to be.

**Rachel:** Yeah, love. It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#tricky\|tricky]] business isn’t it?

**Ross:** I guess so.

**Rachel:** So what do you say we make a [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]]? If you and I are both single by the time we’re 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we’ve-we’ve already slept together so y’know there’ll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What’s that?!"

**Ross:** Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]].

**Rachel:** Exactly.

**Ross:** Ohh, yeah I already have one.

**Rachel:** What? Who?

**Ross:** Phoebe.

**Rachel:** Phoebe?! Wait a—but-but she just, she said that Joey was her [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]].

**Ross:** Ohh, I don’t think so.

**Rachel:** Ross! I just had a [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] with her, and she said that she and Joey made a deal!

**Ross:** That’s [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]]! I mean we have had a deal for years! We-we-we [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shook]] on it, although believe me she wanted to do a lot more than that.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is entering to find Joey, still looking like Captain Stubing, on the phone.

**Joey:** Where the hell have you been?!

**Chandler:** I was making a [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] phone with the professor.

**Joey:** Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!

**Chandler:** What?!

**Joey:** Yeah! Yeah, I’ve been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these *(lifts a leg)* damn boat [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] wouldn’t keep [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] off!

**Chandler:** My—Oh my God!

**Joey:** I know! They suck!!

**Chandler:** He’s not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I’m supposed to do that!

**Joey:** I know!

**Chandler:** Well what… Y’know what I’m gonna do? I’m gonna go over there; I’m gonna kick his ass! *(Pause)* Will you help me?!

**Joey:** Look, Chandler I don’t think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica!

**Chandler:** You’re right.

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Chandler:** Okay. *(Starts running for the bedroom)* I’m gonna get the ring! I’m gonna get the ring! *(Does so)* I’m gonna go find her and *(starts running for the door)* I’m just going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]!

**Joey:** Okay.

**Chandler:** Okay great.

**Joey:** Dude-dude-dude!

**Chandler:** What?!

**Joey:** Let me know about that [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] phone, it might great for the boat.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Richard’s Apartment, he’s smoking a cigar and reading a book as there is a knock on the door. He gets up and opens the door to reveal…

**Monica:** Hi.

**Richard:** Hi.

**Monica:** I don’t know why I’m here.

**Richard:** I didn’t ask. You wanna come in?

**Monica:** I don’t know.

**Richard:** Oh, okay. Well, I’ll just leave the door open and go sit on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. *(Does so.)*

**Monica:** *(entering)* Chandler is such an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]!

**Richard:** *(standing up quickly)* Drink?

**Monica:** Yeah, I’ll have a [[Friends-词汇总表#scotch\|scotch]]…

**Richard:** …on the rocks with a [[Friends-词汇总表#twist\|twist]]? I remember. *(Goes to make her drink.)*

**Monica:** *(moving over to the couch)* Still [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cigar\|cigars]]?

**Richard:** Uh, no! No! That’s…art! If it [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothers]] you I can put my art out.

**Monica:** No that’s, that’s okay.

**Richard:** So Monica let me ask you a question. Y’know, since we broke up do you ever, think about me?

**Monica:** Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago.

**Richard:** Oh really?

**Monica:** Yeah but it was because I-I had an eye [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exam]] and I don’t like my new eye doctor.

**Richard:** Who is it?

**Monica:** Edward Nevski?

**Richard:** Yeah he’s no good. Do you ever *(pause)* think about me in a *(pause)* non-eye doctor way?

**Monica:** No.

**Richard:** Ahh.

**Monica:** But getting over was the [[Friends-词汇总表#hardest\|hardest]] thing that I’ve ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you.

*(Richard mouths, "Wow!")*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is reading as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Phoebe! You picked Joey and Ross?! You can not have two [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backups]]!

**Phoebe:** Of course I can! It’s just good sense to [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]] your backup! Look, I’ve already lost Chandler!

**Rachel:** What?!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Joey:** Phoebe! We’re both *(points at Ross and himself)* your [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]]?!

**Ross:** Phoebe, how could you do this to me?!

**Phoebe:** I don’t—Look I don’t know what you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complaining]] about now? You were both [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] of the situation!

*(At the same time.)*

**Joey:** No we weren’t!

**Ross:** I was not!

**Phoebe:** Okay, this kind of back talk is not gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] when we’re married!

**Rachel:** Phoebe you can’t have both of them! You have to pick one!

**Joey:** Pick me!!

**Ross:** No! Pick me! I don’t want to end up an old [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]]!

**Phoebe:** All right well let’s see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat—This is hard!

**Joey:** This is crazy! Hey look, I wanna switch to Rachel!

**Ross:** Ooh, I wanna switch to Rachel too!

*(Rachel gets all happy.)*

**Phoebe:** No wait! Just—Okay—Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don’t make any [[Friends-词汇总表#rash\|rash]] decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.

**Rachel:** Oh God, Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** *(To Rachel)* I’m talking about [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massages]].

**Rachel:** Oh.

*(She turns her head away and when she’s not looking, Phoebe shakes her head and mouths, "No, I’m not." Both Joey and Ross smile, look at each other, and then stop smiling.)*

**Rachel:** Okay, y’know what?! I know-I know how to [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] this! All right here, this is what we’re gonna do! I’m gonna write Joey on one [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] *(does so)* and I’m gonna right Ross on the other [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] *(does so)* and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]]! Okay?

**Joey:** Okay that’s fair.

**Ross:** All right.

**Phoebe:** Good!

*(Rachel mixes them up in her hands, moves them all around, and puts her hands behind her back.)*

**Rachel:** Pick one.

**Phoebe:** Left! *(Rachel hands her the napkin in her left hand and they both unfold and read them.)* Thank you.

**Rachel:** You’re welcome.

**Phoebe:** *(reading)* Ross!

**Rachel:** *(reading)* Joey! *(Pause)* We should just switch.

**Phoebe:** Yeah absolutely! *(They both switch.)*

**Joey:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: Richard’s Apartment, Monica is looking around and notices an African mask hanging on the wall.

**Monica:** *(to the mask)* I missed you-you [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]], flat faced old freak!

**Richard:** Excuse me?

**Monica:** Oh! *(Laughs and points at the mask.)* Him.

**Richard:** Oh. *(Laughs.)* Whew!

**Monica:** I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up’s apartment! Y’know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!

**Richard:** Yeah! You’re saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a [[Friends-词汇总表#mustache\|mustache]].

**Monica:** Y’know, let’s face it, I’m not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]] sex over [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]], I don’t want that!

**Richard:** I think that’s fair.

**Monica:** Fair? Please don’t even talk to me about fair! Fair would’ve been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would’ve been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!

**Richard:** It’s okay! Shh! Hey. Hey. *(Hugs her)* Shhhh.

**Monica:** Nothing. *(She backs away a little bit but is still in his arms and looks up at his eyes.)* I don’t kn—Umm. I don’t know. Umm…

**Richard:** I know. *(Backs away.)*

**Monica:** Y’know, I-I… I have to figure…some st—Y’know, some stuff before I can…

**Richard:** Yeah, I understand. Take as much time as you want. *(Pause)* Ten, even [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] minutes if you need it. I’ll be here. Not [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]]. *(Monica leaves.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Richard’s Apartment, time lapse. Richard is smoking as he hears a knock on the door. He quickly puts out his cigar and opens the door.

**Richard:** Chandler.

**Chandler:** Where is she? I’m not scared of you! *(Averts his eyes and walks in.)*

**Richard:** She’s not here and please come in.

**Chandler:** *(examining the coffee table)* Scotch on the rocks, with a [[Friends-词汇总表#twist\|twist]], on a [[Friends-词汇总表#coaster\|coaster]]? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!

**Richard:** Okay, she was here, but she left.

**Chandler:** Well where did she go?

**Richard:** Well she said she had to think things over.

**Chandler:** Oh my God, I can’t believe this! Y’know, I thought…I thought you were a good guy.

**Richard:** Oh, hey look nothing happened.

**Chandler:** Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn’t tell my girlfriend that you love her?

**Richard:** Well all right, one thing happened?

**Chandler:** Y’know what? I can’t believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!

**Richard:** Well I’m sorry.

**Chandler:** And what does she have to think about? I love her!

**Richard:** Well, apparently I’m willing to offer her things that you are not.

**Chandler:** But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y’know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she’d be surprised!

**Richard:** Well if it helps, it worked very well.

**Chandler:** It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn’t fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]! *(Sits down heavily.)* I was gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] tonight.

**Richard:** You were gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]? *(Sits on the arm of the couch.)*

**Chandler:** Yeah I even *(pause)* got a ring. *(Puts in on the center cushion.)* Did you get a ring?

**Richard:** No I don’t have a ring! *(Pause)* You go get her Chandler. *(Pause)* And can I give you a piece of advice? If you do get her, don’t let her go. Trust me.

**Chandler:** Y’know Richard…you are a good guy.

**Richard:** I know. *(Pause)* I hate that!

*(Chandler gets up and runs out, but as soon as the door closes behind him he opens it, runs back in, picks up his ring Richard is holding up for him, and runs back out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Chandler is running up the stairs and towards his apartment, but Joey is taking out the garbage at the same time and stops him in the hall.

**Joey:** Dude!

**Chandler:** I can’t talk to you now, I gotta find Monica!

**Joey:** She’s gone.

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** She’s gone. She had a bag and she left.

**Chandler:** What are you talking about?

**Joey:** She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.

**Chandler:** Well why didn’t you stop her?! Why didn’t you just tell her it was a plan?!

**Joey:** I-I did! I told her everything, Chandler! But she wouldn’t believe me.

**Chandler:** Well where… Where did she go?

**Joey:** To her parent’s I think and she said you shouldn’t call her. But if I were you I would.

**Chandler:** I can’t believe I [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]] this.

**Joey:** I am so sorry man.

*(He walks dejectedly into his apartment to find it lit with about a thousand candles and Monica standing in the living room.)*

**Monica:** You wanted it to be a surprise.

*(He turns to look at Joey who smiles slyly and closes the door leaving them alone.)*

**Chandler:** Oh my God.

*(Monica gets down on one knee.)*

**Monica:** Chandler… In all my life… I never thought I would be so lucky.

*(Starting to cry.) As to…fall in love with my best…my best… There’s a reason why girls don’t do this!*

**Chandler:** Okay! *(He joins her on one knee)* Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought…

*(Starting to cry, pauses) Wait a minute, I-I can do this. (Pause) I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, (Pause) you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. (Starting to cry again.) And if you’ll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. (Pause as he gets out the ring.) Monica, will you marry me?*

**Monica:** Yes.

*(The crowd goes wild as he puts the ring on her finger. They hug and kiss this time as an engaged couple.)*

**Monica:** I knew you were likely to take a wife!

*(They hug again.)*

**Joey:** *(yelling through the door)* Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here!

**Monica:** Come in! Come in! *(Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.)* We’re [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]]!!!

*(Everyone screams and has a group hug.)*

**Rachel:** Ohhh, this is the least [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] I’ve ever been!

**Phoebe:** Oh no wait no, this is wrong! Ross isn’t here!

**Monica:** Oh…

**Rachel:** Oh hell, he’s done this three times! He knows what its about!

**Joey:** Yeah!

*(They all hug again.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, it’s just Monica and Chandler dancing to Wonderful Tonight on the Slowhand album by Eric Clapton. And you can buy that album from the CFSI, just click on the CDNow link.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 12 | 422 | 131 | *Will you marry me? Will you marry me?  Hey, you marry me!  What’s going on little elves?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 7 | 442 | 191 | *I won! That was my guess!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 5 | 235 | 141 | *Oh!  Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it’s suppo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 5 | 385 | 206 | *What happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 4 | 134 | 69 | *Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 4 | 170 | 116 | *Joey! Sit down!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 4 | 168 | 121 | *Phoebe, don’t you think you’ve had enough to drink?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 4 | 224 | 126 | *It’s a trip for two!  Excuse me.  Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 4 | 156 | 115 | *Eww! Oh, it’s all dirty. You should throw this out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 4 | 92 | 55 | *He’s not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I’m supposed to do that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 3 | 99 | 67 | *Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she’s gonna know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 3 | 182 | 101 | *I’ve got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 3 | 199 | 123 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 3 | 279 | 145 | *Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites.  Yeah, we saw this really interesting website abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *Well that’s a little crazy. Although I am y’know glad to hear that you’re branching out on what you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 2 | 66 | 50 | *You’re gonna mess it up let me do it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Well, Monica and Chandler can’t go. We’re going to dinner remember?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 2 | 116 | 69 | *It’s the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Oh, hi! Mr. Thompson: So glad you brought someone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 2 | 102 | 59 | *No, it’s a water balloon fight! We started it!* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 2 | 110 | 60 | *What?! I don’t have 20,000! Mr. Thompson: Congratulations on your new boat, Joey Tribbiani!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 2 | 75 | 55 | *Well, just buy the damn boat!* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Hey, I was pretty close.  Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can’t buy the boat, I don’t have any money.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 2 | 133 | 83 | *And so, we’re hiding in the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 2 | 68 | 52 | *Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become avail* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 2 | 73 | 55 | *Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you’re scared of commitment! Convince her that you’re a little co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 2 | 88 | 68 | *You suck!!* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I… I’m sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 2 | 96 | 75 | *Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 2 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *No I don’t know Chandler! Not anymore! It’s like it’s like something’s changed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 2 | 126 | 70 | *R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?!  And-and Chandler’s tellin’ ya how much he hates marriage?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up’s apartment! Y’know, I-I should be with a grown-up,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *We’re practically kissing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *I just get mad when Rachel doesn’t remember where we’re going.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *We’re just really…very excited about this charity event that we have to go to.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *You too, you let uh, your hair grow long.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Hey! You…can’t…leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Look, I don’t know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y’know? They should just watch TV after * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they’re going at it right on the bathroom floor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding me?! She’s gonna this boat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *No way! It’s mine!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Who cares?! I-I’ll make payments, whatever it takes, I want the Mr. Bowmont!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *This is terrible. What am I going to do?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites.  Yeah, we saw this really interesting website abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Well yeah, I’m sorry. I know this is the wrong time and the wrong place but I had to tell ya! I wann* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Isn’t it incredible?! Monica and Chandler, gettin’ married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s t* |

### 常用词（64）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 11 | 93 | 40 | *That’s right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] | /prә'pәuz/ | vt. 计划, 打算, 建议, 提议, 求(婚) | v. make a proposal, declare a plan for something | 4 | 33 | 17 | *It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a bottle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 4 | 48 | 31 | *I’m so happy and not at all jealous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 3 | 40 | 18 | *It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a bottle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 3 | 40 | 33 | *Yeah. I’m okay. I’m actually—I’m a little cold, can I have your jacket?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 3 | 58 | 40 | *Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn’t imagine growing old with…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 3 | 24 | 19 | *I wanna see what’s in your hand. I wanna see the trash.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 3 | 61 | 44 | *I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 3 | 56 | 27 | *Hey Monica, there’s a customer who wants to complement the chef, should I let him in?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]] | /ʃæm'pein/ | n. 香槟酒, 香槟酒色 | n. a white sparkling wine either produced in Champagne or resembling that produc | 2 | 19 | 13 | *It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a bottle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 2 | 78 | 41 | *Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] | /ә'said/ | n. 小声说的话, 旁白 | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the  | 2 | 18 | 15 | *Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 2 | 25 | 20 | *You just can’t stand anyone else enjoying themselves can’t you? Mr. Thompson: And finally, our bigge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] | /'ɒnistli/ | adv. 真诚地, 公正地 | r. (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the ca | 2 | 11 | 10 | *No! No! I…didn’t do that. It’s just… Okay, honestly no. I don’t, I don’t see a big future with her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#captain\|captain]] | /'kæptin/ | n. 船长, 指挥官, 海军上校, 首领 | n. an officer holding a rank below a major but above a lieutenant | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 2 | 62 | 46 | *I’m gonna do it tomorrow y’know, and-and surprise her, but now you’ve ruined it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 2 | 24 | 22 | *Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you’re scared of commitment! Convince her that you’re a little co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 2 | 18 | 14 | *Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you’re scared of commitment! Convince her that you’re a little co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 2 | 60 | 45 | *Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn’t seem too* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 2 | 92 | 47 | *Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y’know after we had lunch last * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 2 | 57 | 45 | *Well y’know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shake]] | /ʃeik/ | n. 摇动, 震动 | v. move or cause to move back and forth | 2 | 29 | 21 | *Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 2 | 69 | 27 | *Still smoking cigars?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] | /in'geidʒdmәnt/ | n. 诺言, 约会, 婚约, 交战 | n. employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited perio | 1 | 26 | 13 | *God that is the most beautiful engagement ring ever!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a bottle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a bottle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Uh-uh—Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? Yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *Well, y’know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris. Mr. Thompson: Ohh, nic* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 1 | 34 | 22 | *Everybody put their balloons down!!!  Now this is a nice suit!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Well now it’s an empty bar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 1 | 28 | 21 | *You just can’t stand anyone else enjoying themselves can’t you? Mr. Thompson: And finally, our bigge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoop\|whoop]] | /hwu:p/ | n. 大叫, 呐喊, 一点点 | n. a loud hooting cry of exultation or excitement | 1 | 11 | 10 | *You just can’t stand anyone else enjoying themselves can’t you? Mr. Thompson: And finally, our bigge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *What?! I don’t have 20,000! Mr. Thompson: Congratulations on your new boat, Joey Tribbiani!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wave\|wave]] | /weiv/ | n. 波, 波浪, 波动, 起伏, 高潮, 潮涌, 挥手致意, (气压)突变 | n. one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid (especial | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *Well, my nose got lonely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *And uh, you don’t have a mustache which is good.  I’m Chandler; I make jokes when I’m uncomfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *It’s good to see you Matire'd:  You’re table’s ready sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] | /pri'fә:/ | vt. 宁可, 较喜欢, 提出 | v. like better; value more highly | 1 | 15 | 15 | *Yes.  Matire'd:  Or if you prefer, this table is available.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] | /'dʒenәrәs/ | a. 慷慨的, 有雅量的, 大量的, 丰富的 | a. willing to give and share unstintingly | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Oh hi! Mr. Thompson: Your generous contribution brings us a big step closer to building the youth ce* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Oh hi! Mr. Thompson: Your generous contribution brings us a big step closer to building the youth ce* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *And so, we’re hiding in the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] | /sni:k/ | vi. 鬼鬼祟祟做事 | n. a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible | 1 | 15 | 14 | *And-and then I sneak out and before Monica can her parents come in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 1 | 18 | 14 | *It’s so great seeing you guys again. I’d like to make a toast.  Uh, as a poet once said, "In the swe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *It’s so great seeing you guys again. I’d like to make a toast.  Uh, as a poet once said, "In the swe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little busy with a water balloon fight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you’re not careful you may not get married at all* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Oooooh… Mr. Bowmont: I don’t think so dear.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] | /peint/ | n. 油漆, 颜料, 绘画作品, 涂漆 | n. a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a  | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] | /'kwaiәt/ | n. 安静, 闲适, 平静 | a. characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity | 1 | 19 | 16 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| eww |  | abbr. 墨西哥指数基金 |  | 1 | 23 | 17 | *Eww! Oh, it’s all dirty. You should throw this out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 1 | 38 | 28 | *Eww! Oh, it’s all dirty. You should throw this out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn’t seem too* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites.  Yeah, we saw this really interesting website abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one anot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] | /ri'gret/ | n. 遗憾, 后悔, 悔恨, 抱歉, 歉意 | v. feel sad about the loss or absence of | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn’t even be here telling you this, I mean you’re with * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Working with blind kids.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Okay that’s fine, I’ll walk away. And I’ll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Isn’t it incredible?! Monica and Chandler, gettin’ married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] | /'laiftaim/ | n. 一生, 终生 | n the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death) | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s t* |

### 低频词（68）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thompson\|thompson]] | /'tɔmpsn/ | n. 汤普森（姓） | n. United States classical archaeologist (born in Canada) noted for leading the  | 12 | 14 | 2 | *Oh, hi! Mr. Thompson: So glad you brought someone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowmont\|bowmont]] |  | [地名] 鲍蒙特 ( 美 ) |  | 11 | 11 | 1 | *Uhh, excuse me is there a Mr. Bowmont at this table? Mr. Bowmont: That’s me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]] | /'bækʌp/ | n. 倒车, 后退, 后援, 支持, 阻塞 | n. an accumulation caused by clogging or a stoppage | 8 | 18 | 7 | *You mean a backup?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] | /'tʃæriti/ | n. 慈悲, 博爱, 慈善团体, 施舍 | n. a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any pa | 6 | 42 | 9 | *Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]] | /pig/ | n. 猪, 猪肉, 贪婪的人, 猪一样的人 | n. a crude block of metal (lead or iron) poured from a smelting furnace | 4 | 19 | 9 | *Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mustache\|mustache]] | /'mʌstæʃ/ | n. 髭, 胡子 | n. an unshaved growth of hair on the upper lip | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah—Oh that’s right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back.* |
| pam | /pæm/ | [计] 脉冲幅度调制 | n. The knave of clubs. | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Y-Yeah! What-what is your wife’s name? Mr. Bowmont: It’s Pam.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complement\|complement]] | /'kɒmplimәnt/ | n. 补足物, 补语, 补数 | n. a word or phrase used to complete a grammatical construction | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Hey Monica, there’s a customer who wants to complement the chef, should I let him in?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silent\|silent]] | /'sailәnt/ | a. 沉默的, 安静的, 无声的, 静止的 | s. marked by absence of sound | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] | /bә'lu:n/ | n. 气球 | n. large tough nonrigid bag filled with gas or heated air | 2 | 12 | 8 | *The guys across the hall are throwing water balloons at us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sailer\|sailer]] | /'seilә/ | n. 帆船 | n. A sailor. | 2 | 2 | 1 | *You just can’t stand anyone else enjoying themselves can’t you? Mr. Thompson: And finally, our bigge* |
| lisa | /'li:zә, 'laizә/ | n. 丽莎（女子名） |  | 2 | 5 | 4 | *And uh, you don’t have a mustache which is good.  I’m Chandler; I make jokes when I’m uncomfortable.* |
| matire |  | [网络] 马德里 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *It’s good to see you Matire'd:  You’re table’s ready sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bidder\|bidder]] | /'bidә/ | n. 出价人, 投标人 | n. someone who makes an offer | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I know. Okay.  Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we’re gonna do, we are gonna go to the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#transcriber\|transcriber]] | /træns'kraibә/ | n. 抄写者, 誊写员, 抄录器, 信息转换器, 读数器 | n. someone who rewrites in a different script | 2 | 8 | 7 | *Oh my God! {Transcriber’s Note: For further reading on the above story, please check out The One Whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fellow\|fellow]] | /'felәu/ | n. 男人, 朋友, 同事 | n. a member of a learned society | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Chandler is a complex fellow, one who is unlikely to take a wife.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unlikely\|unlikely]] | /.ʌn'laikli/ | a. 不太可能的 | a. has little chance of being the case or coming about | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Chandler is a complex fellow, one who is unlikely to take a wife.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] | /'kәukәnәt/ | n. 椰子 | n. the edible white meat of a coconut; often shredded for use in e.g. cakes and  | 2 | 8 | 5 | *I was making a coconut phone with the professor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twist\|twist]] | /twist/ | n. 一扭, 扭曲, 曲折, 歪曲, 螺旋状, 新手法 | n. a jerky pulling movement | 2 | 8 | 6 | *…on the rocks with a twist? I remember.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] | /'næpkin/ | n. 餐巾, 餐巾纸, 尿布 | n. a small piece of table linen that is used to wipe the mouth and to cover the  | 2 | 12 | 9 | *Okay, y’know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we’re gonna do! I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#billion\|billion]] | /'biljәn/ | num. 十亿, 十亿个 | n. the number that is represented as a one followed by 12 zeros; in the United K | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah? Well, you should know. You’ve bought like a billion of ‘em.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practically\|practically]] | /'præktikli/ | adv. 几乎, 差不多, 事实上 | r. almost; nearly | 1 | 8 | 8 | *We’re practically kissing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underprivileged\|underprivileged]] | /'ʌndә'privilidʒd/ | a. 贫困的, 下层社会的, 被剥夺了正当权利的, 权益较他人为少的 | a. lacking the rights and advantages of other members of society | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#counselor\|counselor]] | /'kaunsәlә/ | n. 顾问, 参事, 法律顾问 | n. someone who gives advice about problems | 1 | 4 | 3 | *I’m sorry, it’s just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp—to be a counselor!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chronological\|chronological]] | /, krɔnә'lɔdʒikәl/ | a. 年代学的, 按时间顺序的, 按照年月顺序的 | a. relating to or arranged according to temporal order | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh-uh—Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? Yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elf\|elf]] | /elf/ | n. 小精灵, 矮人, 淘气鬼 | n. (folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Will you marry me? Will you marry me?  Hey, you marry me!  What’s going on little elves?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oop\|oop]] |  | [计] 面向对象的程序设计 | v. t. To bind with a thread or cord; to join; to unite. | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh! Oop!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shrimp\|shrimp]] | /ʃrimp/ | n. 虾, 小虾, 矮子 | n. small slender-bodied chiefly marine decapod crustaceans with a long tail and  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh!! Shrimp toast!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kamikaze\|kamikaze]] | /.kɑ:mi'kɑ:zi/ | n. 神风对队员；神风特攻队 | n. a fighter plane used for suicide missions by Japanese pilots in World War II | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Who drank all the Kamikazes?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sailboat\|sailboat]] | /'seilbәut/ | n. 帆船 | n. a small sailing vessel; usually with a single mast | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You just can’t stand anyone else enjoying themselves can’t you? Mr. Thompson: And finally, our bigge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#applaud\|applaud]] | /ә'plɒ:d/ | v. 拍手喝彩, 称赞, 赞同 | v. clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salute\|salute]] | /sә'lu:t/ | vi. 行礼, 致意, 问候, 放礼炮 | n. an act of honor or courteous recognition | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#indivisible\|indivisible]] | /.indi'vizәbl/ | a. 不能分割的, 除不尽的 | a. impossible of undergoing division | 1 | 1 | 1 | *One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all.  I remembered it.  The champagn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liberty\|liberty]] | /'libәli/ | n. 自由, 特权, 许可, 冒失 | n. freedom of choice | 1 | 8 | 7 | *One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all.  I remembered it.  The champagn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]] | /'lәunli/ | a. 孤单的, 孤寂的, 荒凉的 | s. marked by dejection from being alone | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Well, my nose got lonely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contribution\|contribution]] | /.kɒntri'bju:ʃәn/ | n. 捐助, 捐助之物, 贡献 | n. the part played by a person in bringing about a result | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh hi! Mr. Thompson: Your generous contribution brings us a big step closer to building the youth ce* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curiosity\|curiosity]] | /.kjuәri'ɒsiti/ | n. 好奇心, 新奇的事物, 珍品 | n. a state in which you want to learn more about something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Just out of curiosity, how-how much is that boat worth? Mr. Thompson: I think it was valued at 19,00* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poet\|poet]] | /'pәuit/ | n. 诗人 | n. a writer of poems (the term is usually reserved for writers of good poetry) | 1 | 3 | 2 | *It’s so great seeing you guys again. I’d like to make a toast.  Uh, as a poet once said, "In the swe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetness\|sweetness]] | /'swi:tnis/ | n. 甜蜜, 芳香, 美妙 | n. the property of tasting as if it contains sugar | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It’s so great seeing you guys again. I’d like to make a toast.  Uh, as a poet once said, "In the swe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laughter\|laughter]] | /'lɑ:ftә/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the activity of laughing; the manifestation of joy or mirth or scorn | 1 | 7 | 7 | *It’s so great seeing you guys again. I’d like to make a toast.  Uh, as a poet once said, "In the swe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refresh\|refresh]] | /ri'freʃ/ | vt. 使清新, 使恢复, 使生气蓬勃 | v. make (to feel) fresh | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s so great seeing you guys again. I’d like to make a toast.  Uh, as a poet once said, "In the swe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weigh\|weigh]] | /wei/ | vt. 称...重量, 衡量, 把...压弯, 考虑, 权衡, 起锚 | v. have a certain weight | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Why don’t you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chante\|chante]] |  | n. 【女名】女子名 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, en chante.  {Transcriber’s Note: Please correct my French here.}* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relieve\|relieve]] | /ri'li:v/ | vt. 减轻, 救济, 解除, 使免除, 换...的班, 使得到调剂, 使不单调, 衬托, 使显著 | v. provide physical relief, as from pain | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Okay. Okay.  Mr. Bowmont: I was actually relieved uh I didn’t win the boat. My wife would’ve killed * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#settin\|settin]] |  | n. (Settin)人名；(意)塞廷 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]] | /seil/ | n. 帆, 篷, 帆船, 航程, 帆状物 | n. a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is use | 1 | 10 | 5 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hudson\|hudson]] | /'hʌdsn/ | n. 哈得孙河 | n. a New York river; flows southward into New York Bay; explored by Henry Hudson | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fishin\|fishin]] |  | na. 集体进入禁区钓[捕]鱼示威 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cappy\|cappy]] | /'kæpi/ | a. 如帽般的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay look, let me paint you a little picture.  All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manicurist\|manicurist]] | /'mænikjurist/ | n. 修指甲师 | n. a beautician who cleans and trims and polishes the fingernails | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, a palm reader, a manicurist, a hand doctor…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glove\|glove]] | /glʌv/ | n. 手套 | n. handwear: covers the hand and wrist | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Glove salesman!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salesman\|salesman]] | /'seilzmәn/ | n. 售货员, 推销员 | n. a man salesperson | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Glove salesman!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suspect\|suspect]] | /sә'spekt/ | n. 被怀疑者, 嫌疑犯 | n. someone who is under suspicion | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn’t know for sure, so just throw her off the track.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coward\|coward]] | /'kauәd/ | n. 懦弱的人, 胆小的人 | n. a person who shows fear or timidity | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you’re scared of commitment! Convince her that you’re a little co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basement\|basement]] | /'beismәnt/ | n. 地下室, 墙脚 | n. the lowermost portion of a structure partly or wholly below ground level; oft | 1 | 9 | 5 | *I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chute\|chute]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 瀑布, 斜槽 | n. sloping channel through which things can descend | 1 | 6 | 4 | *I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#immature\|immature]] | /.imә'tjuә/ | a. 不成熟的, 未完全发育的, 粗糙的 | a. characteristic of a lack of maturity | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn’t seem too* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unnecessary\|unnecessary]] | /.ʌn'nesәsәri/ | a. 不必要的 | a. not necessary | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites.  Yeah, we saw this really interesting website abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tab\|tab]] | /tæb/ | n. 制表(键), 搭襻, 标号, 调整片, (易拉罐)拉环, 帐单, 标签, 制表符 | n. a short strip of material attached to or projecting from something in order t | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites.  Yeah, we saw this really interesting website abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#solidify\|solidify]] | /sә'lidifai/ | v. (使)凝固, (使)团结, 巩固 | v. make solid or more solid; cause to solidify | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one anot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#declare\|declare]] | /di'klєә/ | v. 宣布, 声明, 申报, 断言 | v. state emphatically and authoritatively | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one anot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupidest\|stupidest]] |  | a. 蠢的( stupid的最高级 ) | a lacking or marked by lack of intellectual acuity | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn’t even be here telling you this, I mean you’re with * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodness\|goodness]] | /'gudnis/ | n. 仁慈, 善良 | n that which is pleasing or valuable or useful | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I’m the one that’s ma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tennille\|tennille]] |  | [人名] 坦尼尔 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wh—no, but y’know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concept\|concept]] | /'kɒnsept/ | n. 观念, 概念 | n. an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unnatural\|unnatural]] | /.ʌn'næʃәrәl/ | a. 不自然的, 反常的, 不近人情的 | a. not in accordance with or determined by nature; contrary to nature | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]] | /meit/ | n. 配偶, 对手, 助手, (象棋)将死 | n. the officer below the master on a commercial ship | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ordinary\|ordinary]] | /'ɒ:dinәri/ | a. 平常的, 普通的, 平凡的 | n. a judge of a probate court | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s t* |
