---
season: 6
episode: "01"
title: "The One After Vegas"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E01 — The One After Vegas

*Written by: Adam Chase*


> [!scene] Scene: The Wedding Chapel, continued from last season. Chandler and Monica are about to get married.

**Chandler:** Okay! *(Stands up)* This is it! *(Claps his hands)* We're gonna get married!

**Monica:** Are you sure you wanna do this?

*(Suddenly the doors burst open, and ROSS AND RACHEL COME OUT ARM-IN-ARM!!!!! And Rachel's carrying a bouquet!!! THEY GOT MARRIED!!!!)*

**Ross:** Well, hello, Mrs. Ross! *(Throws some rice.)*

**Rachel:** Well, hello, Mr. Rachel! *(Throws some more rice.)*

*(They storm out into the street.)*

**Rachel:** Wait! *(Gets her bearings)* Okay!

*(She goes one way; he goes the other. The camera pans back to Chandler and Monica, and needless to say, they're standing there dumbstruck.)*

**Monica:** Whoa!

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Joey:** *(entering with Phoebe)* Come on Pheebs! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!

**Phoebe:** Okay! Okay! Okay! *(They run into the chapel.)*

*(Chandler and Monica are stunned again.)*

**Chandler:** Oh my God!! Is everybody getting married?!!

*(Phoebe and Joey run back out and head towards the street.)*

**Attendant:** *(scolding them)* N-No running in the [[Friends-词汇总表#chapel\|chapel]]!

**Phoebe:** *(to her)* Hey! Don’t you give me any of your—Hey! *(Sees Chandler and Monica standing there.)*

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Monica:** What are you guys doing here?

**Joey:** Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn’t that why you guys are here?

**Chandler:** Yes! Well that-yes.

**Monica:** Why else would we be here?

**Joey:** Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?

**Chandler:** We actually missed it.

**Phoebe:** Well, maybe you wouldn’t have had you *(turns to the attendant)* run in the [[Friends-词汇总表#chapel\|chapel]]!

**Monica:** This is [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]!

**Phoebe:** What’s the big deal, y’know? It’s not like it’s a real [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]].

**Chandler:** What?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, if you get married in Vegas, you’re only married in Vegas.

**Monica:** What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you’re married [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]].

**Phoebe:** *(shocked)* Really?!

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!—Eh! Well…


---

**Opening Credits {Transciber’s note: In case you haven’t heard, Courteney Cox got married to David Arquette during hiatus and changed her name to Courteney Cox Arquette. But David was a busy boy during the off season for not only did he marry but everyone else as well. For they’re all listed as Jennifer Aniston Arquette, Lisa Kudrow Arquette, in an interesting twist Matt LeBlanc Arquette, Matthew Perry Arquette, David Schwimmer Arquette, and even the creators of the show are now David Crane Arquette and Marta Kauffman Arquette. I just wonder what the new sleeping arrangements are…}**


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s hotel room, she’s waking up with a horrendous hangover.

**Rachel:** Ohhh! *(Looks in the mirror and sees that she still has her mustache and groans.)*

*(Suddenly, there’s movement beside her, startling her. It’s Ross! He wakes up and they both start screaming in terror. Then they both grab their heads having aggravated their hangovers.)*

**Ross:** Why are we in bed together?

**Rachel:** I don’t know. Do-do you have any clothes on?

**Ross:** *(checks)* Yeah.

**Rachel:** Really?!

**Ross:** No! But we-we didn’t have…sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don’t remember much about last night, it was such a [[Friends-词汇总表#blur\|blur]].

**Rachel:** Oh! I remember laughing! I laughed a lot.

**Ross:** And we didn’t have sex.

*(Rachel agrees with him and starts to get out of bed.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh, I mean, we were really drunk. I’m just glad we didn’t do anything stupid.

**Ross:** *(getting up)* Tell me about it. *(He sits up on the edge of the bed and has "Just Married" written on his back.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The breakfast buffet, Phoebe is already sitting at the table as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Mornin’ Pheebs. *(Sits down.)* Well, my movie has [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] been [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|canceled]].

**Phoebe:** Oh Joey, I’m so sorry. You want some of my breakfast?

**Joey:** Nah, I’m too [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressed]] to eat. I’ll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I’ll just [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] home with you guys, what time’s your flight?

**Phoebe:** What about my [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]]?

**Joey:** I don’t need that anymore.

**Phoebe:** No, Joey! You [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]]; you have to drive it back.

**Joey:** I don’t want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]].

*(Gets an idea.) Oh—ooh! How about you come with me?*

**Phoebe:** I don’t know, it’s such a long trip.

**Joey:** It’ll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like [[Friends-词汇总表#renew\|renew]] our [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]].

**Phoebe:** Are you asking me to have a frenaissance?

**Joey:** Sure?

**Phoebe:** All right. Although I don’t think we need one, I never stopped loving you.

*(Chandler and Monica enter.)*

**Chandler:** Hi!

**Joey:** Hey.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Chandler:** So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet?

**Phoebe:** Um-hmm, yeah. They left me a message; they should be here any minute.

**Joey:** Where is the [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]]?! I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#starve\|starving]]!

**Chandler:** It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#buffet\|buffet]] man.

**Joey:** Oh, here’s where I win all my money back! *(Gets up and heads for the buffet table with Chandler in tow.)*

**Chandler:** Listen, I gotta talk to you.

**Joey:** Sure! What’s up? *(He grabs a plate and proceeds to load it with a huge pile of scrambled eggs. Chandler just stares at him and Joey reluctantly gives him a spoonful.)*

**Chandler:** Monica and I almost got married last night.

**Joey:** Oh my God! That’s huge! *(Hugs him.)* Wait a minute, why come I wasn’t invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don’t say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."

**Chandler:** Look, I just don’t think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y’know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that [[Friends-词汇总表#chapel\|chapel]] was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y’know? And, how do I tell her without [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crushing]] her?

**Joey:** Oh! Tell her she’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] material.

**Chandler:** What?!

**Joey:** Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she’s anything like me, she’s just gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#relieve\|relieved]].


> [!scene] Pan to Monica and Phoebe having the same conversation.

**Monica:** How do I tell Chandler that it’s too soon. It’s gonna break his heart, he’s not gonna think that I don’t love him anymore.

**Phoebe:** Well you don’t.

**Monica:** Yes I do!

**Phoebe:** Good! Good! I was just testing you.

**Chandler:** *(returning with Joey)* Hi.

**Monica:** Oh hi! Hi! Y’know, we were just talking about [[Friends-词汇总表#bacon\|bacon]].

**Phoebe:** No, we were talking about [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]]. Tennis is more [[Friends-词汇总表#believable\|believable]].

*(Ross and Rachel enter.)*

**Ross:** Hey!

**The Girls:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

*(They both sit down and Rachel pours them both some coffee. They’re acting like nothing’s happened and everyone is just staring at them.)*

**Ross:** What?

**Chandler:** Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or…

**Rachel:** *(To Ross)* I don’t know. *(To the gang.)* What do you mean last night? Nothing, nothing uh, happened last night.

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh! Ross invited us all to watch.

*(Rachel turns to Ross stunned.)*

**Monica:** Rach! We weren’t gonna miss our friends getting married!

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Who got married?! *(Ross is as surprised to hear this as she is.)*

**Chandler:** *(not quite sure)* You did.

**Ross:** What?! Hello! We didn’t get married.

**Rachel:** No, we didn’t get married! That’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]!

*(They turn to look at each other and suddenly remember that they did in fact get married.)*

**Ross:** We-we-we—I remember being in a [[Friends-词汇总表#chapel\|chapel]].

**Rachel:** Oh my God.

**Ross:** I—They would not let us get married when we were that drunk!

**Rachel:** No!

**Joey:** They let you get married when you’re drunk! Most people who get married in Vegas are drunk!

**Phoebe:** Hell, I’m drunk right now! *(They all turn and look at her.)* What? I can’t have a [[Friends-词汇总表#mimosa\|mimosa]] with breakfast?! I’m on vacation!

**Monica:** What are you guys gonna do?

**Rachel:** Well, I guess we just find a divorce [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]]? *(Looks at Ross.)*

**Chandler:** Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one’s free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one’s free.

**Ross:** Laugh it up, but the joke’s on you. Because we don’t need to get divorced, okay? We we’re just gonna get an [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]].

**Joey:** An [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]]? Ross! I don’t think surgery’s the answer here.

**Phoebe:** Oh-oh, that’s your thing.

**Ross:** What?

**Phoebe:** You’re thing. You’re thing. Y’know? You’re the guy who gets divorced.

**All:** Oh yeah!

**Ross:** No-no, that’s-that’s not my thing! I do not love getting divorced!

**Phoebe:** Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you’re probably gonna marry it! Then it won’t work out and you’re gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. *(Pause)* I’m so drunk.


> [!scene] Scene: The casino floor, Chandler and Monica are walking through it.

**Monica:** So, what do you think we should do?

**Chandler:** I don’t know. But I-I-I know I love you!

**Monica:** I know I love you! *(They hug.)*

**Chandler:** So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriages]] thing? I love you.

**Monica:** That’s a good question. Look umm, last night we let the [[Friends-词汇总表#dice\|dice]] [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]]. Maybe we should leave it up to [[Friends-词汇总表#fate\|fate]] again. I love you!

**Chandler:** Yes, we don’t get married unless there’s a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] another eight *(motions to the craps table)* then there’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#definite\|definite]] sign that we should get married.

**Monica:** All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don’t get married.

**Chandler:** Sounds great.

**Monica:** Okay. *(They approach the craps table.)*

**Croupler:** Coming in, we got a [[Friends-词汇总表#shooter\|shooter]]! Money please.

**Monica:** Ready?

**Chandler:** Ready!

**Monica:** *(sarcastic)* Come on eight.

**Chandler:** *(deadpan)* Yes, yes eight.

*(Monica rolls the dice.)*

**Croupler:** Eight! Easy eight. *(She rolls a 3 and a 5 and they’re stunned.)*

**Monica:** Wow! I can’t believe I actually [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolled]] an eight.

**Chandler:** That was so [[Friends-词汇总表#unlikely\|unlikely]]. Well, let’s get married! I guess.

**Monica:** Wait a minute. That wasn’t a hard eight! Last night I [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolled]] a hard eight.

**Chandler:** That’s right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!

**Monica:** I wanted it so bad! *(Pause)* Wanna go pack?

**Chandler:** Yeah. *(They go pack.)* We’re doing the right thing, right?

**Monica:** Ohh, of course we are! *(They walk up to the elevators.)* We left it up to [[Friends-词汇总表#fate\|fate]]. *(Pushes the elevator button.)* If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign. *(The elevator door opens to a priest reading from a bible with Chandler and Monica standing side-by-side holding each other’s hands.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s cab, Phoebe and Joey are driving back. Phoebe is driving while Joey is sleeping.

**Phoebe:** Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them [[Friends-词汇总表#wisely\|wisely]]. *(Joey groans.)* Come on Joey! You can’t win if you don’t ask any *(sees that he’s asleep)* QUESTIONS!!!

**Joey:** *(wakes up)* What?!

**Phoebe:** Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We’ve been on the road six hours and you’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your [[Friends-词汇总表#punishment\|punishment]], you [[Friends-词汇总表#greedy\|greedy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeper\|sleeper]]!

**Joey:** All right. All right.

**Phoebe:** Yeah! And until then you are going to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] to me because the radio’s broken and you are [[Friends-词汇总表#selfish\|selfish]] but have a nice voice.

**Joey:** Really? I don’t…

**Phoebe:** Sing!!

**Joey:** *(starts singing)* I wanna rock and [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] all night! *(Falls asleep.)*


> [!scene] Time lapse, Phoebe is asleep, Joey’s driving and having a hard time staying awake.

**Joey:** *(to himself)* Man, this is a long drive! Are my eyes open? No! *(He opens his eyes and sees a hitchhiker.)*


> [!scene] Time lapse, Phoebe is still asleep only Joey is now passed out next to her and the car’s still moving. She wakes up, sees Joey, and screams.

**Hitchhiker:** *(driving)* Morning! *(Phoebe screams again.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is on the couch as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey, [[Friends-词汇总表#hubby\|hubby]]!

**Ross:** Yeah. Yeah, actually um, I wanted to talk to you about that whole [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]] thing?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh.

**Ross:** I’m not going to do that. *(Rachel glares at him.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier. Rachel starts laughing.

**Rachel:** Okay! So, we’ll just stay married.

**Ross:** Yes, exactly!

**Rachel:** And I will make everyone call me Mrs. Geller!

**Ross:** Wow! This is so amazing. I uh, I really thought I’d have to talk you into this more.

**Rachel:** Okay, see now I’m scared because I don’t actually think you’re kidding.

**Ross:** I’m-I’m not kidding. Look I-I, I can’t have three [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|failed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriages]]. I can’t. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!

**Rachel:** What-wh-what so we’ll just stay married [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]?!

**Ross:** Okay, look, how is this gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It’s right next to it!

**Rachel:** Ohh, okay, I’m sorry. You’re right. Y’know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you’re asking of me.

**Ross:** I’m asking you to do me a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]. {Note: Does anyone else want to [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] Ross right about now? Raise your hands. Okay, put them down before you [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] out the person next to you.}

**Rachel:** You are asking me to be your wife!

**Ross:** And as my wife I think you should grant me this [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]].


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway, Chandler is helping Monica to the door.

**Monica:** That kid really kicked me hard on the [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]].

**Chandler:** Well you did pull his hair.

**Monica:** He took my [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]]!

**Chandler:** I’m not getting into this again!

**Monica:** Okay! Oh God, y’know what? It’s really bad.

**Chandler:** Well, I told you not to walk. Here. *(Picks her up.)* There. Okay.

*(He opens the door, carries her across the threshold, stops, backs out, and lets go of Monica who is only holding on by his neck.)*

**Monica:** This doesn’t mean anything, does it?

**Chandler:** No!

**Monica:** Okay.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s cab, she’s driving, Joey’s in the back seat, and the hitchhiker is riding up front with Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** *(To Joey)* How could you pick up a [[Friends-词汇总表#hitchhiker\|hitchhiker]]?! He could be a rape—*(She holds her hand in front of the hitchhiker’s face)*, a [[Friends-词汇总表#rapist\|rapist]] or a [[Friends-词汇总表#killer\|killer]] or something!

**Joey:** Don’t you think I asked him that before he got in?!

**Phoebe:** Y’know what? I’m not talking to you! You go back to sleep! *(To the hitchhiker)* And you, are you a [[Friends-词汇总表#rapist\|rapist]]?!

**Hitchhiker:** No!

**Phoebe:** Do you like car games?

**Hitchhiker:** Yeah, y’know the license [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] game?

**Phoebe:** I love the license [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] game!

**Joey:** Ooh, I’ll play! I’ll play!

**Phoebe:** No-No! You need your sleep. Night-night! Shh! *(She closes the partition.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is entering.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Ross:** Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married. *(Rachel shakes her head.)* We register, and you get to keep all the presents!

**Rachel:** *(thinks about it for a second)* No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.

**Ross:** I don’t know if it’s true.

**Rachel:** Oh b-b-but it is!

**Ross:** Oh, okay, y’know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]...

**Rachel:** Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]!! This is the world’s [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hangover\|hangover]]! Ross, listen, if you do not get this [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]], I will!

**Ross:** All right. All right, I’ll do it.

**Rachel:** Thank you. *(He goes to leave.)* Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]] shower?

*(Ross turns and leaves.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s cab, it’s the same arrangement as before.

**Hitchhiker:** Wait! Wait! There is the [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] station!

**Phoebe:** Oh, okay.

**Hitchhiker:** This is where I get off. Well, I have your address and phone number.

**Phoebe:** And I have your name and the fact that you’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#drifter\|drifter]], so the ball’s pretty much in your court.

**Hitchhiker:** All right, see ya Pheebs. *(Gets out and Phoebe drives away.)*

**Joey:** Come on Pheebs! I can’t take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? *(Starts singing.)* Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing [[Friends-词汇总表#countdown\|countdown]], engines on. Take your protein [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pills]] and put your [[Friends-词汇总表#helmet\|helmet]] on!

**Phoebe:** Stop it! Stop it no! That’s not fair! Y’know I can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#resist\|resist]] that beautiful voice!

**Joey:** Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|deliver]]. But-but-but now I know that you think being [[Friends-词汇总表#awake\|awake]] is an important part of [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]]! So, so, so I will [[Friends-词汇总表#strive\|strive]] to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.

**Phoebe:** You can still sleep at night and stuff.

**Joey:** Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I’ve got a really good one! I’ve been thinking about it since Kansas.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Is it a kind of hot [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]?

**Joey:** Yes.

**Phoebe:** Is it a [[Friends-词汇总表#meatball\|meatball]] sub?

**Joey:** That is incredible! You are the master!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are there and Rachel is arranging a bouquet of flowers, pricks her finger on a thorn, throws the bouquet over her head, and those you who are quicker than some already know that Monica is the one who catches it.

**Rachel:** Huh, that’s funny. You look like you’re gonna be the…

**Monica:** No, don’t say it! Don’t even think it!

**Rachel:** All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your [[Friends-词汇总表#handful\|handful]]. *(Exits.)*

**Chandler:** All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y’know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.

**Monica:** I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] of the signs! It’s too fast, I’m happy the way things are!

**Chandler:** Me too!

**Monica:** I don’t want things to change! Do you?

**Chandler:** No!

**Monica:** All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]] because it’s been three days and it’s driving me [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]!

**Chandler:** Jeez, relax! It’s not like we’re mar-ah-ah!! *(Runs out.)*

**Chandler:** *(entering, slowly)* Y’know I was thinking, what if I uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]] here?

**Monica:** Then all your stuff would be here.

**Chandler:** Well, what if all my stuff was here?

**Monica:** Then you’d be going back and [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] all the time, I mean it doesn’t make any sense.

**Chandler:** Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I’m saying?

**Monica:** Live together? There have been no signs for that.

**Chandler:** Me asking is kind of a sign.

**Monica:** YES!!!!!!!!

**Chandler:** Okay!!!!!

*(And the crowd goes wild! Well, at least the live studio audience.)*

**Monica:** Yes! Okay! Okay! Wait-wait-wait!

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** Here’s your key *(Gets him one.)*

**Chandler:** Oh thanks.

**Monica:** Here’s your key. All right, you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#christen\|christen]] it! Now, go out and come back in!

**Chandler:** The door hasn’t been [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|locked]] in five years, but okay! *(Runs out.)* Ready?!

**Monica:** Ready!

*(He tries, but something happens.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] and I can’t get in!

**Monica:** Wait! Oh my God! I can’t get out!

**Chandler:** This is not a sign!

**Monica:** No, it’s not a sign! It’s a very old key!

**Chandler:** It’s an old key!

**Monica:** Oh my God it’s old!

**Chandler:** I love you!

**Monica:** I love you!

**Chandler:** Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hugging]] the door right now.

*(Pause)*

**Monica:** No.

**Chandler:** Yeah-yeah, me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel and Phoebe are on the couch as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey, so did everything go all right with the [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]]?

**Ross:** Oh, yeah, no problems. It’s all taken care of.

**Rachel:** Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?

**Ross:** Oh yeah, why not?

**Rachel:** Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** No thanks, I’ve already seen one.

**Rachel:** Okay, umm, I’m gonna get my [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]]. *(Walks away.)*

**Ross:** Okay. *(Sits down next to Phoebe.)* You uh, you wanna hear something weird?

**Phoebe:** Always.

**Ross:** I didn’t get the [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]].

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Ross:** We’re still married! Don’t tell Rachel. See you later. *(He gets up leaving Phoebe in shock.)* Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway, Joey is coming up the stairs and sees Chandler trying to open the lock.

**Joey:** What are you doing?

**Chandler:** The key’s stuck in the [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]].

**Joey:** I can fix it. Hold on. *(He goes and gets a screwdriver from his apartment)* Look out. Look out. *(Pries at the door a little bit.)*

**Chandler:** *(trying the handle)* It still doesn’t work.

**Joey:** I’m not finished.

**Chandler:** Oh.

*(Joey goes back into the apartment, runs back into the hallway, throws his shoulder against the door, and knocks it down off it’s hinges.)*

**Chandler:** Nice job Joe! You’re quite the [[Friends-词汇总表#craftsman\|craftsmen]].

*(Joey pats him on the stomach and heads to bed.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（32）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 29 | 422 | 131 | *Okay!  This is it!  We're gonna get married!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 6 | 168 | 121 | *Ohh, I mean, we were really drunk. I’m just glad we didn’t do anything stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 4 | 84 | 53 | *Well, I guess we just find a divorce lawyer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *Nah, I’m too depressed to eat. I’ll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I’ll just fly home wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 3 | 197 | 118 | *I don’t need that anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 3 | 217 | 129 | *Y’know what? I’m not talking to you! You go back to sleep!  And you, are you a rapist?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *Nah, I’m too depressed to eat. I’ll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I’ll just fly home wi* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 2 | 376 | 86 | *So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 2 | 84 | 58 | *Oh my God! That’s huge!  Wait a minute, why come I wasn’t invited? And who was going to be your best* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 2 | 115 | 81 | *Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We’ve been on the road six hours and you’ve been asleep for f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Okay, see now I’m scared because I don’t actually think you’re kidding.* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *I don’t know. Do-do you have any clothes on?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Oh! I remember laughing! I laughed a lot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Ohh, I mean, we were really drunk. I’m just glad we didn’t do anything stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Ohh, I mean, we were really drunk. I’m just glad we didn’t do anything stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Hell, I’m drunk right now!  What? I can’t have a mimosa with breakfast?! I’m on vacation!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Laugh it up, but the joke’s on you. Because we don’t need to get divorced, okay? We we’re just gonna* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Ohh, of course we are!  We left it up to fate.  If we were supposed to get married there would be a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Yes, exactly!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Wow! This is so amazing. I uh, I really thought I’d have to talk you into this more.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Okay, see now I’m scared because I don’t actually think you’re kidding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Ohh, okay, I’m sorry. You’re right. Y’know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Well you did pull his hair.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Thank you.  Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *That is incredible! You are the master!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Jeez, relax! It’s not like we’re mar-ah-ah!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Okay.  You uh, you wanna hear something weird?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *The key’s stuck in the lock.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *I’m not finished.* |

### 常用词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 4 | 33 | 25 | *Come on Pheebs! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 4 | 93 | 40 | *What’s the big deal, y’know? It’s not like it’s a real marriage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 2 | 32 | 26 | *This is insane!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 2 | 70 | 38 | *What about my cab?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 2 | 18 | 14 | *It’ll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 2 | 56 | 42 | *Yes, we don’t get married unless there’s a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight  then t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 2 | 75 | 45 | *Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio’s broken and you are selfish but * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 2 | 34 | 28 | *I’m asking you to do me a favor. {Note: Does anyone else want to smack Ross right about now? Raise y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] | /pleit/ | n. 碟, 盘子, 盆中物, 金属板, 图版, 金银餐具, 印版, 金属牌(照) | n. a sheet of metal or wood or glass or plastic | 2 | 49 | 19 | *Yeah, y’know the license plate game?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 2 | 35 | 29 | *Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can’t get in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 1 | 25 | 21 | *What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you’re married everywhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Mornin’ Pheebs.  Well, my movie has officially been canceled.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Mornin’ Pheebs.  Well, my movie has officially been canceled.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depress]] | /di'pres/ | vt. 使沮丧, 压低, 降低, 使萧条 | v. lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Nah, I’m too depressed to eat. I’ll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I’ll just fly home wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *Nah, I’m too depressed to eat. I’ll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I’ll just fly home wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *No, Joey! You borrowed my cab; you have to drive it back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Where is the waitress?! I’m starving!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Look, I just don’t think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y’know? I mean, I love her and e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *No, we didn’t get married! That’s ridiculous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Well, I guess we just find a divorce lawyer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *That’s a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to * |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *That’s right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We’ve been on the road six hours and you’ve been asleep for f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#selfish\|selfish]] | /'selfiʃ/ | a. 自私的, 利己主义的, 自我中心的 | a. concerned chiefly or only with yourself and your advantage to the exclusion o | 1 | 16 | 10 | *Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio’s broken and you are selfish but * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|fail]] | /feil/ | vi. 失败, 缺乏, 中断, 衰退, 失灵 | v. fail to do something; leave something undone | 1 | 14 | 10 | *I’m-I’m not kidding. Look I-I, I can’t have three failed marriages. I can’t. Okay? I-I am not gonna * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *What-wh-what so we’ll just stay married forever?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] | /im'preʃәn/ | n. 印象, 意念, 盖印, 印记, 印数, 底色, 效果 | n. a vague idea in which some confidence is placed | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Ohh, okay, I’m sorry. You’re right. Y’know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *I’m asking you to do me a favor. {Note: Does anyone else want to smack Ross right about now? Raise y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 1 | 20 | 15 | *I’m asking you to do me a favor. {Note: Does anyone else want to smack Ross right about now? Raise y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 1 | 67 | 27 | *That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]] | /snæk/ | n. 小吃, 点心, 快餐 | n a light informal meal | 1 | 12 | 12 | *He took my snack!* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *No-No! You need your sleep. Night-night! Shh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world’s worst hangover! Ross, li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Wait! Wait! There is the train station!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pill]] | /pil/ | n. 药丸, 弹丸, 屈辱, 胡说 | n. something that resembles a tablet of medicine in shape or size | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Come on Pheebs! I can’t take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh?  Ground control to Maj* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|deliver]] | /di'livә/ | vt. 递送, 陈述, 释放, 发表, 引渡, 投递, 交付 | v. deliver (a speech, oration, or idea) | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn’t deliver. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *Okay. Is it a kind of hot sandwich?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *I’m sick of the signs! It’s too fast, I’m happy the way things are!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jeez\|jeez]] | /dʒi:z/ | int. 呀 |  | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Jeez, relax! It’s not like we’re mar-ah-ah!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | adv. 往前, 以后, 向外 | n. a river in southern Scotland that flows eastward to the Firth of Forth | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Then you’d be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn’t make any sense.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Are you hugging the door right now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Yeah-yeah, me neither.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *Okay, umm, I’m gonna get my sweater.* |

### 低频词（41）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]] | /ә'nʌlmәnt/ | n. 废除, 取消 | n. (law) a formal termination (of a relationship or a judicial proceeding etc) | 7 | 20 | 3 | *Laugh it up, but the joke’s on you. Because we don’t need to get divorced, okay? We we’re just gonna* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chapel\|chapel]] | /'tʃæpәl/ | n. 小教堂, 礼拜式 | n. a place of worship that has its own altar | 4 | 4 | 1 | *N-No running in the chapel!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] | /'tenis/ | n. 网球 | n. a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back and for | 2 | 12 | 8 | *No, we were talking about tennis. Tennis is more believable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fate\|fate]] | /feit/ | n. 命运, 运气 | n an event (or a course of events) that will inevitably happen in the future | 2 | 6 | 3 | *That’s a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rapist\|rapist]] | /'reipist/ | n. 强奸犯 | n someone who forces another to have sexual intercourse | 2 | 2 | 1 | *How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape—, a rapist or a killer or something!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awake\|awake]] | /ә'weik/ | a. 醒着的 | a. not in a state of sleep; completely conscious | 2 | 15 | 9 | *Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn’t deliver. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]] | /.ʌn'pæk/ | vt. 从包裹中取出, 卸下, 打开 | v. remove from its packing | 2 | 9 | 7 | *All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blur\|blur]] | /blә:/ | vt. 使模糊, 弄脏 | n. a hazy or indistinct representation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No! But we-we didn’t have…sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don’t remember much about last night, it was suc* |
| mornin |  | [网络] 晨光；晨曲；晨艳 |  | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Mornin’ Pheebs.  Well, my movie has officially been canceled.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]] | /'lәunli/ | a. 孤单的, 孤寂的, 荒凉的 | s. marked by dejection from being alone | 1 | 9 | 9 | *I don’t want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#renew\|renew]] | /ri'nju:/ | vt. 使更新, 使恢复, 复兴, 修补, 补充, 继续, 重订, 重申, 续借 | v reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’ll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#starve\|starve]] | /stɑ:v/ | v. (使)饿死, (使)挨饿 | v. be hungry; go without food | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Where is the waitress?! I’m starving!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buffet\|buffet]] | /'bʌfit/ | n. 自助餐, 小卖部, 碗橱, 殴打, 冲击 | n. a piece of furniture that stands at the side of a dining room; has shelves an | 1 | 5 | 5 | *It’s a buffet man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relieve\|relieve]] | /ri'li:v/ | vt. 减轻, 救济, 解除, 使免除, 换...的班, 使得到调剂, 使不单调, 衬托, 使显著 | v. provide physical relief, as from pain | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she’s anything like me, she’s just gonna be reli* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bacon\|bacon]] | /'beikәn/ | n. 熏猪肉 | n. back and sides of a hog salted and dried or smoked; usually sliced thin and f | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh hi! Hi! Y’know, we were just talking about bacon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#believable\|believable]] | /bi'li:vәbl/ | a. 可信的 | a capable of being believed | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, we were talking about tennis. Tennis is more believable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mimosa\|mimosa]] | /mi'mәusә/ | n. 含羞草 | n. any of various tropical shrubs or trees of the genus Mimosa having usually ye | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hell, I’m drunk right now!  What? I can’t have a mimosa with breakfast?! I’m on vacation!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dice\|dice]] | /dais/ | n. 骰子 | v. play dice | 1 | 9 | 3 | *That’s a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definite\|definite]] | /'definit/ | a. 明确的, 一定的 | a. precise; explicit and clearly defined | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yes, we don’t get married unless there’s a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight  then t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shooter\|shooter]] | /'ʃu:tә/ | n. 射手, 狩猎者, 手枪 | n. a gambler who throws dice in the game of craps | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Coming in, we got a shooter! Money please.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unlikely\|unlikely]] | /.ʌn'laikli/ | a. 不太可能的 | a. has little chance of being the case or coming about | 1 | 3 | 2 | *That was so unlikely. Well, let’s get married! I guess.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wisely\|wisely]] | /'waizli/ | adv. 聪明地, 精明地 | r. in a wise manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely.  Come on Joey! You can’t win if you don’t ask any* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punishment\|punishment]] | /'pʌniʃmәnt/ | n. 处罚, 刑罚, 惩罚 | n. the act of punishing | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We’ve been on the road six hours and you’ve been asleep for f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greedy\|greedy]] | /'gri:di/ | a. 贪婪的, 贪得的, 贪吃的 | s. wanting to eat or drink more than one can reasonably consume | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We’ve been on the road six hours and you’ve been asleep for f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleeper\|sleeper]] | /'sli:pә/ | n. 睡眠者, 枕木, 卧铺 | n. a rester who is sleeping | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We’ve been on the road six hours and you’ve been asleep for f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hubby\|hubby]] | /'hʌbi/ | n. 丈夫 | n a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, hubby!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] | /ә'fekt/ | vt. 影响, 感动, 假装, 模仿, 爱好, 倾向于 | n. the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smack\|smack]] | /smæk/ | n. 风味, 滋味, 少量, 拍击声, 咂嘴声, 小渔船, 海洛因 | n. a sailing ship (usually rigged like a sloop or cutter) used in fishing and sa | 1 | 8 | 7 | *I’m asking you to do me a favor. {Note: Does anyone else want to smack Ross right about now? Raise y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hitchhiker\|hitchhiker]] | /'hitʃ'haikә/ | n. 搭便车的旅行者 | n. a person who travels by getting free rides from passing vehicles | 1 | 1 | 1 | *How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape—, a rapist or a killer or something!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#killer\|killer]] | /'kilә/ | n. (非正式)杀人者, 屠杀者, 猛兽, 致死(疾病), 杀手, 止痛药, 限制器, 瞄准器 | n. someone who causes the death of a person or animal | 1 | 5 | 5 | *How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape—, a rapist or a killer or something!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hangover\|hangover]] | /'hæŋәuvә/ | n. 宿醉, 残留物, 遗物 | n. disagreeable aftereffects from the use of drugs (especially alcohol) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world’s worst hangover! Ross, li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drifter\|drifter]] | /'driftә/ | n. 漂流者, 漂流物, 漂网渔船 | n a wanderer who has no established residence or visible means of support | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And I have your name and the fact that you’re a drifter, so the ball’s pretty much in your court.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commence\|commence]] | /kә'mens/ | v. (使)开始, 得学位 | v take the first step or steps in carrying out an action | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Come on Pheebs! I can’t take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh?  Ground control to Maj* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#countdown\|countdown]] | /'kauntdaun/ | n. 倒计数 | n. counting backward from an arbitrary number to indicate the time remaining bef | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Come on Pheebs! I can’t take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh?  Ground control to Maj* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helmet\|helmet]] | /'helmit/ | n. 钢盔, 盔, 防护帽 | n. armor plate that protects the head | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Come on Pheebs! I can’t take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh?  Ground control to Maj* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resist\|resist]] | /ri'zist/ | v. 抵抗, 耐得住, 抵制, 反抗 | v. stand up or offer resistance to somebody or something | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Stop it! Stop it no! That’s not fair! Y’know I can’t resist that beautiful voice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strive\|strive]] | /straiv/ | vi. 努力, 奋斗, 斗争 | v. to exert much effort or energy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn’t deliver. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meatball\|meatball]] | /'mi:tbɒ:l/ | n. 肉团, 愚蠢, 飞机降落目标 | n. ground meat formed into a ball and fried or simmered in broth | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Is it a meatball sub?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handful\|handful]] | /'hændful/ | n. 少数, 一把, 棘手事 | n. a small number or amount | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#christen\|christen]] | /'krisәn/ | vt. 为...施洗礼, 命名 | v administer baptism to | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Here’s your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#craftsman\|craftsman]] | /'kræftsmәn/ | n. 工匠, 技工, 手艺人 | n. a professional whose work is consistently of high quality | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nice job Joe! You’re quite the craftsmen.* |
