---
season: 6
episode: "22"
title: "The One Where Paul&#146;s The Man"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E22 — The One Where Paul&#146;s The Man

*Teleplay by: Sherry Bilsing & Ellen Plummer*

*Story by: Brian Caldirola*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel, Chandler, Monica, and Joey are there as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** *(dejected)* Hi, you guys.

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hi!

**Rachel:** What’s the matter?

**Phoebe:** Well it’s just—it’s one of those situations that I just hate. Y’know? A [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] client gave me three [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] to the Helmet-Pelts [[Friends-词汇总表#exhibit\|exhibit]] at the Morgan Chase museum.

**Joey:** *(nodding knowingly)* Now you’re thinking you gotta sleep with him.

**Phoebe:** No! No! It’s just that he gave me three [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] and there are six of us!

**Chandler:** I’ll give up my [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]].

**Joey:** Me too.

**Phoebe:** Okay that’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]]!

**Chandler:** And I think Ross is [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] too.

**Phoebe:** Great! Okay then it’s just us girls! Monica and Rachel: *(less than enthused)* Great.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** So what-what is the [[Friends-词汇总表#exhibit\|exhibit]].

**Phoebe:** It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] just [[Friends-词汇总表#photograph\|photographs]] of lesbian love scenes [[Friends-词汇总表#intersperse\|interspersed]] with video games and free [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwiches]].

**Joey:** Oh man! *(Hits Chandler)*

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] museum this weekend!

**Ross:** Thanks? But I have plans; Elizabeth and I are going out of town.

**Monica:** Oh that’s great!

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Monica:** I mean think about all the money that you’re gonna make!

**Ross:** Why? What?

**Monica:** Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?

**Ross:** No, no, that’s funny. But maybe it’s time to move on, let it go, y’know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth’s father, so ah, he’s much older than she is. Looks like I’m not the only one interested in [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossils]], huh?

**Rachel:** I mean Ross all that does is [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] us that you are interested in [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossils]].

**Ross:** Okay, okay. Uh, well uh, Rachel is going to need to [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] sweet nothings

*(Paul enters) in his ear.*

*(And walks up right behind Ross, and standard sitcom joke 2B follows with the person being insulted standing right behind the person doing the insulting while the rest of the people become frightened and try to warn the insulter about the insultee’s presence.)*

**Chandler:** Ross.

**Ross:** Oh, come on you guys; that’s funny! Y’know? Because he’s need—he’s got like a hearing [[Friends-词汇总表#aide\|aide]] y’know, ‘cause-‘cause y’know, ‘cause he’s all old, and…

*(Paul reveals his presence by laughing, thus concluding standard sitcom joke 2B. Paul then pulls Ross aside to have a little chat with him and tells the rest of the group that he’ll just be one second.)*

**Paul:** Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to accept the fact that you’re going out with her.

**Ross:** Really? That okay, that’s great.

**Paul:** Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I’m funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I’m telling you, I don’t want you seeing my [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] anymore.

**Ross:** All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.

**Paul:** Yes it does.

**Ross:** But, Elizabeth and I are-are both adults and so I don’t think there’s really anything you can do about it.

**Paul:** I’ll call the university and tell them about your relationship and have you fired.

**Ross:** Ohh! A man with a plan!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: A Dry Cleaners, Joey is there with Phoebe and is trying to get his picture put back amongst the other celebrities hanging on the walls.

**Phoebe:** Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of [[Friends-词汇总表#fame\|fame]]! Eek!

**Joey:** I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up about something… Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he’s just laughing at me. Look at him, that [[Friends-词汇总表#smug\|smug]] Belushi [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]], I’ll…

**Phoebe:** *(gasps)* Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]] at me. *(Giggles)* Yeah I know; we’d be great together!

*(The dry cleaner finishes with the customer in front of Joey and they approach the counter.)*

**Joey:** Hey! So I’m back.

**The Dry Cleaner:** Who are you?

**Joey:** Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! *(The dry cleaner doesn’t remember)* Okay, maybe this will [[Friends-词汇总表#jog\|jog]] your memory, huh? *(Holds his picture up in front of his face.)* Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I’m ready to go back up on the wall I’m the star of a new TV show.

**The Dry Cleaner:** *(picking up a TV Guide)* Show me in the table.

**Joey:** Oh well, it’s not on TV yet.

**The Dry Cleaner:** Well, then it’s not on the wall yet.

**Joey:** Okay, fine, I will bring you a [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]], huh? *(Walks away)*

**Phoebe:** So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer’s clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven’t been cleaned yet?

*(The dry cleaner just stares at her and she retreats.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Morgan Chase Museum, the girls are entering.

**Monica:** Oh, I love museums!

**Rachel:** Umm.

**Monica:** Soakin’ up all the culture.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Where do you want to start?

**Rachel:** Ooh, the gift shop!

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** Hey, and then [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Rachel:** Oh, wait yes, but I can’t eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a big surprise planned.

**Phoebe:** Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he’s gonna tell you that he’s gay?

**Rachel:** What?! No! Why?!

**Phoebe:** No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?

*(A museum official enters with another man and woman.)*

**The Museum Official:** *(to the couple)* You can put the aisle over here *(points)*, and put the wedding ceremony right over here. *(Points.)*

**Rachel:** I didn’t know you could get married here.

**Monica:** This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn’t put the [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] there and I would never have the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] there!

*(Points to both places.) I mean you’d have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch. (The arch at the entrance to the room.)*

**The Museum Official:** *(To Monica)* May I help you?

**Rachel:** Oh sorry didn’t mean to [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]]. It’s just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?

**The Museum Official:** Yes. We’re very popular. There’s a two-year waiting list. Sorry! *(She kinda storms out with the couple.)*

**Rachel:** Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list

**Monica:** What?! Are you crazy?! I’m not getting married! I’m not even [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but there’s a two-year wait. And then what if you get [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That’s four years. Chandler’s not gonna wait that long. He’s gonna find somebody else, y’know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list. *(Rachel agrees.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah [[Friends-词汇总表#hon\|hon]], it can’t hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] you just don’t use it.

**Monica:** Well, I mean I guess there is no [[Friends-词汇总表#harm\|harm]] in putting my name down.

**Rachel:** I’m gonna do it too!

**Phoebe:** Me too!

**Rachel:** Really? Who would, who would you marry?

**Phoebe:** I don’t know, I don’t have anyone right now. Y’know?

**Rachel:** Oh Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** Don’t feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn’t gay.

**Monica:** Phoebe, that stuff is…

**Phoebe:** Don’t even get me started on yours!


> [!scene] Scene: The Dry Cleaners, Joey is trying to get his picture up again.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey! So, did you watch the [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] of my show?

**The Dry Cleaner:** I did.

**Joey:** All right, let’s get me back up there! *(Holds out his picture.)*

**The Dry Cleaner:** No! It don’t go up on the wall!

**Joey:** What—But you saw the show!

**The Dry Cleaner:** Yes, it was very offensive to my people!

**Joey:** Dry [[Friends-词汇总表#cleaner\|cleaners]]?

**The Dry Cleaner:** Russians! It showed them as terrorists and villains!

**Joey:** Okay! Okay, look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!

**The Dry Cleaner:** That’s right. Mr. Ford is a very good customer, he brings us a lot of clothes; you bring us nothing!

**Joey:** Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were [[Friends-词汇总表#terrorist\|terrorists]]! And [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]]! And plus he kills a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of them! That-that-that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#offensive\|offensive]] to Russians.

**The Dry Cleaner:** I’ve never seen it!

**Joey:** Oh you should, it’s great.

*(The Dry Cleaner stares at him and Joey retreats.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Cabin in the Woods, Elizabeth is giving Ross a tour.

**Ross:** This place is really beautiful!

**Elizabeth:** Yeah, I’ve been coming here since I was a kid. This used to be my Grandma’s.

**Ross:** Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual [[Friends-词汇总表#eyeball\|eyeballs]], but, but people say that my eyes—Do-do you want to make out?

**Elizabeth:** Sure!

*(They fall to the couch and start to make out, but Ross stops suddenly.)*

**Elizabeth:** Are you okay? What’s wrong?

**Ross:** Ehh, I was just, I was just thinking about your father.

**Elizabeth:** Well, whatever works for ya…

**Ross:** No. No-no uh, he just, he just really freaked me out before.

**Elizabeth:** Oh. Well, so we have to [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] our relationship from one more person. Big deal. Besides, it’s kinda fun hiding.

**Ross:** Yeah.

*(They start making out again.)*

**Elizabeth:** *(quietly)* Hey umm, you brought protection right?

**Ross:** *(loudly)* Why?! Are there like bears or something?! *(Looks around and then sees that Elizabeth is shaking her head no and realizes what Elizabeth meant.)* Ohh. Oh, protection. Yeah-no, yeah-no, that-that-that I forgot.

**Elizabeth:** I’ll just run to the store and get some.

**Ross:** Oh no! Hey-hey, I’m the guy! I’ll get it.

**Elizabeth:** Do you know where the store is?

**Ross:** No.

**Elizabeth:** Do you want to [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] around town on my little pink [[Friends-词汇总表#bicycle\|bicycle]]?

**Ross:** A little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]].

**Elizabeth:** *(laughs)* I’ll be back in ten minutes.

**Ross:** Okay.

**Elizabeth:** Why don’t you get in the hot [[Friends-词汇总表#tub\|tub]] and I’ll meet you there.

**Ross:** Ohh, okay.

*(Elizabeth leaves and Ross starts to remove his clothing right there in the middle of the living room where someone can see him. Of course, someone almost does, but he hears a door opening and…)*

**Rachel:** *(from another room)* Oh my God, what a great surprise! This is such a beautiful house.

*(Ross with his pants around his ankles tries to run, but Dr. Geller forgets that he has his pants around his ankles and falls down trying to flee.)*

**Paul:** *(To Rachel)* Thank you, it’s my mom’s. So this is the kitchen.

*(Dr. Geller, the man with the Ph.D. in Paleontology, is trying to find a place to hide, but this supposedly intelligent man in the hands of clichd scriptwriters runs around with his pants down around his ankles like one of the Three Stooges.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is reading the newspaper as the phone rings. He let’s the machine answer it.

**Chandler:** *(on machine)* You’ve reached Monica and Chandler’s, if you’re listening to this message, we’re probably screening. *(to himself)* Yeah we are.

**The Museum Official:** *(on phone)* Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I’m calling for Monica Geller. I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she’s still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available… *(Chandler runs to answer the phone.)*

**Chandler:** *(on phone)* This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! *(Listens)* Yes, the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]]—No! Not the groom!!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Paul’s Cabin, Paul and Rachel are sitting on the couch drinking wine and talking.

**Rachel:** It’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#seclude\|secluded]] up here.

**Paul:** I know. I like it up here.

**Rachel:** I feel like we’re the only two people in the world. *(She sets down her wine class, picks up a walnut, and knocks another one on the floor.)* Oops. Sorry. *(She reaches down to pick it up and Ross hands it to her. Ross is hiding under the couch and causes Rachel to scream.)*

**Paul:** What’s the matter honey? Did you see a little mouse?

**Rachel:** No-no! Big bear! Big bear outside! I think I-I—would you—actually, would you go check on that?

**Paul:** Honey, we don’t have any bears here.

**Rachel:** Well, okay. Would-would you get me a Diet Coke?

**Paul:** Okay. I’ll be right back. *(Gets up and heads for the kitchen.)*

**Rachel:** Okay. *(After Paul leaves Rachel drops to the floor to confront Ross.)* What?! What are you doing here?!

**Ross:** What are you doing here?!

**Rachel:** I came with Paul!

**Ross:** Yeah, I [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankles]]!

**Rachel:** Get up!

**Paul:** *(entering)* Here you go honey! *(Rachel kicks Ross back under the couch.)*

**Rachel:** Ahh. Thank you!

**Paul:** Diet Coke. *(Hands her the glass.)*

**Rachel:** Op, ice. I need ice.

**Paul:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Thank you.

**Paul:** I’ll be right back. *(He goes to get the ice.)*

**Ross:** *(under the couch)* You and your ice.

**Rachel:** Ugh! Get out! Get out! Go! Come on! *(Ross gets up and heads for the kitchen.)* No! Not in there! He’s in there! *(She points Ross to the door next to the kitchen.)*

**Ross:** *(before entering)* Did you really hear a bear?

**Rachel:** Go-go!

**Paul:** *(entering)* Here you go honey. One Diet Coke with ice.

**Rachel:** Ohh, thank you.

**Paul:** I’m so happy that you’re here.

**Elizabeth:** *(entering)* Here I am!

**Paul:** *(jumping up)* Elizabeth! Oh look, Elizabeth’s here! Who are you talking to?

**Elizabeth:** Uh, you guys?

**Paul:** How did you know we were here?

**Elizabeth:** Umm…

**Rachel:** Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] tracks that were leading up to the closed [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]].

**Elizabeth:** Obviously.

**Paul:** Elizabeth, what are you doing here?! *(Motions that he brought Rachel here to be alone with her.)*

**Rachel:** Did-did you come up here to work on that term paper or something?

**Elizabeth:** Yeah! Yep.

**Rachel:** Well, why do y’know go in that room *(points to the room Ross is in)* and do your [[Friends-词汇总表#homework\|homework]]?

**Elizabeth:** Ohh, I wouldn’t do it in there. That’s my dad’s [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]].

**Rachel:** That’s your, that’s your dad’s [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]. *(Yelling)* That’s your dad’s [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]!

**Paul:** Why are you [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]]?

**Rachel:** Whoa, that Diet Coke just went straight to my head! Woo!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is sitting at the kitchen table staring at the phone as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Hi, honey.

**Chandler:** *(gets up)* See you later. *(Starts to leave.)*

**Monica:** What? I-I bought [[Friends-词汇总表#grocery\|groceries]], I was gonna make you dinner!

**Chandler:** *(angrily)* Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask! *(He storms out.)*

*(Monica puts the groceries down and goes to check the answering machine and hears.)*

**The Museum Official:** *(on machine)* Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I’m calling for Monica Geller.

**Monica:** Oh no!

**The Museum Official:** *(on machine)* I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she’s still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available…

**Monica:** Oh please, he didn’t hear it! He didn’t hear it!!

**Chandler:** *(on machine)* This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! *(The machine beeps off.)*

**Monica:** NOOOO!!!!!!!!


> [!scene] Scene: The Dry Cleaner’s, Joey has brought in a bunch of laundry in another attempt to get his picture on the wall, but the dry cleaner isn’t working right now. Instead, a beautiful woman is working.

**Female Clerk:** Can I help you?

**Joey:** Uh yeah, where-where’s the guy who [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decides]] who’s pictures go up on the wall?

**Female Clerk:** He’s not here right now.

**Joey:** Oh, you’re kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I’m an actor; I’m kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.

**Female Clerk:** Y’know, there are two people who could put your picture up there. *(She makes eyes at him.)*

**Joey:** Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? *(Pause)* You’re the other one right? *(She thinks about it for a second and nods yes.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Paul’s Cabin, continued from earlier.

**Paul:** So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?

**Elizabeth:** Oh no-no believe me, I’m leaving as soon as possible!

**Paul:** Good. Good. Not that we don’t want you to stay, obviously you’re welcome—How much more [[Friends-词汇总表#homework\|homework]] do you have?

**Elizabeth:** Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to [[Friends-词汇总表#solve\|solve]]. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] and help me figure it out?

**Rachel:** Really? Okay. Okay, I-I’ll go [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]]. *(to Paul)* If-if you get me something from the car.

**Paul:** What do you need from the car?

**Rachel:** Surprise me.

**Paul:** *(whispering)* Okay. *(Starts for the car.)*

**Rachel:** *(yelling)* So you’re gonna be in the car, I will be [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]], and that’s where everybody’s gonna be!

*(Rachel and Elizabeth go upstairs. Paul starts for the car, but notices his luggage is still out and decides to take in into the bedroom.)*


> [!scene] Cut to his bedroom, Ross is listening at the door as Paul opens the door, trapping Ross behind it. With Paul’s back turned Ross coils up like a snake and slitters underneath the bed.

**Paul:** *(standing in front of a mirror and to himself)* Just relax. Just relax Paul, you’re doing great. *(Ross moves a piece of luggage over so he can watch Paul.)* She likes you. She… Maybe, she likes you. She likes you. Y’know why? Because you’re a *(pause)* [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] guy. *(Ross can’t believe what he’s hearing.)* You are the man. You are *(pause)* the man! *(He opens his shirt and looks at his chest.)* I still got it. Nice and sexy. You’re just a love machine. *(Starts singing)* I’m just a love machine and I won’t work for nobody but you! Hey bab-y! *(Flexes and grunts loudly.)* Showtime. *(Starts to leave and starts singing.)* I’m just a love machine, yeah ba-by! *(Grunts again and Ross is stunned.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there as Monica rushes in.

**Monica:** Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Monica:** Have you seen Chandler?!

**Phoebe:** No! Why?

**Monica:** The woman from the museum called and said that there was a [[Friends-词汇总表#cancellation\|cancellation]] and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! *(Phoebe gasps.)* I know! How bad is this?!

**Phoebe:** Well for the regular guy, it’s bad, but Chandler, Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] God!

**Monica:** I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can’t find him [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]]!

**Phoebe:** What are you gonna do?

**Monica:** Well, I’m never gonna listen to you again, that’s for sure!

*(Mimicking her.) "Y’know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"*

**Phoebe:** Rachel said that!

**Monica:** Well Rachel’s not here! *(Runs out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Dry Cleaner’s, Joey and Phoebe are entering to see if his picture is on the wall.

**Phoebe:** Oh! Here it is! *(Noticing it next to the door.)* Ooh, Joey! Why did you sign it, "Son of a bitch?" *(Son of a bitch is written across the entire picture.)*

**Joey:** I didn’t do that! Who would’ve done that?!

**The Dry Cleaner:** *(entering)* Son of a bitch!

**Phoebe:** Okay, maybe ask this guy.

**The Dry Cleaner:** You, get out of my shop!

**Phoebe:** Well, what did he do?

**The Dry Cleaner:** He went out with my wife!

**Phoebe:** Joey!

**Joey:** Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, I-I—Hey! I did not go out with your wife!

*(The same woman from before enters.) Okay? I went out with her! (Points at her.)*

**The Dry Cleaner:** That’s my wife!!! Get out! *(Starts yelling at him in Russian, and I’m betting he’s not saying pleasant things about him.)*

**Phoebe:** Well, we should go.

**Joey:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: Paul’s Bedroom, Elizabeth is entering.

**Elizabeth:** Ross? Ross?

**Ross:** Elizabeth! *(He opens one of the bed stands that he has curled himself up into.)* Okay. Okay. *(She helps him out.)* I’m gonna go out this window. *(Points to the window next to him.)* I’ll meet you at the front door. Just tell them you’re going home, okay?

**Elizabeth:** Okay!

**Rachel:** *(yelling from the living room)* Oh wait-wait-wait!! No! Don’t go in there! Don’t go in there! I need another [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]]!

*(Ross frantically starts to open the window as Paul enters and traps him halfway out the window.)*

**Paul:** Ross!

**Rachel:** Oh my God Ross! What in [[Friends-词汇总表#heaven\|heaven]]’s name are you doing here?

**Ross:** *(to Elizabeth)* And that is why we cannot see each other anymore.

**Paul:** Ross. You and I are going to have to have a little talk.

**Elizabeth:** Daddy!

**Paul:** You’re next!!

**Elizabeth:** Okay. I didn’t know he was here. *(Runs over to Rachel.)*

**Paul:** Let me just see if I got this straight. I tell you to stay away from my [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] or I’ll have you fired. What you heard was, "Take my daughter, come up to my country house, and [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] my weekend with Rachel!"

**Ross:** Okay, please-please Paul, just let me [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]]…

**Paul:** No, let me [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]]! Fired!!

**Ross:** All right, fine! Fine! Have me fired! But uh, I want you to know that you and I are not all that different. I mean, I too am a [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] guy. *(Paul just looks at him.)*

**Paul:** *(panicked)* What?

**Ross:** And I too am just a love machine. *(Hums a little bit and mimics Paul’s flexing.)*

**Paul:** Ross, let me show you where the guest room is.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is pacing, waiting for Chandler to return. Chandler enters.

**Monica:** *(going over to him)* I’m so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.

**Chandler:** I’m not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]]. *(Does one of those Chandler noises.)*

**Monica:** Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#harm\|harm]] in that?

**Chandler:** Right here! *(Clucks like a chicken for some reason.)*

**Monica:** Chandler, please don’t think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel…

**Chandler:** Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!

**Monica:** It was a [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]. Please don’t take this to mean anything, because it doesn’t.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** Yes, if it really doesn’t mean anything, because you know that I’m just not ready…

**Monica:** I know! I know.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(They hug.)*

**Monica:** I’m gonna go tell Joey that *(laughs)* that you’re back. I was really worried about you. *(Exits.)*

**Phoebe:** *(entering from her room)* Hey, did she buy it?

**Chandler:** Totally.

**Phoebe:** So did Heldi show you the place?

**Chandler:** Yeah, it’s beautiful.

**Phoebe:** I can’t believe you’re gonna ask Monica to marry you!

**Chandler:** I know.

*(They hug.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is going up to the counter.

**Joey:** Hey Gunther.

**Gunther:** Hey! Take these [[Friends-词汇总表#cappuccino\|cappuccinos]] to table 11 and that guy over there

*(points) wants the biscotti.*

**Joey:** Oh uh, well I just came in for a cup of coffee to go.

**Gunther:** Do you still work here?

**Joey:** No! No, I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] a long time ago. *(Pause)* Did I forget to you that one? I’m sorry.

**Gunther:** Oh that’s cool, I was gonna fire you anyway.

**Joey:** Great! *(Takes his coffee and leaves.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（37）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 4 | 99 | 67 | *Oh, wait yes, but I can’t eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a bi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 4 | 422 | 131 | *I didn’t know you could get married here.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 4 | 155 | 54 | *This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing!  Yes, the groom—No! Not the groom!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 3 | 279 | 145 | *Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 3 | 296 | 85 | *Ohh, I wouldn’t do it in there. That’s my dad’s bedroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 3 | 99 | 81 | *I’m so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I’m funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I’m telling you, I don’* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 2 | 110 | 60 | *Joey Tribbiani! From the wall!  Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh?  Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 2 | 81 | 53 | *So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer’s clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven’t been cleaned* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Oh, wait yes, but I can’t eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a bi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 2 | 92 | 67 | *Just relax. Just relax Paul, you’re doing great.  She likes you. She… Maybe, she likes you. She like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Well it’s just—it’s one of those situations that I just hate. Y’know? A massage client gave me three* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Now you’re thinking you gotta sleep with him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Oh, wait yes, but I can’t eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a bi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *What?! Are you crazy?! I’m not getting married! I’m not even engaged.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Yeah hon, it can’t hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you’re not engaged you just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Don’t feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn’t gay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Don’t even get me started on yours!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Yeah, I’ve been coming here since I was a kid. This used to be my Grandma’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Well, whatever works for ya…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Why?! Are there like bears or something?!  Ohh. Oh, protection. Yeah-no, yeah-no, that-that-that I f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Thank you, it’s my mom’s. So this is the kitchen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Oh, you’re kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks?  You’re the other one right?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *Oh! Here it is!  Ooh, Joey! Why did you sign it, "Son of a bitch?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *I’m not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *I’m gonna go tell Joey that  that you’re back. I was really worried about you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Joey Tribbiani! From the wall!  Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh?  Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway,* |

### 常用词（48）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 3 | 57 | 29 | *Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I’m funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I’m telling you, I don’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 3 | 40 | 20 | *What?! Are you crazy?! I’m not getting married! I’m not even engaged.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 3 | 64 | 45 | *Ohh, I wouldn’t do it in there. That’s my dad’s bedroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 3 | 28 | 21 | *Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] | /'dʒenәrәs/ | a. 慷慨的, 有雅量的, 大量的, 丰富的 | a. willing to give and share unstintingly | 2 | 18 | 13 | *Okay that’s so generous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 2 | 47 | 38 | *No, no, that’s funny. But maybe it’s time to move on, let it go, y’know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossil]] | /'fɒsәl/ | n. 化石, 古物 | n. the remains (or an impression) of a plant or animal that existed in a past ge | 2 | 14 | 11 | *No, no, that’s funny. But maybe it’s time to move on, let it go, y’know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 2 | 79 | 28 | *Okay, fine, I will bring you a tape, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] | /gru:m/ | n. 马夫, 新郎, 男仆 | n. a man participant in his own marriage ceremony | 2 | 19 | 10 | *This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing!  Yes, the groom—No! Not the groom!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] | /ni:t/ | a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的 | s. clean or organized | 2 | 15 | 13 | *Just relax. Just relax Paul, you’re doing great.  She likes you. She… Maybe, she likes you. She like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *Well it’s just—it’s one of those situations that I just hate. Y’know? A massage client gave me three* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Well it’s just—it’s one of those situations that I just hate. Y’know? A massage client gave me three* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 1 | 30 | 18 | *I’ll give up my ticket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] | /'mәustli/ | adv. 大概, 大部分, 主要 | r in large part; mainly or chiefly | 1 | 12 | 12 | *It’s mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiche* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *It’s mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiche* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *I mean Ross all that does is remind us that you are interested in fossils.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Okay, okay. Uh, well uh, Rachel is going to need to yell sweet nothings* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Hey, and then lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] | /ail/ | n. 走廊, 侧廊, 过道 | n. a long narrow passage (as in a cave or woods) | 1 | 15 | 12 | *This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn’t put the aisle there and I would* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] | /'serimәni/ | n. 典礼, 仪式, 礼节 | n. a formal event performed on a special occasion | 1 | 18 | 13 | *This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn’t put the aisle there and I would* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]] | /.intә'rʌpt/ | vt. 中断, 妨碍, 插嘴 | n. a signal that temporarily stops the execution of a program so that another pr | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh sorry didn’t mean to interrupt. It’s just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hon\|hon]] | /hʌn/ | [化] δ-羟基-γ-氧代正缬氨酸 |  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Yeah hon, it can’t hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you’re not engaged you just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Dry cleaners?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Yeah, I’ve been coming here since I was a kid. This used to be my Grandma’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but,* |
| ehh |  | abbr. 食管裂孔疝（esophageal hiatal hernia）；高压对光栅行幅（场幅）的影响 |  | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Ehh, I was just, I was just thinking about your father.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *Oh. Well, so we have to hide our relationship from one more person. Big deal. Besides, it’s kinda fu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *Do you want to ride around town on my little pink bicycle?* |
| oops | /u:ps/ | interj. (表示惊讶、沮丧、谢罪等)哎哟 |  | 1 | 16 | 15 | *I feel like we’re the only two people in the world.  Oops. Sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] | /'rekәgnaiz/ | vt. 认出, 认可, 承认, 公认, 识别, 赏识 | v. be fully aware or cognizant of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Yeah, I recognize the ankles!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]] | /'æŋkl/ | n. 踝 | n. a gliding joint between the distal ends of the tibia and fibula and the proxi | 1 | 18 | 11 | *Yeah, I recognize the ankles!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.* |
| woo | /wu:/ | vt. 追求, 向...求爱, 恳求 | v. seek someone's favor | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Whoa, that Diet Coke just went straight to my head! Woo!* |
| noooo |  | [网络] 豪炎寺甚至是麦克鸡；好机会；不要长大好了 |  | 1 | 19 | 19 | *NOOOO!!!!!!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *Uh yeah, where-where’s the guy who decides who’s pictures go up on the wall?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#solve\|solve]] | /sɒlv/ | vt. 解决, 付给, 溶解 | v. find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Well for the regular guy, it’s bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 1 | 26 | 20 | *I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can’t find him anywhere!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] | /'sәudә/ | n. 苏打, 碳酸水 | n a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and pape | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Oh wait-wait-wait!! No! Don’t go in there! Don’t go in there! I need another soda!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Let me just see if I got this straight. I tell you to stay away from my daughter or I’ll have you fi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *Okay, please-please Paul, just let me explain…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *I’m not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *It was a mistake. Please don’t take this to mean anything, because it doesn’t.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *No! No, I quit a long time ago.  Did I forget to you that one? I’m sorry.* |

### 低频词（32）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coke\|coke]] | /kәuk/ | n. 可口可乐, 焦炭 | n. carbon fuel produced by distillation of coal | 4 | 13 | 8 | *Well, okay. Would-would you get me a Diet Coke?* |
| lizzie | /'lizi/ | n. 莉齐（女子名） |  | 3 | 9 | 3 | *Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I’ve decided to accept the fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exhibit\|exhibit]] | /ig'zibit/ | n. 显示, 显现, 展览品, 陈列品, 展览 | n. an object or statement produced before a court of law and referred to while g | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Well it’s just—it’s one of those situations that I just hate. Y’know? A massage client gave me three* |
| belushi |  | [网络] 贝尔斯 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#matt\|matt]] | /mæt/ | a. 表面暗淡的, 无光泽的, 表面粗糙的, 不光滑的 | n the property of having little or no contrast; lacking highlights or gloss | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lauer\|lauer]] |  | 大型洗面器 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harm\|harm]] | /hɑ:m/ | n. 伤害, 害处 | v. cause or do harm to | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homework\|homework]] | /'hәumwә:k/ | n. 家庭作业, 家里做的工作 | n. preparatory school work done outside school (especially at home) | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Well, why do y’know go in that room  and do your homework?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#morgan\|morgan]] | /'mɒ:gәn/ | n. 摩根马 | n. United States anthropologist who studied the Seneca (1818-1881) | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Well it’s just—it’s one of those situations that I just hate. Y’know? A massage client gave me three* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#photograph\|photograph]] | /'fәutәgrɑ:f/ | n. 相片, 照片, 逼真的描绘 | n. a representation of a person or scene in the form of a print or transparent s | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiche* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intersperse\|intersperse]] | /.intә'spә:s/ | vt. 散布, 点缀 | v. place at intervals in or among | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It’s mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiche* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aide\|aide]] | /eid/ | n. 助手, 副官 | n. someone who acts as assistant | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, come on you guys; that’s funny! Y’know? Because he’s need—he’s got like a hearing aide y’know, ‘* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fame\|fame]] | /feim/ | n. 名望, 名声, 传说 | n. the state or quality of being widely honored and acclaimed | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eek\|eek]] | /i:k/ | int. 呀；唷（表突然的惊恐） | v. t. Alt. of Eeke | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!* |
| crackin |  | [网络] 破解 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smug\|smug]] | /smʌg/ | a. 自以为是的, 自鸣得意的, 整洁的 | s. marked by excessive complacency or self-satisfaction | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin’ up abou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jog\|jog]] | /dʒɒg/ | n. 轻推, 轻撞, 慢跑 | n. a sharp change in direction | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Joey Tribbiani! From the wall!  Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh?  Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cleaner\|cleaner]] | /'kli:nә/ | n. 清洁工人, 清洁剂, 干洗商 | n. the operator of dry-cleaning establishment | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Dry cleaners?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harrison\|harrison]] | /'hærisn/ | n. 哈里森（男子名, 哈里之子） | n. English actor on stage and in films (1908-1990) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay! Okay, look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrorist\|terrorist]] | /'terәrist/ | n. 恐怖分子 | n. a radical who employs terror as a political weapon; usually organizes with ot | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offensive\|offensive]] | /ә'fensiv/ | a. 令人不快的, 侮辱的, 攻击性的 | s. violating or tending to violate or offend against | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyeball\|eyeball]] | /'aibɒ:l/ | n. 眼球 | n. the ball-shaped capsule containing the vertebrate eye | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bicycle\|bicycle]] | /'baisikl/ | n. 自行车 | n. a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Do you want to ride around town on my little pink bicycle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tub\|tub]] | /tʌb/ | n. 桶, 浴盆 | n. a large open vessel for holding or storing liquids | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Why don’t you get in the hot tub and I’ll meet you there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seclude\|seclude]] | /si'klu:d/ | vt. 使隔离, 使孤立, 隔开 | v. keep away from others | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s so secluded up here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]] | /gә'rɑ:ʒ. 'gærɑ:ʒ/ | n. 车库, 汽车修理厂, 机库 | n. an outbuilding (or part of a building) for housing automobiles | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grocery\|grocery]] | /'grәusәri/ | n. 食品杂货店, 食品杂货业 | n. (usually plural) consumer goods sold by a grocer | 1 | 8 | 7 | *What? I-I bought groceries, I was gonna make you dinner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#showtime\|showtime]] | /'ʃәutaim/ | n. 好戏上演；（电视等的）节目播放时间 | n the time at which something is supposed to begin | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Just relax. Just relax Paul, you’re doing great.  She likes you. She… Maybe, she likes you. She like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancellation\|cancellation]] | /kænsә'leiʃәn/ | n. 取消, 作废, 注销戳 | n. the act of cancelling; calling off some arrangement | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heaven\|heaven]] | /'hevn/ | n. 天堂, 上帝, 天空 | n. the abode of God and the angels | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Oh my God Ross! What in heaven’s name are you doing here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#starlight\|starlight]] | /'stɑ:lait/ | n. 星光 | n. the light of the stars | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cappuccino\|cappuccino]] | /kæpj'tʃi:nәj/ | n. 热牛奶咖啡 | n. equal parts of espresso and hot milk topped with cinnamon and nutmeg and usua | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Hey! Take these cappuccinos to table 11 and that guy over there* |
