---
season: 6
episode: "04"
title: "The One Where Joey Loses His Insurance"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E04 — The One Where Joey Loses His Insurance

*Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is packing her belongings to move to Ross’s. She’s standing in the kitchen.

**Rachel:** So, which of this kitchen stuff is mine?

**Monica:** This [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opener\|opener]]. *(She grabs it off of the freezer door.)*

**Rachel:** And?

**Monica:** And it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#magnet\|magnet]]!

**Rachel:** Look at that!

**Ross:** How weird is that? Y’know? You’re moving in with me and have the one thing I don’t have. It’s like uh, in a way you-you complete me

*(Phoebe glares at him) kitchen.*

**Rachel:** What?!

**Ross:** *(in an Australian accent)* You complete me kitchen, [[Friends-词汇总表#matey\|matey]]!

**Phoebe:** Ross, I know what you’re thinking.

**Ross:** What?

**Phoebe:** That she’s gonna move in with you and maybe then she’ll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you’re already married, she’ll just be happy. Y’know? You’re just, you’re very sad.

**Ross:** Oh…my…God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!

**Phoebe:** What?!!

**Ross:** Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#obsess\|obsessed]] with her. It’s always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#confess\|confess]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] to Rachel?" You want her!

**Phoebe:** No! *(Ross’s phone rings.)*

**Ross:** *(answering it)* Uh-oh, saved by the [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]]. *(On phone)* Hello?


> [!scene] Cut to the living room where Monica is helping pack a box.

**Monica:** Hey Rach, [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t these [[Friends-词汇总表#candlestick\|candlesticks]] *(holds up a pair)* mine?

**Rachel:** No-no, I bought those.

**Monica:** Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.

**Rachel:** Yeah. *(Rachel walks away.)*

**Monica:** *(under her breath)* That you’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#liar\|liar]]. *(Hides the candlesticks in a drawer.)*

**Ross:** *(on phone)* No-no-no, that’s great! I’ll be there Monday. And thank you again! *(Listens)* Okay. *(Hangs up)* *(To All)* Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!

**Monica:** Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?

**Ross:** Well remember that paper I had published last year on [[Friends-词汇总表#sediment\|sediment]] flow rate, huh? They loved it.

**Rachel:** Well, who wouldn’t?!

**Ross:** I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest [[Friends-词汇总表#lecturer\|lecturer]]! I mean it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#temporary\|temporary]], but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a [[Friends-词汇总表#mailbox\|mailbox]], huh? "Professor Geller."

**Phoebe:** Yeah, Professor and Mrs.

**Rachel:** And Mrs.?!

**Phoebe:** Oh! Yeah, y’know you and Ross are still married.

**Rachel:** What?!!

**Phoebe:** Just kidding!

**Rachel:** Ohh! Oh God! *(Laughs her way into the living room.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Ross)* Saved your ass.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Monica, Rachel, and Chandler are all there as Phoebe enters dejectedly.

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hi.

**Monica:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Oh, what’s the matter?

**Phoebe:** Well, you know that [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] I see?

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** Well, she told me that I’m gonna die this week, so I’m kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bummed]] about that.

**Chandler:** What?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, and I know you guys don’t know a lot about [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.

**Monica:** Phoebe that’s crazy!

**Joey:** I can’t believe she would say that too you.

**Rachel:** Yeah honey you don’t believe her do you?

**Phoebe:** I don’t—she said y’know that I’d have [[Friends-词汇总表#triplet\|triplets]]! But she also said one of them would be black.

**Chandler:** Just out of [[Friends-词汇总表#curiosity\|curiosity]] did she tell you how you’re gonna go?

**Phoebe:** No, ‘cause she didn’t tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I’ve only got a week left, y’know? I’ve really gotta start living now! *(So she picks up the latest copy of Car and Driver (a U.S. auto magazine)*, [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|leans]] back, and starts reading.)

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey everyone!

**Chandler:** Oh hi!

**Ross:** Hey uh, well, today’s my first [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?

*(They pause to think about it.)*

**All:** Oh that’d be great. Sure!

**Ross:** *(he starts reading directly from his cards word for word very quietly)* "There are three primary theories [[Friends-词汇总表#concern\|concerning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sediment\|sediment]] flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct…"

**Phoebe:** Oh, this is it. This what’s gonna kill me.

**Ross:** *(continuing)* "…[[Friends-词汇总表#subcategories\|subcategories]]. The first of these subcategories is…"

**Joey:** *(interrupting him)* Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chicks]] on that piece of paper?

**Ross:** No! Why?

**Joey:** Well, I’ve just never seen a guy [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stare]] so hard at a piece of paper that didn’t have naked [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chicks]] on it.

**Ross:** Ohh! Okay! Okay. *(Resumes reading word for word from the card)* "There are three *(pauses and looks at Joey)* primary theories [[Friends-词汇总表#concern\|concerning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sediment\|sediment]] flow rate.

*(Pauses and darts his eyes between Chandler and Rachel.) (Rachel starts laughing) Each of these theories (glances at Phoebe) can be further subcategorized (glances at Chandler) into…"*

**Chandler:** Why don’t you open with a joke?

**Ross:** Open with a joke? It’s a university, not a [[Friends-词汇总表#comedy\|comedy]] club!

**Chandler:** Wait a minute, hold the phone! You’re not talking about Chuckles University?!

**Ross:** *(gets up)* Okay!

**All:** Ohh! We’re kidding! Oh, we’re kidding!

**Rachel:** Ross, hey you know what might make it less [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]]?

**Ross:** Thank you!

**Rachel:** Some uh, some visual [[Friends-词汇总表#aide\|aides]].

**Joey:** Oh-ooh-ooh! Y’know what’s a good visual [[Friends-词汇总表#aide\|aide]]?

**Ross:** Please don’t say naked [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chicks]].

**Joey:** Why not?!

**Ross:** I-I-I don’t even know why I [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] to talk to you guys about it. Y’know what? I’m just gonna do it on my own with no naked [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chicks]].

**Chandler:** That’s the way I did it ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] I was 19.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is playing that string game with the two hands and the weird crossing patterns as Chandler enters with the mail.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey! Any good mail?

**Chandler:** Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor’s Guild.

**Joey:** Ooh, it’s probably a [[Friends-词汇总表#residual\|residual]] check, hey can you open it for me, I’m kinda….

**Chandler:** *(opens and reads it)* "Benefits [[Friends-词汇总表#lapse\|lapsed]]."

**Joey:** Hmm that’s weird. I don’t remember being in a move called benefits [[Friends-词汇总表#lapse\|lapsed]].

**Chandler:** Okay, it’s not a check. They’re saying your health insurance [[Friends-词汇总表#expire\|expired]] because, you didn’t work enough last year.

**Joey:** Let me see that!

**Chandler:** All right.

**Joey:** *(reads it)* Oh, I can’t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y’know? And it wouldn’t matter. Now I gotta be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]]?!

**Chandler:** I’m sorry man, there’s never a good time to *(pauses)* stop catching on fire.

**Joey:** All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I’m gonna go see my agent.

**Chandler:** Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.

**Joey:** *(mocks him, in a whiney voice)* …look both ways before you cross the street. *(Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe enters to find Rachel still packing.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey Pheebs, you’re still [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]! How are you doing?

**Phoebe:** Ugh, it’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhausting]] waiting for death. Ohh, by the way, do you think you could—*(Groans, hacks, and then freezes with her eyes open and her tongue hanging out.)*

**Rachel:** Pheebs, what-what are you doing?

**Phoebe:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|preparing]] you for my—didn’t you think I was dead? Did that not come off?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we’d lost you [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]. Pheebs, you lie down?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y’know if you can.

*(Phoebe goes and lies down as Rachel opens the drawer Monica hid the candlesticks in and as Monica walks out of her room.)*

**Rachel:** Monica!

**Monica:** Hmm? *(Rachel holds up the candlesticks.)*

**Rachel:** Did-did you take these back?

**Monica:** No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, they’re really great! Aren’t they?

**Monica:** I loved them!

**Rachel:** Yeah. *(Monica walks away)* Nice try! *(Rachel puts them in a box.)*

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hello!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Monica:** How’d the [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] go?

**Ross:** It went great! And I didn’t need any jokes or naked [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chicks]] either!

**Rachel:** Wow, that’s great Ross, I’m sorry we weren’t more [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]] before.

**Ross:** I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone’s all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|proved]] them wrong! And now, I’m gonna pass the news [[Friends-词汇总表#onto\|onto]] Joey and Chandler.

**Monica:** That you’re not funny or sexy?

**Ross:** That’s right!


> [!scene] Scene: Estelle Leonard Theatrical Agency, Joey is there to see his agent.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey Estelle, listen…

**Estelle:** Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all come [[Friends-词汇总表#crawl\|crawling]] back to Estelle!

**Joey:** What are you [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]]’ about? I never left you! You’ve always been my agent!

**Estelle:** Really?!

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Estelle:** Oh well, no [[Friends-词汇总表#harm\|harm]], no [[Friends-词汇总表#foul\|foul]].

**Joey:** Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.

**Estelle:** All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.

**Joey:** Why?

**Estelle:** Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouthing]] you all over town.

**Joey:** Bastard!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler enters to find Joey lying in the fetus position on the floor.

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** *(in obvious pain)* Hey! So Estelle lined up a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|auditions]] for me tomorrow and I’ll have my health insurance back in no time.

**Chandler:** That’s great, but shouldn’t you be on the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] right now?

**Joey:** What?!

**Chandler:** What’s wrong with you?

**Joey:** Nothing! Well, I-I got this [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blinding]] pain in my [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] when I was [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lifting]] weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven’t been able to stand up since. But um, I don’t think it’s anything serious.

**Chandler:** This sounds like a [[Friends-词汇总表#hernia\|hernia]]. You have to—you-you go to the doctor!

**Joey:** No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]]! *(Rolls over and shows Chandler.)*

**Chandler:** That’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#hernia\|hernia]].

**Joey:** Why did I have to start working out again? *(Looks at the weights he was using.)* Damn you 15s!


> [!scene] Scene: a NYU lecture hall, Rachel and Monica are arriving to talk to Ross after the lecture, but are there early.

**Rachel:** Well, we’re a little early, the [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] doesn’t end for 15 minutes.

**Monica:** Yeah, but y’know we could [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] in and watch.

**Rachel:** Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There’s some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. *(to them)* Hey sisters! *(They ignore her.)* *(To Monica)* Wow, we really are bitches.

*(They enter the lecture hall to find Ross speaking in an English accent for some unknown reason.)*

**Ross:** *(to the class)* Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a [[Friends-词汇总表#startle\|startling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#discovery\|discovery]]! What he believed to be [[Friends-词汇总表#igneous\|igneous]], was in fact [[Friends-词汇总表#sedimentary\|sedimentary]]. Imagine his [[Friends-词汇总表#consternation\|consternation]] when—*(sees Monica and Rachel.)* Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] hell.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: a NYU lecture hall, the scene is continued from earlier, only Ross has dismissed the class and is now talking to Monica and Rachel.

**Monica:** What the hell are you doing?!

**Ross:** Look, I was [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]! You guys had me all worried I was going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]]! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] and this British [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] just came out.

**Rachel:** Yeah, and not a very good one.

**Ross:** Will you-will you please?

*(Another professor walks down from the back of the lecture hall.)*

**The Professor:** Dr. Geller, Kurt Rathman, I’m a professor in the paleontology department here.

**Ross:** Oh.

**The Professor:** Do you have a moment to talk about your lecture?

**Ross:** *(in his British accent)* I’m sorry, I’ve got plans with my sister.

**Monica:** *(in an Irish accent)* Monica Gellerrr. *(She rolls her ‘R’)*

**Ross:** *(in accent)* Right, will you excuse us for one moment? *(Takes Monica aside.)* *(In his normal voice.)* What are you doing?

**Monica:** *(normal voice)* Oh, you can have an [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] and I can’t?! *(To an exiting student in accent.)* Top ‘O the morning to ya [[Friends-词汇总表#laddie\|laddies]]!

**Ross:** Just please stop!

*(They turn back to Rachel and Professor Rathman.)*

**Rachel:** *(in an Indian accent)* Yes, yes, Bombay is [[Friends-词汇总表#bery\|bery]], bery nice time of year.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is reading on the couch while Joey, still suffering from his hernia, is returning with coffee for them both. After a series of grunts and groans he manages to painfully walk back from the counter, sit down, and slide Chandler his coffee.

**Chandler:** Hey, will you grab me a [[Friends-词汇总表#cruller\|cruller]]? *(Joey starts to groan and get up.)* Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!

**Joey:** Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it’s getting [[Friends-词汇总表#darker\|darker]] and more [[Friends-词汇总表#painful\|painful]], that means it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#heal\|healing]].

**Chandler:** I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let’s just get that thing…[[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushed]] back in.

**Joey:** Thank you, but it would take me [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] to pay you that money back and I don’t want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I’m thinking I’ll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.

*(Phoebe enters.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** What’s going on?

**Chandler:** Oh Joey’s got a really bad [[Friends-词汇总表#hernia\|hernia]], but that’s nothing a little laser eye surgery won’t fix!

**Joey:** Look, I’m telling you if I put my hand on my [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] right here *(He puts his hand down his pants, like Al Bundy on Married…With Children always used to do.)* it doesn’t hurt that bad.

**Phoebe:** Hey! Maybe you’ll die!

**Joey:** Sure, now I’m scared.

**Phoebe:** No, we can go together! Just don’t wait too long though, okay? ‘Cause I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] before Friday.

**Joey:** Yeah, but I don’t wanna die!

**Phoebe:** No-no, it’ll be fun! We can come back and we can [[Friends-词汇总表#haunt\|haunt]] these guys!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are having a tug-of-war over the disputed candlesticks.

**Monica:** Gimme ‘em!

**Rachel:** No! They are mine!

**Monica:** You stole them from me!

**Rachel:** You stole them from me!!

**Monica:** Gimme them!

*(With one last mighty tug the combatants lose their grip and split, each holding one candlestick.)*

**Monica:** You just wanna each take one?

**Rachel:** Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]]?! What do I do?

**Rachel:** Well…

**Monica:** Why don’t you phase it out? Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#fade\|fade]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] out and people will think you’re, y’know, that you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#adjust\|adjusting]] to life in America.

**Rachel:** Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean they’re probably not even listening!

**Ross:** They’re not listening too me?

**Rachel:** Of course they’re listening to you! Everybody listens to you.

**Ross:** Monica you really think I should try this phasing out thing?

**Monica:** I think you look fine.


> [!scene] Scene: Casting Director #1’s office, Joey is on his first audition. His partner is an 8-year-old boy.] Casting Director #1: Whenever you’re ready.

**Joey:** *(in a gravely, painful voice)* Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you." Casting Director #1: Hold it. I’m sorry, the surprise is a new [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] set, if you could play it a little less…[[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]]?

**Joey:** Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I’ll just—hold on one second. *(He turns around and puts his hand in his pants and groans in relief.)* *(In a relaxed voice.)* "Hey Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you!" Casting Director #1: Oh my God!!

*(Joey pulls his hand out and reverts back to intense pain.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Casting Director #2’s office, Joey is on his second audition. This one is for Purina One Dog Chow, an actual item. Please note the gratuitous product placement.

**Joey:** So that’s why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today!

*(He turns, looks at the bag and realizes he won’t be able to pick it up.) Casting Director #2: That’s where you pick up the bag.*

**Joey:** Exactly. Casting Director #2: No, the line is pick a bag, so you need to pick up the bag.

**Joey:** Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One, point to a bag today. *(She just looks at him.)* I didn’t get it, did I? Casting Director #2: No.

**Joey:** Yeah, okay. *(Leaves)*


> [!scene] Scene: Casting Director #3’s office, Joey is entering.

**Joey:** Hi. I’m Joey Tribbiani; I’m here to [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] for *(Groans)* man. Casting Director #3: You mean dying man?

**Joey:** Yes!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are playing phone pranks on Ross.

**Monica:** Okay, come on, do it one more time!

**Rachel:** Really? Really?!

**Monica:** Yes!

**Rachel:** Okay! *(Picks up the phone and starts dialing.)* *(In an Irish accent)* "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we’d like you to come on board with us full time! *(Hangs up.)*

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Listen to this! My reading was wrong, I’m not going die!

**Rachel:** Really?! How do you know?

**Phoebe:** Because my [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] is dead! She must’ve read the cards wrong!

**Rachel:** Oh, I’m sorry.

**Phoebe:** Eh, better her than me! Hey, let’s [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Silvercup Studios, Joey has won the part of dying man and is now able to play the role he was injured for. Chandler is helping to carry him in.

**Chandler:** Listen, I’m really glad you got the part.

**Joey:** *(barely audible through the pain)* Thank you.

**Chandler:** But are you sure you can do this?

**Joey:** Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.

*(Chandler steps away quickly.)*

**Chandler:** Now, is that never talking about it again?!

**Joey:** *(to the director)* Hiya!

**The Director:** Hey Joey, we’re ready for ya! *(Joey stumbles over)* Joey, this is Alex he’s going to be playing your son.

**Joey:** Hi Alex! *(to the director)* And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants. *(Holds them both up.)*

**The Director:** Okay. *(to Alex)* All right uh, Alex now when Joey says his line, "Take good care of your Momma son," that’s your cue to cry. Got it? *(Alex nods yes.)* All right, let’s do this.

*(Joey lies down on the gurney.) A Crew Member: (with that board thingy) Scene 5, take 1.*

**The Director:** And Action!

**Joey:** "Take could care of your Momma son." *(Alex just looks at him and the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.)* "Take could care of your Momma son." *(Alex does nothing.)* "Come on son! Your Momma’s good people!"

**The Director:** Cut! Alex, remember you’re supposed to cry. Can you cry for us this time?

**Alex:** Okay.

**The Director:** All right, from the top. A Crew Member: Scene 5, take 2.


> [!scene] Time lapse.] A Crew Member: Take 36 is up!

**The Director:** All right! Let’s try this again! You ready Joe?

**Joey:** Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] right up until you say action?

**The Director:** Uh sure.

**Joey:** Okay. *(Starts screaming.)*

**The Director:** Action!

**Joey:** *(he stops screaming at action)* "Take good care of your Momma son." *(Again Alex does nothing.)*

**The Director:** Cut!!!!!!!!!! *(Joey starts screaming again.)*

*(Chandler decides to help out.)*

**Chandler:** I’m sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don’t you uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] up your shirt? *(He does.)* Take a look at this [[Friends-词汇总表#kiddo\|kiddo]]. *(Alex finally starts crying.)* We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel’s apartment, Rachel is unpacking as the phone rings.

**Rachel:** *(answering it)* Hello?

**Russell:** *(Ross’s divorce lawyer.)* Hello, is Ross there?

**Rachel:** Uh no, he’s not. Can I take a message?

**Russell:** Yes, this Russell, Ross’s divorce [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]], just tell him that since I haven’t heard from him, I [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to give the [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] a try.

**Rachel:** Ross got married again—Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!


> [!scene] Scene: a NYU lecture hall, Ross is trying to phase out his accent.

**Ross:** *(in his head)* All right, keep going. We are phasing the [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory *(pronounced the British way)* the team would never have identified *(British)* the initial errors in their [[Friends-词汇总表#carbon\|carbon]] dating analysis *(British)*. Were there any questions at this point? *(One student raises his hand.)* Yes. *(Points to him.)* A Student: What’s happening to your [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]]?

**Ross:** *(British)* Come again? What’s-what’s this [[Friends-词汇总表#nonsense\|nonsense]]? *(Giggles.)*

*(American.) All right, I’m-I’m not English. I’m from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I’m sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? (Everyone raises their hands) About paleontology. (They all put their hands down.) All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I’m-I’m hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression…*

*(At this moment Rachel bursts through the door. Needless to say, she’s not in the best of moods having just found out Ross’s dirty little secret.)*

**Rachel:** Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!

**Ross:** *(in the accent again)* Well, hello Rachel! Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is holding a football helmet; and apparently, in a rather disgusting scene, Joey wants Phoebe to beat him senseless. (Luckily it isn’t a long trip.) Because he’s made a miraculous recovery from his hernia and wants to take advantage of all those free surgeries he can get now since he’s re-established his health insurance.

**Phoebe:** Have you really done this before?

**Joey:** Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]]. Now, don’t hold back. *(He dons his protective helmet (Why, I have no clue.)* and Phoebe picks up a [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] baseball [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] and starts to [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] as Chandler and Monica enter.)

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey-hey-hey!

**Chandler:** What are you doing?

**Phoebe:** We’re just [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrating]] that Joey got his health insurance back.

**Chandler:** Oh, all right.

*(Decided that they are less than human as well, Chandler picks up a golf club and Monica a frying pan, to join in on the fun of beating their good friend to within an inch of his life!)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 4 | 199 | 123 | *Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we’d lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 3 | 180 | 101 | *So, which of this kitchen stuff is mine?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 3 | 422 | 131 | *That she’s gonna move in with you and maybe then she’ll fall in love with you and then when she find* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 3 | 211 | 141 | *Just kidding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 3 | 99 | 67 | *Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you." Casting Director #1: Hold it. I’m sorry, the surpri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *How weird is that? Y’know? You’re moving in with me and have the one thing I don’t have. It’s like u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Phoebe that’s crazy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Oh, this is it. This what’s gonna kill me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 2 | 134 | 69 | *Why don’t you open with a joke?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 2 | 73 | 55 | *Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we’d lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 2 | 70 | 61 | *I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone’s all, "Ross you have to be f* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 2 | 110 | 60 | *Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 2 | 75 | 55 | *Why did I have to start working out again?  Damn you 15s!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 2 | 71 | 58 | *You stole them from me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *That she’s gonna move in with you and maybe then she’ll fall in love with you and then when she find* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it’s temporary, but uh, if they like me* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it’s temporary, but uh, if they like me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Yeah, and I know you guys don’t know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor’s Guild.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Oh, I can’t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Oh, I can’t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I’m gonna go see my agent.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we’d lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There’s some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa.  Hey sisters!   Wow, we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There’s some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa.  Hey sisters!   Wow, we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Right, will you excuse us for one moment?   What are you doing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Hey, will you grab me a cruller?  Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Hey, will you grab me a cruller?  Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don’t want that hanging ove* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don’t want that hanging ove* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Look, I’m telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here  it doesn’t hurt that bad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly. Casting Director #2: No, the line is pick a bag, so you need to pick up the bag.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Listen, I’m really glad you got the part.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Hi Alex!  And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *I’m sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don’t you uh, lift up your shirt?  Take a look at this kiddo.  We have a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Yes, this Russell, Ross’s divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven’t heard from him, I assum* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the * |

### 常用词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] | /'æksәnt/ | n. 重音, 口音, 特点, 注重点 | n. distinctive manner of oral expression | 7 | 21 | 11 | *Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 5 | 40 | 22 | *Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?* |
| estelle | /es'tel/ | n. 埃斯特尔(f.) |  | 4 | 27 | 10 | *Hey Estelle, listen…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] | /'lektʃә/ | n. 演讲, 谴责, 讲稿 | n. a speech that is open to the public | 3 | 15 | 10 | *Hey uh, well, today’s my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] | /'stʌmәk/ | n. 胃, 食欲, 欲望, 肚子 | n. an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal | 3 | 18 | 13 | *Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] | /swiŋ/ | n. 摇摆, 振幅, 音律, 节奏, 涨落, 秋千, 旋转, 行动自由 | n. a state of steady vigorous action that is characteristic of an activity | 3 | 35 | 17 | *Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you." Casting Director #1: Hold it. I’m sorry, the surpri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 2 | 93 | 40 | *Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you’re obsessed with her. It’s always, "Ross, what are you gon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *Hey Rach, aren’t these candlesticks  mine?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concern\|concern]] | /kәn'sә:n/ | n. 关心, 忧虑 | n. something that interests you because it is important or affects you | 2 | 11 | 10 | *"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be furth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 2 | 38 | 27 | *Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 2 | 58 | 48 | *Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we’d lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 2 | 47 | 38 | *Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it’s getting darker and more painful, tha* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 2 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *This bottle opener.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you’re obsessed with her. It’s always, "Ross, what are you gon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Uh-oh, saved by the bell.  Hello?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n. the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 1 | 19 | 13 | *No-no-no, that’s great! I’ll be there Monday. And thank you again!  Okay.   Umm, that was the head o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *Well, she told me that I’m gonna die this week, so I’m kinda bummed about that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#triplet\|triplet]] | /'triplit/ | n. 三个一组, 三件一套, 三胞胎中的一个 | n. one of three offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 15 | 10 | *I don’t—she said y’know that I’d have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|lean]] | /li:n/ | n. 瘦肉, 倾斜, 倾斜度 | v. to incline or bend from a vertical position | 1 | 10 | 10 | *No, ‘cause she didn’t tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *I-I-I don’t even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y’know what? I’m just gonna do it o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *That’s the way I did it ‘til I was 19.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Oh, I can’t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Hey Pheebs, you’re still alive! How are you doing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhaust]] | /ig'zɒ:st/ | n. 排气, 排气装置, 废气 | n. gases ejected from an engine as waste products | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Ugh, it’s so exhausting waiting for death. Ohh, by the way, do you think you could—* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepare]] | /pri'pєә/ | vt. 准备, 筹备, 使在思想上有准备, 制造, 调制 | v. to prepare verbally, either for written or spoken delivery | 1 | 10 | 10 | *I was preparing you for my—didn’t you think I was dead? Did that not come off?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]] | /sә'pɔ:tiv/ | a. 支撑, 支承, 资助, 赞助, 支援, 经受, 忍受, 扶养, 证实, 鼓励, 维持, 伴奏 | a. furnishing support or assistance | 1 | 22 | 15 | *Wow, that’s great Ross, I’m sorry we weren’t more supportive before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone’s all, "Ross you have to be f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#onto\|onto]] | /'ɒntu:/ | prep. 在...之上 | prep. On the top of; upon; on. See On to, under On, prep. | 1 | 12 | 12 | *I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone’s all, "Ross you have to be f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *What are you talkin’ about? I never left you! You’ve always been my agent!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Bastard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I’ll have my health insurance back* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 1 | 87 | 38 | *Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I’ll have my health insurance back* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 1 | 29 | 21 | *That’s great, but shouldn’t you be on the toilet right now?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] | /lift/ | n. 举起, 帮助, 昂扬, 电梯 | n. the act of giving temporary assistance | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh* |
| kay | /kei/ | n. 字母K, K字形物 |  | 1 | 17 | 13 | *No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] | /sni:k/ | vi. 鬼鬼祟祟做事 | n. a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Yeah, but y’know we could sneak in and watch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#painful\|painful]] | /'peinful/ | a. 痛苦的, 困难的, 令人烦恼的 | a. causing physical or psychological pain | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it’s getting darker and more painful, tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *No, we can go together! Just don’t wait too long though, okay? ‘Cause I’m outta here sometime before* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *No, we can go together! Just don’t wait too long though, okay? ‘Cause I’m outta here sometime before* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Okay!   "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we’d like you to come on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] | /beik/ | vt. 烘焙, 烤 | v. cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Eh, better her than me! Hey, let’s bake cookies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 1 | 52 | 24 | *Eh, better her than me! Hey, let’s bake cookies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *I’m sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don’t you uh, lift up your shirt?  Take a look at this kiddo.  We have a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Yes, this Russell, Ross’s divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven’t heard from him, I assum* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Yes, this Russell, Ross’s divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven’t heard from him, I assum* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] | /bæt/ | n. 蝙蝠, 球棒 | n. nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings a | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don’t hold back.  and Phoebe picks up a woode* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *We’re just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.* |

### 低频词（57）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hernia\|hernia]] | /'hә:niә/ | n. 疝气 | n. rupture in smooth muscle tissue through which a bodily structure protrudes | 4 | 7 | 4 | *This sounds like a hernia. You have to—you-you go to the doctor!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#momma\|momma]] |  | n. 妈咪 | n informal terms for a mother | 4 | 8 | 4 | *"Take could care of your Momma son."  "Take could care of your Momma son."  "Come on son! Your Momma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sediment\|sediment]] | /'sedimәnt/ | n. 沉淀物, 沉积 | n. matter that has been deposited by some natural process | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] | /'saikik/ | a. 灵魂的, 精神的, 心灵的 | n. a person apparently sensitive to things beyond the natural range of perceptio | 3 | 9 | 3 | *Well, you know that psychic I see?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kappa\|kappa]] | /'kæpә/ | n. 希腊文第十个字母(K) | n. the 10th letter of the Greek alphabet | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There’s some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa.  Hey sisters!   Wow, we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lapse\|lapse]] | /læps/ | n. 过失, 流逝, 失效 | n. a break or intermission in the occurrence of something | 2 | 2 | 1 | *"Benefits lapsed."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bery\|bery]] |  | n. 贝里（姓氏） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.* |
| timmy |  | n. 蒂米（男子名） |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I’ve got a surprise for you." Casting Director #1: Hold it. I’m sorry, the surpri* |
| purina |  | [网络] 普瑞纳；普瑞纳宠物食品；宠物食品公司普瑞纳 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *So that’s why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opener\|opener]] | /'әupәnә/ | n. 开...的人, 开局人, 开创人, 开具, 开启工具, 首项 | n. the first event in a series | 1 | 4 | 4 | *This bottle opener.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magnet\|magnet]] | /'mægnit/ | n. 磁铁, 有吸引力之人, 有吸引力之物 | n. (physics) a device that attracts iron and produces a magnetic field | 1 | 6 | 5 | *And it’s a magnet!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#matey\|matey]] | /'meiti/ | a. 易为人亲近的, 融洽的 | s (used colloquially) having the relationship of friends or pals | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You complete me kitchen, matey!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsess\|obsess]] | /әb'ses/ | vt. 迷住, 使困扰 | v. be preoccupied with something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you’re obsessed with her. It’s always, "Ross, what are you gon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confess\|confess]] | /kәn'fes/ | v. 承认, 坦白, 忏悔, 供认 | v. confess to a punishable or reprehensible deed, usually under pressure | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you’re obsessed with her. It’s always, "Ross, what are you gon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candlestick\|candlestick]] | /'kændlstik/ | n. 蜡杆, 蜡烛架 | n. a holder with sockets for candles | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey Rach, aren’t these candlesticks  mine?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liar\|liar]] | /'laiә/ | n. 说谎者 | n. a person who has lied or who lies repeatedly | 1 | 8 | 6 | *That you’re a liar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecturer\|lecturer]] | /'lektʃәrә/ | n. 演讲者, 讲师 | n. someone who lectures professionally | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it’s temporary, but uh, if they like me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#temporary\|temporary]] | /'tempәrәri/ | a. 暂时的, 临时的 | n a worker (especially in an office) hired on a temporary basis | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it’s temporary, but uh, if they like me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mailbox\|mailbox]] | /'meilbɒks/ | n. 邮筒, 邮箱 | n. a private box for delivery of mail | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it’s temporary, but uh, if they like me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curiosity\|curiosity]] | /.kjuәri'ɒsiti/ | n. 好奇心, 新奇的事物, 珍品 | n. a state in which you want to learn more about something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you’re gonna go?* |
| subcategorized |  | [网络] 子类化 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be furth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subcategories\|subcategories]] |  | (subcategory 的复数) [计] 子类, 子范畴 | plural of subcategory | 1 | 1 | 1 | *"…subcategories. The first of these subcategories is…"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stare]] | /stєә/ | vi. 注视, 凝视, 瞪视, 显眼 | n. a fixed look with eyes open wide | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well, I’ve just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn’t have naked chicks on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comedy\|comedy]] | /'kɒmidi/ | n. 喜剧, 有趣的事情 | n. light and humorous drama with a happy ending | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Open with a joke? It’s a university, not a comedy club!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chuckle\|chuckle]] | /'tʃʌkl/ | n. 咯咯的笑声, 轻笑 | v. laugh quietly or with restraint | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Wait a minute, hold the phone! You’re not talking about Chuckles University?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aide\|aide]] | /eid/ | n. 助手, 副官 | n. someone who acts as assistant | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh-ooh-ooh! Y’know what’s a good visual aide?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guild\|guild]] | /gild/ | n. 团体, 协会, 行业协会 | n a formal association of people with similar interests | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor’s Guild.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#residual\|residual]] | /'rezidju:l/ | a. 残渣的, 剩余的 | n. (often plural) a payment that is made to a performer or writer or director of | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh, it’s probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me, I’m kinda….* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expire\|expire]] | /ik'spaiә/ | vi. 期满, 呼气, 断气 | v lose validity | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay, it’s not a check. They’re saying your health insurance expired because, you didn’t work enough* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crawl\|crawl]] | /krɒ:l/ | n. 爬行, 匍匐而行, 养鱼池 | n. a very slow movement | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harm\|harm]] | /hɑ:m/ | n. 伤害, 害处 | v. cause or do harm to | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh well, no harm, no foul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foul\|foul]] | /faul/ | a. 污秽的, 邪恶的, 恶臭的, 肮脏的, 恶劣的, 淤塞的 | n. an act that violates the rules of a sport | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh well, no harm, no foul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delta\|delta]] | /'deltә/ | n. 三角洲, 希腊字母的第四个字 | n. a low triangular area of alluvial deposits where a river divides before enter | 1 | 5 | 2 | *Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There’s some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa.  Hey sisters!   Wow, we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rigby\|rigby]] |  | n. (Rigby)人名；(英、瑞典)里格比 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#startle\|startle]] | /'stɑ:tl/ | n. 惊愕, 惊恐 | n. a sudden involuntary movement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discovery\|discovery]] | /dis'kʌvәri/ | n. 发现, 被发现的事物 | n. the act of discovering something | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#igneous\|igneous]] | /'igniәs/ | a. 火的, 似火的, 火成的 | a. produced under conditions involving intense heat; especially from molten magm | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sedimentary\|sedimentary]] | /.sedi'mentәri/ | a. 沉渣的, 沉淀物的, 由沉淀物所生成的 | a. resembling or containing or formed by the accumulation of sediment | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#consternation\|consternation]] | /.kɒnstә'neiʃәn/ | n. 惊愕, 恐怖, 惊惶失措 | n fear resulting from the awareness of danger | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] | /'blʌdi/ | a. 血腥的, 嗜杀的, 有血的 | v. cover with blood | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laddie\|laddie]] | /'lædi/ | n. <主苏>少年, 年青人,老弟(表示亲密的称呼) | n a male child (a familiar term of address to a boy) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, you can have an accent and I can’t?!  Top ‘O the morning to ya laddies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bombay\|bombay]] | /bɒm'bei/ | n. 孟买 | n a city in western India just off the coast of the Arabian Sea; India's 2nd lar | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cruller\|cruller]] | /'krʌlә/ | n. 油煎饼 | n. small friedcake formed into twisted strips and fried; richer than doughnuts | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, will you grab me a cruller?  Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#darker\|darker]] |  | a. 较暗, 比较暗的 | a devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it’s getting darker and more painful, tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heal\|heal]] | /hi:l/ | vi. 痊愈 | v. get healthy again | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it’s getting darker and more painful, tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haunt\|haunt]] | /hɒ:nt/ | n. 常到的地方, 生息地 | n. a frequently visited place | 1 | 6 | 5 | *No-no, it’ll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fade\|fade]] | /feid/ | vi. 褪色, 消失, 凋谢 | n. gradually ceasing to be visible | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Why don’t you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you’re, y’know, that you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adjust\|adjust]] | /ә'dʒʌst/ | vt. 调整, 使适应于, 校准 | v. alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Why don’t you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you’re, y’know, that you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mcneeley\|mcneeley]] |  | [人名] 麦克尼利 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay!   "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we’d like you to come on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hiya\|hiya]] | /'haijә/ | int. 你好! |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hiya!* |
| alex |  | [计] 开放网络文件系统 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hi Alex!  And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiddo\|kiddo]] | /'kidәu/ | n. 老兄, 老姐 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’m sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don’t you uh, lift up your shirt?  Take a look at this kiddo.  We have a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#russell\|russell]] | /'rʌsәl/ | n. 拉塞尔（英国工程师, 整流器发明人） | n. United States religious leader who founded the sect that is now called Jehova | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yes, this Russell, Ross’s divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven’t heard from him, I assum* |
| nooooooo |  | [网络] 休假一天 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ross got married again—Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carbon\|carbon]] | /'kɑ:bәn/ | n. 碳, 副本, 复写纸 | n. an abundant nonmetallic tetravalent element occurring in three allotropic for | 1 | 5 | 4 | *All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nonsense\|nonsense]] | /'nɒnsәns/ | n. 无意义的事, 荒谬言行, 荒唐 | n. a message that seems to convey no meaning | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Come again? What’s-what’s this nonsense?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] | /'wudn/ | a. 木制的, 呆笨的, 木然的 | s. made or consisting of (entirely or in part) or employing wood | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don’t hold back.  and Phoebe picks up a woode* |
