---
season: 6
episode: "07"
title: "The One Where Phoebe Runs"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E07 — The One Where Phoebe Runs

*Written by: Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen Plummer*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe and Rachel’s new apartment, Rachel and Phoebe are making their answering machine message.

**Phoebe:** Ready?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Hi...

**Phoebe:** it's...

**Rachel:** Rachel...

**Phoebe:** and…

**Rachel:** Phoebe’s...

**Phoebe:** please...

**Rachel:** leave...

**Phoebe:** leave…

**Rachel:** Wait, I-I just said "leave."

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it’s," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.

**Rachel:** Phoebe, come on that's [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]].

**Phoebe:** All right, so let's switch.

**Rachel:** No, I have all of the good words. OK, fine, fine, we can switch.

**Phoebe:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** Hi…

**Rachel:** Everybody…

**Phoebe:** It's…

**Rachel:** Rachel…

**Phoebe:** and…

**Rachel:** Phoebe’s…

**Phoebe:** Please...wait, how did you do that?

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** Oh, you're no [[Friends-词汇总表#ordinary\|ordinary]] [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] are you?

**Rachel:** Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don't you come with me?!

**Phoebe:** Really?

**Rachel:** Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y’know [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bonding]] thing.

**Phoebe:** Okay, let's go running!

**Rachel:** Yeah and there's really cute guys there.

**Phoebe:** Let's run towards them!

**Rachel:** OK!

**Phoebe:** All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks!

**Rachel:** Now wait a minute. You just took all the words!

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler’s new apartment, Ross and Chandler are there.

**Ross:** So, I just finished this [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinating]] book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So [[Friends-词汇总表#theoretically\|theoretically]] you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] as a machine.

**Chandler:** *(not amused)* And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.


> [!scene] Monica enters

**Monica:** Hey! Ross and Chandler: Hey!

**Monica:** *(jumps over a box)* Honey, that's a great idea [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nailing]] the boxes to the floor!

**Chandler:** I didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] the boxes to the floor.

**Monica:** Oh, So you can move them!

**Chandler:** Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.


> [!scene] Joey enters with his new roommate who is played by none other than Elle MacPherson.

**Joey:** Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]!

**Janine:** Hi.

**Ross:** Hi! *(Rushes over to shake her hand instantly.)*

**Janine:** Hi

**Joey:** Yeah, she's gonna live with me!

**Monica:** It's nice to meet you. Janine...?

**Janine:** Lecroix. Janine Lecroix

**Joey:** I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!

**Chandler:** So, uh, wh-where ya from?

**Janine:** Australia, I just moved here a couple of weeks ago.

**Joey:** *(shocked)* From the land down under? I didn't know that either!

**Ross:** So uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]]-uh, what do you do?

**Janine:** I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]].

**Joey:** You're a [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]]? She-she's a dancer!

**Janine:** Well, I think I'll go and [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]].

**Joey:** Oh, hey let me. *(Opens the door for Janine and after he closes the door behind her gasps ecstatically.)*

**Monica:** Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?

**Joey:** Of course I did.

**Monica:** Uh-huh, what exactly did you ask her?

**Joey:** "When can you move in?"

**Ross:** Thank you for bringing her into our lives.

**Chandler:** Unbelievable

**Monica:** Oh, so you like her too Chandler?

**Chandler:** Hey, look at all the boxes!

**Joey:** Ugh, I cannot wait to ask her out!

**Monica:** Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]. It-it'll be way too [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]].

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.

**Chandler:** All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] it was when you guys [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bumped]] into each other at the [[Friends-词汇总表#supermarket\|supermarket]]?

**Joey:** Oh God, yeah.

**Chandler:** Now [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] you live at the [[Friends-词汇总表#supermarket\|supermarket]].

**Joey:** *(happily)* Okay!

**Chandler:** No-no

**Joey:** Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!

**Monica:** Yeah and you better watch the [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]] too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]].

**Joey:** Well, that's gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] woman and not [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]].

**Monica:** *(chuckles)* Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]].

**Joey:** You a little sad about that [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]]?


> [!scene] Scene, The Park: Phoebe and Rachel are getting ready to go running

**Phoebe:** I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]], so you go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]], I'll catch up.

**Rachel:** Okay. *(Runs off.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(Starts running crazily with her arms flapping and her legs far apart)* Come on! That's not running! Let's go! *(Rachel pauses, then follows, embarrassed.)*


> [!scene] Scene, Central Perk: Rachel, Ross and Monica are there

**Rachel:** You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.

**Ross:** Monica had such a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.

**Rachel:** Oh! I used to do that too!

**Monica:** Did you also have his album, It's Not Easy Being Green?

**Rachel:** Aw, Mon...*(Kisses her on the cheek)*

**Monica:** So, Phoebe runs weird huh?

**Rachel:** Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.

**Monica:** Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** You're right, you're right. I should just tell her the truth.


> [!scene] Phoebe enters

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Pheebs, Monica tripped me, I don't think I can ever run again, ever!

**Phoebe:** Why? Why would you do that?

**Monica:** I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankles]].

**Rachel:** Ankle.

**Monica:** We'll see.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler’s new apartment, Chandler is putting something away under the sink.

**Chandler:** OK, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpacked]]. Thanks for helping me man. *(Turns around and sees that Joey isn't there.)* Joe? *(Hears giggling coming from a box)* Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]]. *(Hears the giggling again)*

**Joey:** *(jumps out of the box)* I Gotcha!!

**Chandler:** *(pretending)* Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.

**Joey:** Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!

**Chandler:** Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica’s gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place [[Friends-词汇总表#spotless\|spotless]]. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]], I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?

**Joey:** *(raises his hand)* I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-[[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]] thing?

**Joey:** Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] you know? I got all this built up [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]] energy and I don't know how to get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of it. *(Gives Chandler the "Joey-love," look.)* How you doin?


> [!scene] Scene Joey and Janine’s new apartment, Janine is there. Joey walks in to see Janine bent over, stretching.

**Joey:** *(voice cracking)* Ohhhh man

**Janine:** Sorry, there's just more room out here.

**Joey:** No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminded]] me that uh, I need to do my [[Friends-词汇总表#stretch\|stretches]] too. *(Starts to stretch, groans painfully)*

**Janine:** *(touches his waist)* Why don't you try to do-

**Joey:** *(jumps up and yells)*

**Janine:** What's wrong?

**Joey:** Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all [[Friends-词汇总表#sweaty\|sweaty]] from the [[Friends-词汇总表#workout\|workout]]. I better hit the shower. *(Goes into the bathroom and comes back out quickly)* Oh my God!

**Janine:** Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thongs]] are too [[Friends-词汇总表#delicate\|delicate]] for the [[Friends-词汇总表#dryer\|dryer]].

*(Joey laughs nervously and goes to his bedroom.)*


> [!scene] Scene, The Park, Rachel is running and Phoebe is hiding behind a tree.

**Phoebe:** *(jumps in front of Rachel)* Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] this morning and [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] out. You lied so you could run by yourself.

**Rachel:** No, no Phoebe no, I was...no. You know what, I was, I was actually just checking to, see, if I could run. And I can!

**Phoebe:** Please Rachel, I am not an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]. *(Runs off)*

**Rachel:** No, wait Phoebe.


> [!scene] Scene, Monica and Chandler’s, Chandler is there. Everything is out of its place and Chandler's cleaning.

**Ross:** *(enters)* Wow, couples who live together do start to look [[Friends-词汇总表#alike\|alike]]. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#cha\|cha]] doin?

**Chandler:** What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!

**Ross:** Did you get Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#authorization\|authorization]] to move all of her stuff?

**Chandler:** Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.

**Ross:** Put it back exactly where you found it?

**Chandler:** Yes I'm gonna put it back *(Mocking Ross)* exactly where I found it.

**Ross:** ‘Kay, first of all, this [[Friends-词汇总表#attitude\|attitude]] is not helping.

**Chandler:** She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.

**Ross:** Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?

**Chandler:** She is gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] that I did a nice thing and-and, [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it.

**Ross:** Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] can come and live with me.

**Chandler:** I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.

**Ross:** Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak…out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.

**Chandler:** No, she's not okay? And I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. *(Picks up the phone and wipes it off)* Phone's done ehh.

**Monica:** *(on phone)* Hi!

**Chandler:** Hey Mon, how's it going?

**Monica:** Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wreck]] stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.

**Chandler:** Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.

**Monica:** It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.

**Chandler:** No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.

**Monica:** Well, are you just hanging out with Ross?

**Chandler:** It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! *(To Ross)* She's-she's gonna kill me.

**Ross:** Yeah, the phone was facing the other way. *(Chandler fixes it and a picture frame off the table.)* And that goes back up there.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, continued from earlier.

**Chandler:** We should start with the big stuff. Y’know? That'll be the [[Friends-词汇总表#easiest\|easiest]]. Uh, let's start with the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. *(He picks up one end and Ross doesn't help)* I got it. *(He moves it back to where he thinks it goes.)*

**Ross:** Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.

**Chandler:** What are you talking about? The [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] in line with the [[Friends-词汇总表#carpet\|carpet]]. And then I can just walk over here and [[Friends-词汇总表#casually\|casually]] just put my feet right up on the...*(Tries to rest his feet on the coffee table but they won't reach)* OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] to the coffee table.

**Ross:** Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] won't line up with he back of the [[Friends-词汇总表#carpet\|carpet]].

**Chandler:** OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] to the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]].

**Ross:** Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.

**Chandler:** Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]] but still, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#drawing\|drawing]] her to me like - like a [[Friends-词汇总表#moth\|moth]] to a [[Friends-词汇总表#flame\|flame]]! *(Tries to put his feet on the coffee table...they won't reach and looks around.)* What the hell's going on over here?!?!?

*(Points to Chandler) Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.*

**Ross:** Hey, I've been married 3 times

*(Chandler gives him a round of mock applause.)*

**Joey:** No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a [[Friends-词汇总表#rapport\|rapport]] going with a woman but [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] you manage to kill it. What's your [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]]?

**Ross:** Look, we do not [[Friends-词汇总表#repel\|repel]] women OK? That is completely [[Friends-词汇总表#untrue\|untrue]].

**Chandler:** Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] [[Friends-词汇总表#famine\|famine]]?

**Ross:** Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba [[Friends-词汇总表#dum\|dum]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] chessh"

**Chandler:** Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.

**Ross:** Oh y'know what, girls don't like it when I start talking about science.

**Chandler:** That's not specific to girls.

**Joey:** This is great, this is great, what else, what else?

**Ross:** Uh, they don't like it when you correct their [[Friends-词汇总表#grammar\|grammar]].

**Chandler:** And they don't like it when you [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] why your jokes are funny.

**Ross:** They don't like it when you keep asking them if they like you.

**Chandler:** Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.

**Ross:** *(nonchalantly)* I'm never gonna find love again.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe and Rachel’s, Rachel is there as Phoebe enters.

**Rachel:** Hey Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?

**Phoebe:** Sure

**Rachel:** Okay, um, I...*(Phoebe walks into her room.)* All right Phoebe look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. OK? I handled the situation [[Friends-词汇总表#horribly\|horribly]] and I should not have lied to you.

**Phoebe:** So, what should you have done?

**Rachel:** Well, I-I should've told you the truth.

**Phoebe:** Uh-Huh, Which is...?

**Rachel:** Well, y'know, the reason I didn't wanna go running with you is because um, well y'know the way that you run is a little...*(Starts flapping her arms)*

**Phoebe:** So?

**Rachel:** Well, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]]. People were looking at us like we were crazy.

**Phoebe:** Why do you care?

**Rachel:** Because they're people.

**Phoebe:** But people that you don't know and will never see again.

**Rachel:** Yes, but still. They're people…with eyes.

**Phoebe:** Well, I didn't get [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]] running next to Miss *(panting)*. But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]] to you. Yeah, okay. You're [[Friends-词汇总表#uptight\|uptight]].

**Rachel:** I-I am not [[Friends-词汇总表#uptight\|uptight]]—Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.

**Phoebe:** That's okay Rachel. I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judging]] you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn’t you ever run so fast you thought your [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]] were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swings]] or running away from Satan? *(Rachel looks confused)* The neighbor's dog.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, Chandler has the tape measure out and is busy lining up the lamp on the kitchen counter, Ross is supervising the whole operation.

**Chandler:** Okay, is this [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] in the same place?

**Ross:** Who cares? I [[Friends-词汇总表#repel\|repel]] women.


> [!scene] Monica tries to come in

**Chandler:** *(blocks the door)* No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no!!! You can't come in here! R-r-r-r-Ross is naked.

**Monica:** What?!

**Ross:** *(whispers)* What?!

**Chandler:** *(to Ross)* I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.

**Ross:** Why does anyone have to be naked?

**Monica:** Why is Ross naked?

**Ross:** I-I had to show Chandler something?

**Monica:** Naked?

**Ross:** Yeah-yeah I uh, I have a uh, a guy problem.

**Monica:** Is it the same thing that Chandler had?

**Chandler:** Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.

**Monica:** Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] in the bathroom. Bye!

**Chandler:** Bye! Thank God

**Ross:** Dude, what'd you have?

**Chandler:** Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.

**Ross:** *(realizes something)* The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.

**Chandler:** That's perfect! That's [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]]! *(Starts going through the photo album)*

**Ross:** So really, what'd ya have?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Janine's, Janine's there. Joey enters

**Janine:** Hey Joey, I got some [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] for you.

**Joey:** Uh, don't you mean "for [[Friends-词汇总表#whom\|whom]]?"

**Janine:** Sure, listen I was gonna order some [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]], you wanna share one?

**Joey:** Pizza, [[Friends-词汇总表#heh\|heh]], its not like I never had that before...ba [[Friends-词汇总表#dum\|dum]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] cheshhh.

**Janine:** Is there something wrong?

**Joey:** All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#lovable\|lovable]]. Clearly there's a [[Friends-词汇总表#vibe\|vibe]] going on between us. But, we're [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommates]] and it's a huge [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] for us to continue down this road.

**Janine:** Joey...

**Joey:** No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a [[Friends-词汇总表#supermarket\|supermarket]] and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?

**Janine:** Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.

**Joey:** Oh!

**Janine:** No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.

**Joey:** Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#repel\|repel]] you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.

**Janine:** I don't think so.

**Joey:** Oh, I do. *(Gives her the Joey-love look.)* How you doin?

**Janine:** I'm OK

**Joey:** What?!?!

**Janine:** What?

**Joey:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] God!


> [!scene] Scene: The park, Rachel's running by herself and panting. After a little while she decides to run like Phoebe.

**Rachel:** *(Runs into Phoebe.)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you were right, this feels great!

**Phoebe:** See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!

**Rachel:** Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so [[Friends-词汇总表#graceful\|graceful]]. *(Turns and bumps into a mounted policeman and falls)* Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry! *(Runs off.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, Chandler and Ross are there. Monica enters

**Monica:** Is it okay for me to come in now?

**Chandler:** Uh-huh

**Monica:** Why is everything different?

**Ross:** Bye! *(Runs out)*

**Chandler:** No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much [[Friends-词汇总表#brighter\|brighter]] when you came into it. *(Forced laughter)*

**Monica:** Well, the end table is wrong, The [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] looks [[Friends-词汇总表#bizarre\|bizarre]] and don't even get me started on the [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] [[Friends-词汇总表#magnet\|magnets]].

**Chandler:** Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpacked]] the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

**Monica:** It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?

**Chandler:** Do you want me to be afraid of you?

**Monica:** Of course not. I mean [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.

**Chandler:** Really?

**Monica:** Of course!

**Chandler:** Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.

**Monica:** All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. *(Gets her cleaning gloves on)* Okay, now did Ross sit [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] while he was naked?


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Janine and Chandler are there

**Ross:** So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So [[Friends-词汇总表#theoretically\|theoretically]] we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...

**Janine:** ...and live [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] as a machine!

**Ross:** That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're [[Friends-词汇总表#interfacing\|interfacing]].

**Janine:** Yeah, I gotta go.

**Chandler:** Ba [[Friends-词汇总表#dum\|dum]] bumb cheshhh!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（40）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 3 | 118 | 88 | *Uh-huh, what exactly did you ask her?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 3 | 266 | 138 | *So, Phoebe runs weird huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 3 | 92 | 56 | *Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 3 | 142 | 105 | *Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon!  She's-she's gonna kill me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 2 | 109 | 81 | *Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go thr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it’s," "and" oh I'm sorry, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Yeah and there's really cute guys there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *You a little sad about that sweetheart?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man.  Joe?  Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I bet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Hey, I've been married 3 times* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Well, it's embarrassing. People were looking at us like we were crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful.  Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreci* |

### 常用词（60）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 6 | 79 | 44 | *Oh, you're no ordinary roommate are you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 6 | 75 | 47 | *We should start with the big stuff. Y’know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]] | /'dɑ:nsә/ | n. 舞蹈演员, 跳舞者 | n. a performer who dances professionally | 4 | 20 | 11 | *I'm a dancer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] | /flә:t/ | n. 卖弄风骚的人, 急动, 急扔 | n. playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest | 3 | 32 | 13 | *Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 2 | 58 | 48 | *So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 2 | 58 | 40 | *Now imagine you live at the supermarket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 2 | 56 | 47 | *Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not fl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 2 | 54 | 47 | *She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 2 | 27 | 24 | *What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 2 | 22 | 21 | *Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 2 | 46 | 35 | *Well, it's embarrassing. People were looking at us like we were crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 2 | 73 | 42 | *Sure, listen I was gonna order some pizza, you wanna share one?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *Phoebe, come on that's silly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y’know roommate bonding thing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] | /neil/ | n. 钉子, 指甲 | n. horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Unbelievable* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicate]] | /'kɒmplikeit/ | vt. 弄复杂, 使错综, 使恶化 | v. make more complicated | 1 | 25 | 21 | *Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys br* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys br* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not fl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *You a little sad about that sweetheart?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]] | /ʃu:/ | n. 鞋, 靴, 外胎 | n. footwear shaped to fit the foot (below the ankle) with a flexible upper of le | 1 | 31 | 14 | *I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]] | /'æŋkl/ | n. 踝 | n. a gliding joint between the distal ends of the tibia and fibula and the proxi | 1 | 18 | 11 | *I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man.  Joe?  Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 1 | 19 | 17 | *I Gotcha!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica’s gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don'* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh man* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh reminded me that uh, I need to do my stretches too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] | /sni:k/ | vi. 鬼鬼祟祟做事 | n. a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *Please Rachel, I am not an idiot.* |
| kay | /kei/ | n. 字母K, K字形物 |  | 1 | 17 | 13 | *‘Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] | /'rekәgnaiz/ | vt. 认出, 认可, 承认, 公认, 识别, 赏识 | v. be fully aware or cognizant of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now.  Phone's done ehh.* |
| ehh |  | abbr. 食管裂孔疝（esophageal hiatal hernia）；高压对光栅行幅（场幅）的影响 |  | 1 | 13 | 13 | *No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now.  Phone's done ehh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wreck]] | /rek/ | n. 失事, 残骸, 破坏 | n. something or someone that has suffered ruin or dilapidation | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] | /'pә:fiktli/ | adv. 完全地, 无瑕疵地, 完整地 | r. in a perfect or faultless way | 1 | 20 | 16 | *What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] | /'sʌmhau/ | adv. 不知何故 | r. in some unspecified way or manner; or by some unspecified means | 1 | 12 | 11 | *No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 26 | 15 | *Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] | /swiŋ/ | n. 摇摆, 振幅, 音律, 节奏, 涨落, 秋千, 旋转, 行动自由 | n. a state of steady vigorous action that is characteristic of an activity | 1 | 35 | 17 | *That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]] | /'neibә/ | n. 邻居 | n. a person who lives (or is located) near another | 1 | 19 | 12 | *That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 1 | 23 | 13 | *Okay, is this lamp in the same place?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] | /'briljәnt/ | a. 光辉的, 灿烂的, 有才气的 | s. of surpassing excellence | 1 | 12 | 12 | *That's perfect! That's brilliant!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Hey Joey, I got some beer for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heh\|heh]] | /hei/ | n. 嗨！（表示惊异质问） |  | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Oh dear God!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] | /ri'fridʒәreitә/ | n. 电冰箱, 冷藏库 | n. white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigera* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 1 | 26 | 20 | *All right, hold on okay? First thing's first.  Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?* |

### 低频词（45）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| janine |  | n. 亚尼内（女子名） |  | 4 | 18 | 6 | *Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supermarket\|supermarket]] | /'sju:pәmɑ:kit/ | n. 超级市场 | n. a large self-service grocery store selling groceries and dairy products and h | 3 | 5 | 3 | *All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys br* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repel\|repel]] | /ri'pel/ | vt. 逐退, 抵制, 使厌恶, 抗御 | v. cause to move back by force or influence | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dum\|dum]] |  | [法] 期间内, 只要, 规定为... |  | 3 | 7 | 2 | *Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uptight\|uptight]] | /'ʌp'tait/ | a. 紧张的, 拮据的, 心情焦躁的 | s being in a tense state | 3 | 7 | 4 | *Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theoretically\|theoretically]] | /.θi:ә'retikli/ | adv. 理论上, 理论地 | r. in theory; according to the assumed facts | 2 | 3 | 2 | *So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]] | /.ʌn'pæk/ | vt. 从包裹中取出, 卸下, 打开 | v. remove from its packing | 2 | 9 | 7 | *Well, I think I'll go and unpack.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#authorization\|authorization]] | /.ɒ:θәrai'zeiʃәn/ | n. 授权, 许可 | n. the act of conferring legality or sanction or formal warrant | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Did you get Monica's authorization to move all of her stuff?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carpet\|carpet]] | /'kɑ:pit/ | n. 地毯, 地毯状物 | n. a natural object that resembles or suggests a carpet | 2 | 8 | 7 | *What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ordinary\|ordinary]] | /'ɒ:dinәri/ | a. 平常的, 普通的, 平凡的 | n. a judge of a probate court | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, you're no ordinary roommate are you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinate]] | /'fæsineit/ | vt. 令人入神, 使着迷 | v. to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe | 1 | 10 | 9 | *So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donna\|donna]] | /'dɔnә/ | n. （意）女士（置于女士名字前的尊称, 相当于Madam）；堂娜（女子名） | n. an Italian woman of rank | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys br* |
| kermit |  | [计] Kermit协议 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frog\|frog]] | /frɒg/ | n. 青蛙 | n. any of various tailless stout-bodied amphibians with long hind limbs for leap | 1 | 3 | 2 | *You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spotless\|spotless]] | /'spɒtlis/ | a. 无脏污的, 无缺点的, 无可挑剔的 | s completely neat and clean | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica’s gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stretch\|stretch]] | /stretʃ/ | n. 伸展, 张开, 连绵, 一段路, 一段时间 | n. a large and unbroken expanse or distance | 1 | 8 | 8 | *No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh reminded me that uh, I need to do my stretches too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweaty\|sweaty]] | /'sweti/ | a. 出汗的, 吃力的 | superl. Moist with sweat; as, a sweaty skin; a sweaty garment. | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I bet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#workout\|workout]] | /'wә:kaut/ | n. 试验, 试用, 锻炼 | n the activity of exerting your muscles in various ways to keep fit | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I bet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]] | /θɒ:ŋ/ | vt. 装皮带, 用皮鞭打 | n. underpants resembling a G-string; worn by women especially under very tight p | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicate\|delicate]] | /'delikәt/ | a. 细致优雅的, 微妙的, 美味的 | a. exquisitely fine and subtle and pleasing; susceptible to injury | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dryer\|dryer]] | /'draiә/ | n. 干衣机, 干燥剂 | n. an appliance that removes moisture | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alike\|alike]] | /ә'laik/ | a. 相似的, 同样的 | a. having the same or similar characteristics | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what ‘cha doin?* |
| mondler |  | [网络] 蒙德勒 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what ‘cha doin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cha\|cha]] | /tʃɑ:/ | n. （英俚）茶 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what ‘cha doin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attitude\|attitude]] | /'ætitju:d/ | n. 态度, 看法, 姿势 | n. a complex mental state involving beliefs and feelings and values and disposit | 1 | 6 | 5 | *‘Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easiest\|easiest]] | /'i:ziist/ | a. 轻松的；容易的 | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 3 | 3 | *We should start with the big stuff. Y’know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#casually\|casually]] | /'kæʒjuәli/ | adv. 偶然地, 临时地, 随便地 | r. not methodically or according to plan | 1 | 4 | 4 | *What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moth\|moth]] | /mɒθ/ | n. 蛾害, 蛾, 乌头叶菜豆 | n. typically crepuscular or nocturnal insect having a stout body and feathery or | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flame\|flame]] | /fleim/ | n. 火焰, 火舌, 热情, 光辉 | v. be in flames or aflame | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rapport\|rapport]] | /ræ'pɒ:/ | n. 关系, 融洽, 一致 | n. a relationship of mutual understanding or trust and agreement between people | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#untrue\|untrue]] | /.ʌn'tru:/ | a. 不真实的, 不正确的, 不忠实的 | s. not according with the facts | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irish\|irish]] | /'airiʃ/ | n. 爱尔兰人, 爱尔兰语 | n. people of Ireland or of Irish extraction | 1 | 9 | 5 | *Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#famine\|famine]] | /'fæmin/ | n. 饥荒, 缺乏, 饥饿 | n. a severe shortage of food (as through crop failure) resulting in violent hung | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grammar\|grammar]] | /'græmә/ | n. 语法学, 入门书 | n. the branch of linguistics that deals with syntax and morphology (and sometime | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh, they don't like it when you correct their grammar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horribly\|horribly]] | /'hɒrәbli/ | adv. 可怕地, 非常地 | r of a dreadful kind | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Okay, um, I... All right Phoebe look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. OK? I handled the situati* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#satan\|satan]] | /'seitәn/ | n. 撒旦, 魔鬼 | n. (Judeo-Christian and Islamic religions) chief spirit of evil and adversary of | 1 | 5 | 5 | *That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whom\|whom]] | /hu:m/ | pron. 谁 | pron. The objective case of who. See Who. | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Uh, don't you mean "for whom?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovable\|lovable]] | /'lʌvәbl/ | a. 可爱的, 惹人爱的 | a. having characteristics that attract love or affection | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vibe\|vibe]] | /vaɪb/ | n. 感应 | n a distinctive emotional aura experienced instinctively | 1 | 6 | 5 | *All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#graceful\|graceful]] | /'greisful/ | a. 优美的 | a. characterized by beauty of movement, style, form, or execution | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful.  Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brighter\|brighter]] | /braitə/ | a. 聪明的( bright的比较级 ) | a emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bizarre\|bizarre]] | /bi'zɑ:/ | a. 奇异的 | s. conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigera* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magnet\|magnet]] | /'mægnit/ | n. 磁铁, 有吸引力之人, 有吸引力之物 | n. (physics) a device that attracts iron and produces a magnetic field | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigera* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interfacing\|interfacing]] | /'intәfeisiŋ/ | [计] 接口技术, 连接, 接合, 相邻的, 相关的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfa* |
| bumb |  | [网络] 以色列产 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ba dum bumb cheshhh!* |
