---
season: 6
episode: "08"
title: "The One With Ross's Teeth"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E08 — The One With Ross's Teeth

*Written by: Perry Rein and Gigi McCreey*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Janine’s, Chandler knocks on the front door. Joey answers the door.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hi, my name’s Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in [[Friends-词汇总表#battle\|battling]] me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the [[Friends-词汇总表#galaxy\|galaxies]] last [[Friends-词汇总表#remain\|remaining]] energy source?

**Joey:** Sure, [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]] come on in.

**Chandler:** So, is Janine around?

**Joey:** Uh, no, she’s at dance class.

**Chandler:** Can I check out what she did to my room?

**Joey:** Yeah, but, hey look, don’t go through her stuff. She gets really mad.*(Chandler gives him a look and walks to the door of his old room.)*

**Chandler:** *(The room is filled with flowers and a floral print sheet on the bed.)* Oh my God. What is th… it’s like a guy never lived in here. Look, you’ve got to be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]]. This girl thing is [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerous\|dangerous]]. *(Looking around the living room.)* It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spreading]] already.

**Joey:** *(Looking around the room.)* It is???

**Chandler:** *(Picking up a pillow.)* Yeah, is this your pretty pink [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]?

**Joey:** No.

**Chandler:** *(Pointing to the table and picking up the box.)* Is that your [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] little box, that’s too small to put anything in?

**Joey:** No.

**Chandler:** No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you’re going to be sitting around with your [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soaking]] in stuff.

**Joey:** *(With Big Eyes.)* All right, you’re right. I’ll talk to her.

**Chandler:** Yes talk to her. Be a man.

**Joey:** I’m a man.

**Chandler:** Defend yourself.

**Joey:** *(Grunting)* Hmm. *(Monica opens the front door and comes in.)*

**Monica:** Chandler come on. We have to [[Friends-词汇总表#hem\|hem]] the new [[Friends-词汇总表#dust\|dust]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ruffle\|ruffle]].

**Chandler:** Be right there [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetums\|sweetums]]. *(Monica leaves. To Joey.)* A totally different situation.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, The gangs all here. Monica is walking in.

**Monica:** Hey guys.

**Chandler:** Hey, how was your breakfast with Hillary?

**Monica:** It was okay. She’s still kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressed]] because she broke up with her boyfriend.

**Chandler:** Ohh, yeah.

**Ross:** Well, is this Hillary your HOT assistant [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] Hillary?

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Ross:** The one that always [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stares]] at me when I come in?

**Monica:** No, the one who looked at you once because you got in her way.

**Ross:** Still I could tell. She was into me. *(Joey rolls his eyes.)* Well, why don’t you set us up?

**Rachel:** Ohh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress?

**Phoebe:** *(Walking over and Sitting down.)* Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** I’m, uhh, making up [[Friends-词汇总表#flyer\|flyers]] trying to get new [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale’s and use the copy machine.

**Rachel:** Well, sure, but they might think it’s kinda weird considering I don’t work there anymore.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God. What happened?

**Rachel:** I-I, got a job at Ralph Lauren.

**Phoebe:** Well that’s great! Congratulations!! *(She hugs Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah. *(chuckling)* A year ago..

**Phoebe:** *(Hugging her again.)* You’ve lasted a whole year. Good for you.

**Rachel:** But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] so my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] doesn’t see you. Cause Kim will just freak out and she already doesn’t like me very much.

**Chandler:** That’s weird. I don’t think my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] likes me either.

**Monica:** I don’t think mine likes me either.

**Ross:** Maybe it’s a universal thing?

**Joey:** Or maybe, it’s because you’re hanging around here at 11:30 on a Wednesday. *(Everybody gets up.)*

**Chandler:** Yeah let’s head off to work.

**Monica:** We should go.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s office, Phoebe hands Rachel a key card.

**Phoebe:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** Sure.

**Phoebe:** Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.

**Rachel:** Oh my God. Did you talk to him?

**Phoebe:** Yeah a little. He seems really nice. Good [[Friends-词汇总表#kisser\|kisser]].

**Rachel:** What? What!?! You kissed him?

**Phoebe:** Totally.

**Rachel:** *(Gasps)* Phoebe are you serious?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. I was just in there. He [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduced]] himself and the next thing I know, we’re making out. You know.

**Rachel:** Phoebe, I mean, you do know he’s married?

**Phoebe:** No!

**Rachel:** Phoebe…

**Phoebe:** What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he’s married? *(Rachel looks at her.)* No, yeah, I should.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Joey stares at a picture of a bay on the wall. Janine comes out of her room.

**Janine:** Hey Joey.

**Joey:** Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a [[Friends-词汇总表#relative\|relative]] or something?

**Janine:** No, I just thought it was cute.

**Joey:** Yeah, that’s what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh…Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, but some of this new stuff. It’s…too [[Friends-词汇总表#girly\|girly]].

**Janine:** Ohh. Like what?

**Joey:** Like this. *(pointing to the picture)* Pictures of cute babies we don’t know. We..we can’t have that.

**Janine:** Joey, it’s Anne Geddes. She’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] artist.

**Joey:** Look I don’t know this baby. I don’t know if she’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] artist or not. You know, and I don’t want to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] but you’re changing too much around here.

**Janine:** Well, I’m sorry. I just thought I’d try to make the place a little [[Friends-词汇总表#nicer\|nicer]].

**Joey:** Yeah but it’s too much stuff. You know like, you got the [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]] and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.

**Janine:** Well I just thought…

**Joey:** I’m sure it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] watering can, okay. But, come on…and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?

**Janine:** It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curling]] iron.

**Joey:** Ohh, well, that’s ok then. But, okay my [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towels]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#instance\|instance]]. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It’s up here on some [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]]..and…smells different.

**Janine:** It’s clean.

**Joey:** Yeah, well, it feels different.

**Janine:** It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]].

**Joey:** Alright, I can make my peace with the clean [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towels]]…Also what is with these [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chips]] you bought?

**Janine:** No no no no, it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#potpourri\|potpourri]]. You’re supposed to smell it. *(Joey takes a big whiff of the potpourri.)*

**Joey:** *(Voice cracking)* Well that’s like summer in a [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]].


> [!scene] Scene: Elevator at the Ralph Lauren offices, Rachel gets on her boss Kim is there.

**Rachel:** Oh, Kim, Hi. *(Kim doesn’t even look up from her report.)*

**Kim:** Uhh-huh.

**Rachel:** So you know, I…I handed in that marketing report and I never got to hear what you thought.

**Kim:** I didn’t read it.

**Rachel:** Ahh….So…Wow…The spring line, it’s really going to be great this year, huh?

**Kim:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** So I hear the Ralph Lauren [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fooled]] around with someone in the copy room.

*(Kim stops the elevator and turns to Rachel.)*

**Kim:** Tell me everything.


> [!scene] Scene; Central Perk, Monica and Chandler are on the couch. Ross walks in.

**Ross:** Hey guys. Chandler and Monica: Hey.

**Ross:** What’s up? *(He smiles. His teeth are freakishly white.)*

**Chandler:** You know…Oh My God.

**Monica:** What happened to your [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]].

**Ross:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#whiten\|whitened]] them.

**Chandler:** *(Sarcastically)* Really.

**Ross:** Yeah. What do you think.

**Monica:** Well, I think I shouldn’t look directly at them.

**Ross:** Come on, seriously.

**Monica:** Ross they’re really, really, really white.

**Chandler:** Yeah, what was wrong with your old…human [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]].

**Ross:** Ahh, I-I did leave the [[Friends-词汇总表#gel\|gel]] on a little longer then it said to.

**Monica:** How much longer?

**Ross:** A-A day.

**Monica:** Ross you know that tonight is your date with Hillary?

**Ross:** I know. That’s why I did it. *(With a big smile)* Come on, are they really that bad?

**Chandler:** No, no no no. You’ll be fine. *(turning to Monica)* Hillary’s [[Friends-词汇总表#bind\|bind]], right?

**Monica:** She will be after tonight.

**Chandler:** Yeah. *(Rachel walks in.)*

**Ross:** Oh, hey, hey Rach, do you notice anything..ahh…

**Rachel:** Yeah. Your [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]]? Yes, I saw them from outside. *(Sitting down on the couch.)* You guys are never going to believe this. But, Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren.

**Chandler:** What???

**Monica:** Oh my god.

**Rachel:** Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just…made out. And the [[Friends-词汇总表#craziest\|craziest]] thing is, now my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best [[Friends-词汇总表#gossip\|gossip]] she’d heard all year.

**Chandler:** I am [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of all my friends today.

**Monica:** My God, Rachel, I can’t believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]. *(Chandler looks at her.)*

**Chandler:** Hi, I’m Chandler. Your live-in boy

**Monica:** Chandler, please, come on. Look at him. *(Pointing to a picture of Ralph on a magazine,.)*

**Chandler:** Oh, I am no women, but that is one [[Friends-词汇总表#tasty\|tasty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dish]]. *(Phoebe walks in.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey. Here. *(Hands Chandler a copy of her flyer and sees the picture of Ralph.)* Ohh, who’s the silver [[Friends-词汇总表#fox\|fox]]?

**Rachel:** That-that is your make out buddy. Don’t you [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] him? *(Holding up the magazine in front of her face.)* Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me please.

**Phoebe:** That’s not Ralph Lauren. Sounds like him though.

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, no, Ralph doesn’t look anything like that guy. He’s-he’s young and he’s got long hair and a [[Friends-词汇总表#beard\|beard]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#hacky\|hacky]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sack\|sack]].

**Rachel:** Oh My God, Phoebe, that’s not Ralph Lauren. That’s Kenny the copy guy.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Rachel:** Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!

**Phoebe:** Why would the copy guy say he was Ralph Lauren?

**Rachel:** To get you to make out with him!!!

**Phoebe:** Ohhh.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s Apartment, Ross and Monica are there.

**Monica:** *(Holding a shirt in front of Ross.)* Okay, maybe this will make your [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] look less white. *(Ross has a big smile.)* Nope. Okay, colors that don’t work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and [[Friends-词汇总表#purple\|purple]].

**Ross:** I don’t know what I’m going to do. That date starts in like an hour.

**Monica:** Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]]. Your [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] wouldn’t look so [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]].

**Ross:** Oh great. So all I need to do is get some new skin. Thank you.

**Monica:** I’m just saying, if we put just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]] on you.

**Ross:** Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. We’re not 13 anymore.

**Monica:** Ross this is the only thing left that has a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] at working.

**Ross:** But, won’t she notice I have [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]] on?

**Monica:** Please. Half the guys out there have [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]] on.

**Ross:** What??

**Monica:** All right, half the people. I mean, just try it and see.

**Ross:** No. I am not putting on [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]]. *(Knock at the door. Phoebe enters.)*

**Phoebe:** Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these [[Friends-词汇总表#flyer\|flyers]] for me? *(He smiles at her.)* OH!! Demon!! Demon!!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s and Monica’s apartment, Chandler and Monica are sitting at the kitchen table making potpourri sachets.

**Monica:** Now are [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawers]] will smell nice and we didn’t waste these [[Friends-词汇总表#pantyhose\|pantyhose]].

**Chandler:** Yes, God [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbid]] we throw out old [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]. You-you know what? I’m going to go over to Joey’s.

**Monica:** Wait, we’re supposed to [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrapping]] paper [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]].

**Chandler:** Yes, but I feel like I’ve really gotten in touch with my [[Friends-词汇总表#feminine\|feminine]] side enough today. You know. In fact I think we’re two [[Friends-词汇总表#sachet\|sachets]] away from becoming a lesbian couple.

**Monica:** You know what? This has been kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#girlie\|girlie]] day. You’re right, I’m sorry.

**Chandler:** Nah, Nah, it’s okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.

**Monica:** Yeah. Go over to Joey’s. Go over to Joey’s and drink some [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] up some [[Friends-词汇总表#drywall\|drywall]].

**Chandler:** You know when guys hang out they don’t just drink some [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] up [[Friends-词汇总表#drywall\|drywall]]?

**Monica:** When girls hang out, we don’t have [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] fights in our [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]].

*(Chandler gets a hurt look on his face.) I’m sorry. We do. We do. I don’t know why I said that.*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Chandler walks in. Joey and Janine are knitting at the kitchen counter.

**Joey:** Hey Chandler. Come on in. We’re [[Friends-词汇总表#knit\|knitting]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]] [[Friends-词汇总表#holder\|holders]].

**Chandler:** No thanks, Josephine.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s apartment, Chandler enters. Ross is putting on makeup.

**Chandler:** Hey Ross, I was wondering if… Oh my God!! Where are all the men???


> [!scene] Scene: Elevator at the Ralph Lauren offices, Kim’s waiting for it. The door opens and Rachel is inside.

**Rachel:** Ohh, hi, Kim.

**Kim:** Hi Rachel.

**Rachel:** Yeah, remember that thing I told you that happened yesterday? Well it didn’t happen.

**Kim:** You didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#fabric\|fabric]] order from Taiwan?

**Rachel:** Okay, two things didn’t happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that’s not true.

**Kim:** That’s not true?

**Rachel:** No.

**Kim:** Oh that’s interesting? Because I checked and only one [[Friends-词汇总表#keycard\|keycard]] was used to access the copy machine yesterday during [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] and that keycard [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belonged]] to you, Rachel.

**Rachel:** Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.

**Kim:** Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are [[Friends-词汇总表#sadly\|sadly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistaken]].

**Rachel:** I-I don’t want your job. I-I don’t. Ohh this is such a [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my [[Friends-词汇总表#keycard\|keycard]] yesterday. I don’t even know how to use my keycard. *(The elevator stops. Ralph steps on.)*

**Kim:** Hi Ralph.

**Ralph Lauren:** : Hi Kim. *(Dead silence until Ralph gets off the elevator.)*

**Kim:** Yeah, nothing happen. You could cut the sexual [[Friends-词汇总表#tension\|tension]] in here with a [[Friends-词汇总表#knife\|knife]].


> [!scene] Scene: Hillary’s apartmen,. Hillary and Ross are having dinner. He is avoiding opening his mouth.

**Hillary:** And after that, what could I do except become a [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]].

**Ross:** Mmm-Hmm.

**Hillary:** And [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] soon, I hope to open my own restaurant.

**Ross:** Mmm.

**Hillary:** You know, you’re a really great [[Friends-词汇总表#listener\|listener]]. Most guys I go out with, they just talk and talk.

**Ross:** Mm-Hmm.

**Hillary:** After a while it’s like, [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]], you know?

**Ross:** *(Chuckling)* Hmm-Hmm.

**Hillary:** I’ve probably been talking too much. Why don’t we talk about you a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]?

**Ross:** Mmm-Unmm.

**Hillary:** Come on. I want to know.

**Ross:** Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. *(Putting his hand up to block his mouth.)* Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] time I like to read [[Friends-词汇总表#spy\|spy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#novel\|novels]]. But, but, let’s talk more about you. Hmm.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Joey and Monica are arranging flowers. Chandler walks in.

**Joey:** So what’s really [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]]. If you [[Friends-词汇总表#sear\|sear]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#stem\|stems]] of the flowers first in a [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|frying]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pan\|pan]], your [[Friends-词汇总表#arrangement\|arrangement]] will look fresh much longer.

**Monica:** Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]].

**Chandler:** Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.

**Monica:** Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I’m going to [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you to make a [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] [[Friends-词汇总表#feeder\|feeder]] out of just a [[Friends-词汇总表#pine\|pine]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cone\|cone]] and some [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]].

**Joey:** Ohh, I love [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]]. *(Monica leaves. Chandler shuts the door.)*

**Chandler:** What is the matter with you ?!?

**Joey:** What?

**Chandler:** You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#arrange\|arranging]] flowers! *(Pointing to the dish on the table.)* You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey!!

**Joey:** Hey. Hey look I am still Joey, okay. Flowers they’re just, you know, they’re nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] artist. Of a famous baby.

**Chandler:** You’re turning into a women.

**Joey:** No I’m not. Why would you say that? That’s just mean.

**Chandler:** Now I’ve upset you? What did I say?

**Joey:** It’s not what you said. It’s the way you said it….Oh My God, I’m a women!!!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are there.

**Rachel:** Now, she thinks that I made out with him and I did it to get her job.

**Phoebe:** But why didn’t you just tell her the truth.

**Rachel:** I did but she doesn’t think anyone would be stupid enough to [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.

**Phoebe:** Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?

**Rachel:** You were with Kenny today, weren’t you?

**Phoebe:** Just for a second.

**Rachel:** Ohh, Phoebe, what am I going to do?

**Phoebe:** Well, the only thing you can do. Sleep with Ralph Lauren.

**Rachel:** I’m not going to sleep with Ralph Lauren. I mean, I could, but I wouldn’t.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, sleep with Kenny.

**Rachel:** That wouldn’t help me.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, yes it would.


> [!scene] Scene: Hillary’s apartment, Hillary and Ross are finishing up their date.

**Hillary:** I’ve had a really good time tonight.

**Ross:** Mmm.

**Hillary:** You know, I [[Friends-词汇总表#rarely\|rarely]] connect with someone this much on the first date.

**Ross:** *(Giggling)* Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. *(Picking up a piece of bread and covering his mouth.)* Me, [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]]. I’ve had a really good time too, you know. *(Putting the bread down.)*

**Hillary:** Are you going to eat that [[Friends-词汇总表#bread\|bread]]?

**Ross:** *(Putting the bread up to his nose.)* Ohh, I just like the smell. *(Sniffing it.)* Mmmm.

**Hillary:** *(Laughing)* You make me laugh.

**Ross:** Hmm-Hmm.

**Hillary:** Would you like to move over to the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]?

**Ross:** Mmm-Hmm. *(Picking up their wine glasses.)*

**Hillary:** Maybe I’ll just turn the lights down a little.

**Ross:** *(Covering his mouth with the glass.)* How about all the way.

**Hillary:** Okay. *(She goes to turn the lights off and Ross sits on the couch. She has some black light posters on the wall.)*

**Ross:** *(Looking at the posters.)* Wow, cool poster. Or should I say [[Friends-词汇总表#groovy\|groovy]] poster?

*(They sit down on the couch. Ross smiles and the black light fluoresces his teeth.) So, ahh, where were we?*

**Hillary:** Are those your [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]]??

**Ross:** Ohh, you can see them, huh?

**Hillary:** Yes. They’re [[Friends-词汇总表#insanely\|insanely]] white.

**Ross:** I-I, did that for you.

**Hillary:** What’s a matter with you?

**Ross:** What’s a matter with me? You’ve got a black light. It’s 1999!


> [!scene] Scene: Elevator at the Ralph Lauren Offices, Rachel gets in . Kim is there.

**Rachel:** Kim, hi.

**Kim:** Hi Rachel. Ohh, I’ve been meaning to ask you. Have you seen the new Ralph Lauren sheets? Ohh, what am I thinking. Of course you have.

**Rachel:** Okay..Okay.. Look. I’m sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.

**Kim:** Oh, really?

**Rachel:** *(Faking crying.)* Yeah, he [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] me. He said, "Rachel, I can’t do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beautiful women. I can’t do this. I’m married and I’m sorry." And then I don’t know why but he said, "and you will never get promoted. Especially not above Kim, who is an [[Friends-词汇总表#integral\|integral]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cog\|cog]] in the Ralph Lauren machine."

**Kim:** You expect me to believe..*(Doors open, Ralph steps in.)* Hi Ralph.

**Ralph Lauren:** : Hi Kim. *(Dead silence again until he gets off.)*

**Kim:** Oh my God. He just gave you the [[Friends-词汇总表#coldest\|coldest]] look I have ever seen. It’s like he hates you. Then it is true.

**Rachel:** Of course it’s true and it hurts so bad.

**Kim:** Ohh honey come here. *(Hugging Rachel.)* Ohh it will be ok. We’ve all been there.

**Rachel:** You and Ralph?

**Kim:** Kenny the [[Friends-词汇总表#copyboy\|copyboy]]. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Joey paces the floor waiting for Janine. She walks in.

**Janine:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey, uhh, I need to talk to you.

**Janine:** What’s the matter? Are you upset?

**Joey:** I’m sorry but we’ve got to get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of all this [[Friends-词汇总表#girlie\|girlie]] stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to [[Friends-词汇总表#remain\|remain]] a guy place, okay? That’s just the way it has to be.

**Janine:** Well, if that’s what you want. I’ll just put it all in my room.

**Joey:** Great…Great…and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn’t want to make a big deal out of this, you know. *(She starts to collect all the girlie stuff up.)* You could, uh, put the picture of the [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.

**Janine:** Okay.

**Joey:** And, uhh, maybe the watering can there.

**Janine:** Sure.

**Joey:** And a couple of these little [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] boxes.

**Janine:** Joey? Do you want me to put it all in your room?

**Joey:** *(Smiling)* Okay.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（37）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 3 | 155 | 78 | *I’m, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale’s and u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 3 | 197 | 118 | *Well, sure, but they might think it’s kinda weird considering I don’t work there anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Oh my God. What happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 3 | 422 | 131 | *Phoebe, I mean, you do know he’s married?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he’s married?  No, yeah, I should.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 3 | 109 | 68 | *No no no no, it’s potpourri. You’re supposed to smell it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 3 | 217 | 129 | *Well, the only thing you can do. Sleep with Ralph Lauren.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 2 | 99 | 84 | *Hi, my name’s Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Be right there sweetums.  A totally different situation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Well, sure, but they might think it’s kinda weird considering I don’t work there anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *No, I just thought it was cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 2 | 133 | 83 | *I’m sure it’s a famous watering can, okay. But, come on…and what is with the really hot stick in the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 2 | 109 | 81 | *Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Yeah. Go over to Joey’s. Go over to Joey’s and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *You know when guys hang out they don’t just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *Now I’ve upset you? What did I say?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Yeah, but, hey look, don’t go through her stuff. She gets really mad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you’re going * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *It was okay. She’s still kind of depressed because she broke up with her boyfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Ohh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *I don’t think mine likes me either.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *What? What!?! You kissed him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Yeah, that’s what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh…Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *I’m sure it’s a famous watering can, okay. But, come on…and what is with the really hot stick in the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Come on, seriously.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I’m going to go over to Joey’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *When girls hang out, we don’t have pillow fights in our underwear.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *I did but she doesn’t think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph L* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Are you going to eat that bread?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *You make me laugh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It’s like he hates you. Then it is tr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Of course it’s true and it hurts so bad.* |

### 常用词（57）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 22 | 59 | 18 | *I-I, got a job at Ralph Lauren.* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 16 | 49 | 20 | *I-I, got a job at Ralph Lauren.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] | /'feimәs/ | a. 出名的, 极好的 | s widely known and esteemed | 6 | 25 | 15 | *Joey, it’s Anne Geddes. She’s a famous artist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 6 | 24 | 17 | *What happened to your teeth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 4 | 78 | 41 | *But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 2 | 28 | 22 | *Yeah, is this your pretty pink pillow on the couch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 2 | 75 | 47 | *Yeah, is this your pretty pink pillow on the couch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 2 | 45 | 36 | *Is that your tiny little box, that’s too small to put anything in?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 2 | 56 | 27 | *Well, is this Hillary your HOT assistant chef Hillary?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 2 | 92 | 47 | *But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 2 | 40 | 34 | *It’s dry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 2 | 62 | 35 | *Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I’m going to go over to Joey’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 2 | 59 | 37 | *Yeah. Go over to Joey’s. Go over to Joey’s and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammer]] | /'hæmә/ | n. 锤, 铁锤, 钉锤 | n. the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pul | 2 | 14 | 12 | *Yeah. Go over to Joey’s. Go over to Joey’s and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.* |
| mmm |  | [医] 毫微米 |  | 2 | 21 | 19 | *Mmm-Hmm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]] | /'neibә/ | n. 邻居 | n. a person who lives (or is located) near another | 1 | 19 | 12 | *Sure, neighbor come on in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Oh my God. What is th… it’s like a guy never lived in here. Look, you’ve got to be careful. This gir* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerous\|dangerous]] | /'deindʒәrәs/ | a. 危险的 | a. involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh my God. What is th… it’s like a guy never lived in here. Look, you’ve got to be careful. This gir* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] | /spred/ | n. 传播, 散布, 伸展 | n. process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Oh my God. What is th… it’s like a guy never lived in here. Look, you’ve got to be careful. This gir* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you’re going * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depress]] | /di'pres/ | vt. 使沮丧, 压低, 降低, 使萧条 | v. lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 19 | 18 | *It was okay. She’s still kind of depressed because she broke up with her boyfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *I’m, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale’s and u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Well that’s great! Congratulations!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kisser\|kisser]] | /'kisә/ | n. 接吻的人 | n. someone who kisses | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Yeah a little. He seems really nice. Good kisser.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Yeah. I was just in there. He introduced himself and the next thing I know, we’re making out. You kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Look I don’t know this baby. I don’t know if she’s a famous artist or not. You know, and I don’t wan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]] | /'kændl/ | n. 蜡烛 | n. stick of wax with a wick in the middle | 1 | 33 | 22 | *Yeah but it’s too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] | /'tauәl/ | n. 手巾, 毛巾 | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Ohh, well, that’s ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 1 | 33 | 26 | *Ohh, well, that’s ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Well that’s like summer in a bowl.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *So I hear the Ralph Lauren fooled around with someone in the copy room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *I am proud of all my friends today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *My God, Rachel, I can’t believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I’m so jealous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] | /'rekәgnaiz/ | vt. 认出, 认可, 承认, 公认, 识别, 赏识 | v. be fully aware or cognizant of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *That-that is your make out buddy. Don’t you recognize him?  Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] | /brait/ | a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的 | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was lighter. Your teeth wouldn’t look so bright.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn’t waste these pantyhose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] | /'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | vt. 组织, 有机化, 给予生机 | v. cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Wait, we’re supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 1 | 27 | 23 | *Wait, we’re supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pot\|pot]] | /pɒt/ | n. 盆, 罐, 壶, 坩埚, 奖杯 | n. metal or earthenware cooking vessel that is usually round and deep; often has | 1 | 21 | 13 | *Hey Chandler. Come on in. We’re knitting pot holders.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *You didn’t cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] | /bi'lɒŋ/ | vi. 属于, 合适 | v. be owned by; be in the possession of | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Oh that’s interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine ye* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] | /'sʌmdei/ | adv. 有一天 | r. some unspecified time in the future | 1 | 16 | 13 | *And someday soon, I hope to open my own restaurant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *After a while it’s like, shut your mouth, you know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] | /ni:t/ | a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的 | s. clean or organized | 1 | 15 | 13 | *So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fry]] | /frai/ | n. 油炸食物, 鱼苗 | n. English painter and art critic (1866-1934) | 1 | 21 | 10 | *So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I’m going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I’m going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] | /'pi:nʌt/ | n. 花生, 小人物, 极小的数额 | n. underground pod of the peanut vine | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I’m going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butter\|butter]] | /'bʌtә/ | n. 奶油, 黄油 | n. an edible emulsion of fat globules made by churning milk or cream; for cookin | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I’m going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *I did but she doesn’t think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph L* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Hmm-Hmm-Hmm.  Me, neither. I’ve had a really good time too, you know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bread\|bread]] | /bred/ | n. 面包, 生计, 食物 | n. food made from dough of flour or meal and usually raised with yeast or baking | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Are you going to eat that bread?* |
| mmmm |  | abbr. multiunit network management and maintenance message 多 |  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Ohh, I just like the smell.  Mmmm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can’t do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beauti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *I’m sorry but we’ve got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay.* |

### 低频词（73）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| kenny | /'keni/ | n. 肯尼（姓氏） |  | 7 | 9 | 3 | *Oh My God, Phoebe, that’s not Ralph Lauren. That’s Kenny the copy guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hillary\|hillary]] | /'hiləri:/ | n. 希拉里（美国现任国务卿） | n. New Zealand mountaineer who in 1953 first attained the summit of Mount Everes | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Hey, how was your breakfast with Hillary?* |
| kim |  | n. 金姆（人名） |  | 5 | 9 | 4 | *But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]] | /'meikʌp/ | n. 组成, 性格, 化妆品, 化装(术), 虚构, 补考 | n. cosmetics applied to the face to improve or change your appearance | 4 | 14 | 9 | *I’m just saying, if we put just a little bit of makeup on you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#keycard\|keycard]] |  | 钥匙牌 |  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Oh that’s interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine ye* |
| janine |  | n. 亚尼内（女子名） |  | 2 | 18 | 6 | *So, is Janine around?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flyer\|flyer]] | /'flaiә/ | n. 飞鸟, 飞行物, 飞行员, 快车, 传单, 飞跳 | n an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide | 2 | 5 | 4 | *I’m, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale’s and u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#demon\|demon]] | /'di:mәn/ | n. 魔鬼 | n. someone extremely diligent or skillful | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me?  OH!! Demon!! Demon!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlie\|girlie]] | /'gә:li/ | n. 少女 |  | 2 | 7 | 4 | *You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You’re right, I’m sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drywall\|drywall]] | /'draɪwɔ:l/ | 干式墙 | n a wide flat board used to cover walls or partitions; made from plaster or wood | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah. Go over to Joey’s. Go over to Joey’s and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#battle\|battle]] | /'bætl/ | n. 战役 | n. a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hi, my name’s Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#galaxy\|galaxy]] | /'gælәksi/ | n. 银河, 星系, 一群(显赫的人物) | n. a splendid assemblage (especially of famous people) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hi, my name’s Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remain\|remain]] | /ri'mein/ | vi. 保持, 逗留, 剩余 | v. be left; of persons, questions, problems, results, evidence, etc. | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Hi, my name’s Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soak]] | /sәuk/ | n. 浸, 湿透, 大雨 | n. the process of becoming softened and saturated as a consequence of being imme | 1 | 6 | 6 | *No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you’re going * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#defend\|defend]] | /di'fend/ | vt. 防护, 辩护, 防卫 | v. argue or speak in defense of | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Defend yourself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hem\|hem]] | /hem/ | n. 边缘, 折边, 哼声 | n. the edge of a piece of cloth; especially the finished edge that has been doub | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Chandler come on. We have to hem the new dust ruffle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dust\|dust]] | /dʌst/ | n. 灰尘, 尘埃, 粉末, 花粉, 土, 骚乱 | n. fine powdery material such as dry earth or pollen that can be blown about in  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Chandler come on. We have to hem the new dust ruffle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruffle\|ruffle]] | /'rʌfl/ | n. 皱褶, 波纹, 生气, 混乱 | v. trouble or vex | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Chandler come on. We have to hem the new dust ruffle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetums\|sweetums]] |  | n. 〈美〉甜姐儿 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Be right there sweetums.  A totally different situation.* |
| bloomingdale |  | n. 布卢明代尔百货公司 |  | 1 | 12 | 9 | *I’m, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale’s and u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relative\|relative]] | /'relәtiv/ | n. 亲戚, 关系词 | n. a person related by blood or marriage | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girly\|girly]] | /'ɡә:li/ | a. 像少女的 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, that’s what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh…Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anne\|anne]] | /æn/ | n. 安妮（女子名） | n. Queen of England and Scotland and Ireland; daughter if James II and the last  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Joey, it’s Anne Geddes. She’s a famous artist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geddes\|geddes]] |  | n. (Geddes)人名；(英)格迪斯；(西)赫德斯 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Joey, it’s Anne Geddes. She’s a famous artist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nicer\|nicer]] |  | a. 良好的 | a pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well, I’m sorry. I just thought I’d try to make the place a little nicer.* |
| foofy |  | [网络] 愚蠢的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah but it’s too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curl]] | /kә:l/ | n. 拳曲, 鬈发 | n. American chemist who with Richard Smalley and Harold Kroto discovered fullere | 1 | 7 | 5 | *It’s a curling iron.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instance\|instance]] | /'instәns/ | n. 建议, 情况, 例子, 场合 | n an occurrence of something | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Ohh, well, that’s ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potpourri\|potpourri]] | /pәu'puri(:)/ | n. 混合物, 杂曲, 混成曲, 杂集, 大杂烩 | n. a jar of mixed flower petals and spices used as perfume | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No no no no, it’s potpourri. You’re supposed to smell it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whiten\|whiten]] | /'hwaitn/ | vt. 使白, 漂白 | v. turn white | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I whitened them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gel\|gel]] | /dʒel/ | n. 胶化体, 凝胶 | n. a colloid in a more solid form than a sol | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Ahh, I-I did leave the gel on a little longer then it said to.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bind\|bind]] | /baind/ | vt. 绑, 约束, 装订, 包扎, 使结合 | n. something that hinders as if with bonds | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, no no no. You’ll be fine.  Hillary’s bind, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#craziest\|craziest]] |  | 疯狂的（crazy的最高级） | s affected with madness or insanity | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just…made out. And the craziest thing is, now my* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gossip\|gossip]] | /'gɒsip/ | n. 闲聊, 随笔, 流言, 爱讲闲话的人 | n. a report (often malicious) about the behavior of other people | 1 | 6 | 2 | *Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just…made out. And the craziest thing is, now my* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tasty\|tasty]] | /'teisti/ | a. 好吃的, 可口的 | a. pleasing to the sense of taste | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dish]] | /diʃ/ | n. 盘子, 碟, 菜肴 | n. a piece of dishware normally used as a container for holding or serving food | 1 | 13 | 9 | *Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fox\|fox]] | /fɒks/ | n. 狐狸, 狡猾的人 | n. alert carnivorous mammal with pointed muzzle and ears and a bushy tail; most  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey. Here.  Ohh, who’s the silver fox?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beard\|beard]] | /biәd/ | n. 胡须 | n. the hair growing on the lower part of a man's face | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Yeah, no, Ralph doesn’t look anything like that guy. He’s-he’s young and he’s got long hair and a be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hacky\|hacky]] | /'hæki/ | n. 出租汽车司机 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, no, Ralph doesn’t look anything like that guy. He’s-he’s young and he’s got long hair and a be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sack\|sack]] | /sæk/ | n. 麻布袋, 洗劫 | n. a bag made of paper or plastic for holding customer's purchases | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah, no, Ralph doesn’t look anything like that guy. He’s-he’s young and he’s got long hair and a be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purple\|purple]] | /'pә:pl/ | n. 紫色, 帝位 | n. a purple color or pigment | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white.  Nope. Okay, colors that don’t work are blue,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]] | /'laitә/ | n. 点火者, 点灯工人, 打火机, 驳船 | n. a device for lighting or igniting fuel or charges or fires | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was lighter. Your teeth wouldn’t look so bright.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pantyhose\|pantyhose]] | /'pæntihәuz/ | n. 连裤袜 | n. a woman's tights consisting of underpants and stockings | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn’t waste these pantyhose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbid]] | /fә'bid/ | vt. 禁止, 不准, 妨碍 | v. command against | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I’m going to go over to Joey’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feminine\|feminine]] | /'feminin/ | a. 女性的, 阴性的, 柔弱的 | n. a gender that refers chiefly (but not exclusively) to females or to objects c | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Yes, but I feel like I’ve really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sachet\|sachet]] | /sæ'ʃei/ | n. 小袋, 香料袋 | n. a small soft bag containing perfumed powder; used to perfume items in a drawe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, but I feel like I’ve really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knit\|knit]] | /nit/ | v. 编织, 结合 | n. a fabric made by knitting | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Hey Chandler. Come on in. We’re knitting pot holders.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#holder\|holder]] | /'hәuldә/ | n. 持有人, 所有人, 支持物 | n. a holding device | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey Chandler. Come on in. We’re knitting pot holders.* |
| josephine | /'dʒәuzifi:n/ | n. 约瑟芬（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No thanks, Josephine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fabric\|fabric]] | /'fæbrik/ | n. 织物, 布, 结构, 构造, 建筑物 | n. artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synt | 1 | 5 | 5 | *You didn’t cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taiwan\|taiwan]] | /'tai'wɑ:n/ | n. 台湾 | n. a government on the island of Taiwan established in 1949 by Chiang Kai-shek a | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You didn’t cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sadly\|sadly]] | /'sædli/ | adv. 悲痛地, 悲惨地, 悲伤地, 说来遗憾 | r. in an unfortunate way | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tension\|tension]] | /'tenʃәn/ | n. 紧张, 不安, 拉紧, 张力, 压力, 电压 | n. (psychology) a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah, nothing happen. You could cut the sexual tension in here with a knife.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knife\|knife]] | /naif/ | n. 小刀, 匕首 | n. edge tool used as a cutting instrument; has a pointed blade with a sharp edge | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Yeah, nothing happen. You could cut the sexual tension in here with a knife.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#listener\|listener]] | /'lisnә/ | n. 收听者, 听众 | n someone who listens attentively | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You know, you’re a really great listener. Most guys I go out with, they just talk and talk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] | /spєә/ | n. 剩余, 备用品, 备件, 备用零件, 备用轮胎 | n. a score in tenpins; knocking down all ten after rolling two balls | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Hmm-Hmm-Hmm.  Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spy\|spy]] | /spai/ | n. 间谍, 侦探, 侦察 | n. (military) a secret agent hired by a state to obtain information about its en | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hmm-Hmm-Hmm.  Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#novel\|novel]] | /'nɒvl/ | n. 小说, 长篇故事 | n. an extended fictional work in prose; usually in the form of a story | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Hmm-Hmm-Hmm.  Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sear\|sear]] | /siә/ | a. 枯萎的, 凋谢的 | v. make very hot and dry | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stem\|stem]] | /stem/ | n. 茎, 干, 柄, 船首, 血统, 堵塞物 | n. the tube of a tobacco pipe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pan\|pan]] | /pæn/ | n. 平锅, 浅盘, 盆地, 硬土层, 拍摄全景 | n. cooking utensil consisting of a wide metal vessel | 1 | 9 | 8 | *So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrangement\|arrangement]] | /ә'reindʒmәnt/ | n. 排列, 整齐, 安排 | n. an orderly grouping (of things or persons) considered as a unit; the result o | 1 | 4 | 3 | *So what’s really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeder\|feeder]] | /'fi:dә/ | n. 饲养者, 供给者, 奶瓶 | n. an animal being fattened or suitable for fattening | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I’m going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pine\|pine]] | /pain/ | n. 松树, 松木 | n. a coniferous tree | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I’m going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cone\|cone]] | /kәun/ | n. 圆锥体, 球果 | n. any cone-shaped artifact | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I’m going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrange\|arrange]] | /ә'reindʒ/ | v. 安排, 排列, 达成协议 | v. put into a proper or systematic order | 1 | 6 | 5 | *You’re arranging flowers!  You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rarely\|rarely]] | /'rєәli/ | adv. 很少地, 罕有地 | r. not often | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You know, I rarely connect with someone this much on the first date.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groovy\|groovy]] | /'gru:vi/ | a. 槽的, 墨守成规的 | s. (British informal) very chic | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insanely\|insanely]] |  | adv. 精神错乱地, 疯狂地, 极其愚蠢地, 脱离实际地 | r. in an insane manner | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yes. They’re insanely white.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#integral\|integral]] | /'intigrәl/ | n. 整体, 积分, 整数 | n. the result of a mathematical integration; F(x) is the integral of f(x) if dF/ | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can’t do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beauti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cog\|cog]] | /kɒg/ | n. 嵌齿, 小船 | n. a subordinate who performs an important but routine function | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can’t do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beauti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coldest\|coldest]] |  | 冷的 | a having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or h | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It’s like he hates you. Then it is tr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#copyboy\|copyboy]] | /'kɒpibɒi/ | n. (送稿件的)勤务工 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Kenny the copyboy. Ending Credits* |
