---
season: 6
episode: "14"
title: "The One Where Chandler Can&#146;t Cry"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E14 — The One Where Chandler Can&#146;t Cry

*Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel is still looking out the window as Joey enters.

**Joey:** *(sees Rachel)* Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh… Oh wait, I don’t have to lie to you, you don’t live here anymore. Uh, I’m eating their food. What are you doing?

**Rachel:** Ross is on a date with my sister and they [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]] two and a-half-hours ago.

**Joey:** Whoa, I didn’t know we could date your sister!

*(Chandler and Monica enter from their room and Joey quickly hides the bag of potato chips behind his back.)*

**Monica:** Joey we know you steal our food.

*(Joey offers them some potato chips.)*

**Chandler:** I’m good.

**Monica:** *(To Rachel)* Oh, are the [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]] still closed [[Friends-词汇总表#hon\|hon]]?

**Rachel:** Yeah. And y’know who should’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] their [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]]? Is that [[Friends-词汇总表#pervert\|perverted]] old couple two doors over.

**Chandler:** *(looking)* Is that a [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]]?

**Rachel:** Oh don’t even ask!

**Chandler:** Yuck!

**Joey:** I can’t believe Ross went out with Rachel’s sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.

**Chandler:** That was like 5 years ago.

**Joey:** Yeah you got 5 years left!

**Chandler:** Joey…

**Joey:** You wanna make it 6?!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is on the couch reading as Rachel enters. It’s the next day.

**Rachel:** Oh Ross, hi! Hey, how are ya? There you are!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** *(to Gunther)* I’ll take a coffee. *(To Ross)* So how was your big date last night?

**Ross:** Uhh, it was okay. Yeah, it was fun.

**Rachel:** Yeah fun? Great! So uh, so did you guys hit it off?

**Ross:** I guess so.

**Rachel:** So uh, so did anything happen? Because [[Friends-词汇总表#rumor\|rumor]] has it you guys [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]]!

**Ross:** No. No. Nothing happened. I [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]] to uh, show her [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slides]] of my favorite [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossils]].

**Rachel:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slides]]. *(Laughs.)* So really nothing happened.

**Ross:** Something could’ve happened. All right? She-she really [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dug]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slides]]. And-and she was definitely giving me the [[Friends-词汇总表#vibe\|vibe]].

**Rachel:** Right. Was it the, "Please don’t show me another picture of a [[Friends-词汇总表#trilobite\|trilobite]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vibe\|vibe]]?"

**Ross:** Anyway, if she, if she wasn’t in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?

**Rachel:** She asked-asked you out again?

**Ross:** Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine’s Day, the most [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shutting]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]] to show her my [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slides]], if you know what I mean.

**Rachel:** Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can’t! I can’t! I can’t! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can’t. It’s just too weird, all right? I [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can’t do it! I can’t do it.

**Ross:** *(while Rachel is finishing her rant)* Okay! Okay! Okay! It’s okay.

*(Rachel stops.) It’s okay. Hey, it’s too weird for you, I won’t see her again.*

**Rachel:** Thank you. I…yeah.

**Ross:** I mean after tomorrow night.

**Rachel:** No-no-no! No-no-no! Please Ross, I can’t! I can’t do it!

*(Starts to freak out.) It’s just gonna freak me out!!!*

**Ross:** Okay! Okay! Ooh-hey-hey-hey! Okay! Okay! Okay! I’ll-I’ll tell her tonight I can’t see her anymore.

**Rachel:** Ross thanks.

**Ross:** You want me to call her right now?

**Rachel:** Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that’s-that’s crazy—I mean that’s crazy. So what’s-what’s going on with you? What is going on with you?

**Ross:** Well umm, oh! I might be [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaching]] another class this [[Friends-词汇总表#semester\|semester]]!

**Rachel:** Yeah do it now, call right now.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, and Joey are watching ET.

**Monica:** *(crying)* This is my favorite part.

**Phoebe:** *(crying)* Yeah me too.

*(We see the TV and it’s the last scene where ET is saying goodbye.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh y’know what’s [[Friends-词汇总表#sadder\|sadder]] than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] so I was [[Friends-词汇总表#partly\|partly]] crying for that.

**Chandler:** *(totally not crying)* Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]]!

**Joey:** *(crying)* You didn’t cry when Bambi’s mother died?

**Chandler:** Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped [[Friends-词汇总表#drawing\|drawing]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#deer\|deer]]!

**Monica:** Chandler there’s nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don’t have to be so [[Friends-词汇总表#macho\|macho]] all the time.

**Chandler:** I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#macho\|macho]].

**Monica:** Yeah you’re right. I don’t know what I was thinking.

**Chandler:** No, I guess I just never really cried. Y’know? I’m not a crying kind of guy.

**Joey:** Come on man there’s gotta be something that gets you [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choked]] up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]]?

**Chandler:** I’d be sad sure, but I wouldn’t cry.

**Joey:** Okay, what if the [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]] said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."

**Chandler:** Cry?! I just found a talking [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]], I’m rich!

**Monica:** Oh, I’ve got it! I have got it! *(Gets up and gets something from the dresser underneath the TV.)* Pictures from your [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]]. This will get you going good!

*(Chandler starts paging through the album.)*

**Phoebe:** All right, what’s going on there? *(Points to a picture.)*

**Chandler:** Oh, that’s Parent’s Day, first grade. That’s me with the [[Friends-词汇总表#janitor\|janitor]] Martin.

**Monica:** Where were your parents?

**Chandler:** Oh they didn’t want to come!

**Phoebe:** Oh Chandler!

**Monica:** Poor thing!

**Phoebe:** So that story doesn’t make you cry?

**Chandler:** No! Look, I don’t cry! It’s not a big deal! Okay?!

**Joey:** No! It’s not okay! It’s not okay at all!! You’re dead inside!!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is putting away her guitar as a man approaches.

**The Fan:** Excuse me.

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**The Fan:** Are you Phoebe Buffay?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**The Fan:** Can-can I get your autograph, I’m your biggest fan. *(Holds out a napkin and a pen.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh you’re my [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] fan? I’ve always wanted to meet you! Hi!

*(Shakes his hand.) Sure! Yeah! (Signs the autograph)*

**The Fan:** Wow! Wow, thanks a lot! I just wanna say, I think you’re really talented.

**Phoebe:** You’re just saying that because you’re my [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] fan. *(The fan leaves and Joey approaches.)* *(To Joey)* Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay?

*(Points) He’s a fan. (To the fan as she’s leaving) Bye! (Exits)*

**Joey:** *(to the fan)* So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?

**The Fan:** I have no idea what you’re talking about. But I, but I just got Phoebe Buffay’s autograph!

**Joey:** Oh, you’re Phoebe’s fan!

**The Fan:** Oh yeah! I’ve seen all her movies.

**Joey:** Movies?

**The Fan:** That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.

**Joey:** *(laughs)* I don’t think so.

**The Fan:** No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren’t gonna believe this!

*(Exits.)*

**Joey:** Hey Gunther, don’t let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe’s a porn star!

**Gunther:** Well, I wouldn’t call her a star, but she’s really good. You should check out Inspecther Gadget.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, time lapse, Rachel is at the counter as Jill enters.

**Jill:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Jill:** You’ll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn’t even tell me why!

**Rachel:** Ohhh well. Y’know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He’s a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.

**Jill:** Y’know, thanks for trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] me up, but I’m not gonna date some random guy from your work.

**Rachel:** It’s not random, it’s Bob.

**Jill:** It’s probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn’t like the way I dress—No that can’t be it. It’s really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I’m so stupid! I’m just like this [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] pretty stupid girl!

**Rachel:** No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|canceled]] the date? Because I asked him to.

**Jill:** You asked him too?!

**Rachel:** Hm-mmm.

**Jill:** Why?!

**Rachel:** Because you are my sister and Ross and I have this huge history…

**Jill:** I don’t understand, do you want to go out with Ross?

**Rachel:** No.

**Jill:** You don’t want him, but you don’t want me to have him?

**Rachel:** *(changing the subject)* Y’know Bob in Human Resources…

**Jill:** Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubting]] how smart I was! *(Gasps)* You had me [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubting]] my fashion sense!

**Rachel:** Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don’t date Ross! There’s a million other guys out there, you just…

**Jill:** Hey! You have no right to tell me what to do.

**Rachel:** I’m not telling you what to do! I am telling you what not to do!

**Jill:** Why are you so [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] of me?

**Rachel:** Jill this is not about me being [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] of you! This is about you being a [[Friends-词汇总表#brat\|brat]]! Wanting what you can’t have!

**Jill:** Can’t have?! Excuse me, the only thing I can’t have is [[Friends-词汇总表#dairy\|dairy]]!

*(Starts to storm out.)*

**Rachel:** All right, all right, well you just blew your chances at dating Bob!

**Jill:** Who?!

**Rachel:** In Human Resources!!!!!!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel is ranting about Jill to Chandler and Monica.

**Rachel:** …I am [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!

**Monica:** You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] of Princess Caroline?

**Rachel:** Do I have my own [[Friends-词汇总表#castle\|castle]]?

*(Joey and Ross enter.)*

**Ross:** Hey! Uh, Phoebe’s not here is she?

**Rachel:** No.

**Monica:** *(noticing the bag Joey’s carrying)* Oh great! Did you get a movie?

**Joey:** Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I don’t think it’s the kind you’re gonna like.

**Chandler:** You didn’t get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissues]] all night did you?

*(Joey and Ross exchange looks.)*

**Joey:** Sort of…

**Monica:** Guys, what’s going on?

**Joey:** *(holds up the movie)* Phoebe’s a porn star!

**All:** What?!!

*(They all run over to Joey and Ross, Chandler grabs the movie and reads the title.)*

**Chandler:** Phoebe Buffay in Buffay: The Vampire Layer.

**Rachel:** Oh my God!

**Monica:** That’s Phoebe! Where did you get that?

**Joey:** Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.

**Ross:** And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] of him to-to surprise him and, and then I [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretended]] I didn’t know he was in there. *(They all kinda look at him.)*

**Rachel:** Wow! I mean, I just—I can’t, I can’t believe this. Y’know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who’s always been [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhat\|somewhat]] of a question mark.

**Monica:** This is so [[Friends-词汇总表#bizarre\|bizarre]]. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y’know she had such a terrible [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]].

**Chandler:** Hey, I had a terrible [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]] and I don’t do porn.

**Monica:** Yes, but you are dead inside.

**Joey:** All right well, I’d better take that back.

**Monica:** Wh-what, why?

**Joey:** We can’t watch that! I mean that’s Phoebe!

**Monica:** Yeah you’re right, we can’t—we shouldn’t watch this.

**Rachel:** Absolutely not.

**Monica:** *(hands the tape back to Joey, but doesn’t let him grab it)* Y’know maybe a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]!

**Rachel:** Probably just the first half.

**Joey:** No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe’s our friend! Well, I’m not gonna watch it!

**Ross:** Yeah! Good for you Joe!

**Joey:** Yeah.

*(Ross stands next to him for a second, then goes and watches the movie.)*

*(The movie starts, it’s a vampire’s lair and Buffay, The Vampire Layer enters dressed in leather and carrying a wooden stake. Suddenly, the vampire opens his coffin and sits up. Buffay, the Vampire Layer: Ah, I thought I’d find you here, Nasforatool.*

**The Vampire:** Buffay, are you going to plunge your stake into my dark places? Buffay, the Vampire Layer: Actually, I was kinda hoping it would be the other way around.

*(At this point, Buffay, the Vampire Layer and Nasforatool start to get it on. Of course, since this is network TV, we can only see the reactions of the gang to the film playing off screen.)*

**Monica:** Hold on a second! What is that on her [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]]?

**Chandler:** Her [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]] is what you’re watching?

**Rachel:** Well it’s hard to tell… *(Rachel gets up to get a closer look, only she’s having some trouble.)* Oh God, if she would just stop moving.

**Chandler:** She’s just doing her job!

**Joey:** *(sitting at the kitchen table with his back to the TV)* You [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastards]]!

**Rachel:** Oh, it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]]! That’s weird, Phoebe doesn’t… Wait that’s Ursula! That’s not Phoebe that is Ursula!

*(Upon hearing this, Joey can’t turn his chair around fast enough and knocks it over.)*

**Joey:** Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey! What’s up? *(Sees the TV)* Oh my God! What am I doing?!!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is reading Chicken Soup for the Soul as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Hey sweetie!

**Chandler:** Hey! *(He quickly tries to hide the book by throwing it under the couch, only the couch has no back and it slides into the kitchen.)*

**Monica:** *(picking up the book)* Chicken Soup for the Soul?

**Chandler:** There’s no back to this [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]!

**Monica:** Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.

**Chandler:** Yeah I know, but I figured a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] y’know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn’t think I was y’know, all dead inside.

**Monica:** Oh that’s so sweet! Look Chandler I don’t care if you can’t cry, I love you.

**Chandler:** Oh that makes me feel so [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] in my [[Friends-词汇总表#hollow\|hollow]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tin\|tin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]].

**Monica:** Stop it!

**Chandler:** No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we’re up at the [[Friends-词汇总表#altar\|altar]] and I’m like this. *(Makes a bored face.)*

**Monica:** I won’t care, because I know you will be [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] it all in here.

*(Points to her heart.)*

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Monica:** Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don’t cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won’t matter to me.

**Chandler:** Okay, well I won’t uh, worry about this anymore then.

**Monica:** And-and-and if I die, from a long [[Friends-词汇总表#illness\|illness]]. And you’re writing out my [[Friends-词汇总表#eulogy\|eulogy]] and you open a desk [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#shed\|shed]] one [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]], I know you’ll be crying a river inside.

**Chandler:** Aww, I love you so…

**Monica:** What is wrong with you?!!!

**Chandler:** What?!

**Monica:** What?! You can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#shed\|shed]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!

**Chandler:** So you didn’t mean any of that?!

**Monica:** No you [[Friends-词汇总表#robot\|robot]]!!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, his doorbell is ringing and he’s running to answer it while doing up his pants.

**Ross:** You damn kids! You ring my [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] one more time, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] to… *(Opens the door to find Jill standing there.)* Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that’s just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they’ve really taken a liking to me.

*(Quickly looks out to see if they’re watching.) Uhh what’s-what’s-what’s the matter?*

**Jill:** Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we’re not supposed to see each other anymore and I’m okay with that, it’s just that I don’t know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.

**Ross:** Of course, what happened? *(Lets her in.)*

**Jill:** *(entering)* I don’t want to talk about it.

**Ross:** Okay, umm…

**Jill:** But you know what might really [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] me up?

**Ross:** What?

**Jill:** Seeing some more of your super-cool [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slides]].

**Ross:** Wow! Really?!

**Jill:** Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of [[Friends-词汇总表#sand\|sand]].

**Ross:** Well, I’d love to! Here, you wait right here and I’ll go get the [[Friends-词汇总表#projector\|projector]] and my notes!

**Jill:** Oh great! Thanks Ross, you’re such a good friend!

**Ross:** Ohh!

*(He goes into another room to get his projector and notes. While he’s gone, Jill quickly checks her makeup.*


> [!scene] Cut to Monica and Chandler’s, Rachel is entering.

**Rachel:** Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I can’t find her [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]].

**Monica:** No, I haven’t.

**Rachel:** Well, is Ross home? Maybe I’ll just call him to see if he’s actually seen her.

*(She goes to look out the window at Ross’s apartment and sees Jill staring at her and closing the drapes with an evil look on her face. Rachel is stunned into silence.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ursula’s apartment, Phoebe is going to confront her twin about her new porn career.

**Ursula:** Who is it?

**Phoebe:** It’s Phoebe! Phoebe!

*(Ursula opens the door and is all dressed up with big hair and lingerie.)*

**Ursula:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** *(seeing her dress)* Oh God. So-so you’re making porn movies.

**Ursula:** No I’m not.

*(Someone calls out from her apartment.) Man’s Voice: We’re still rolling!*

**Phoebe:** You’re making one right now! Another Man’s Voice: Let’s go Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** And-and you’re using my name!

**Ursula:** Yeah, can I help you with something? Same Man’s Voice: Phoebe, come on!

**Phoebe:** Look, I’m talking right now! You’re—you mean her.

**Ursula:** Y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] stuff is always a real big seller.

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Ursula:** Yeah, I can talk them into giving you like, 30 dollars.

**Phoebe:** No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] on you! *(Yells into the apartment)* And [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] on all of you! You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgusting]]! Especially you *(points to someone)* with that! *(Storms away.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is setting up for the slide show.

**Ross:** Slides are almost ready.

**Jill:** Yeah. Ooh, I know what this is missing! Alcohol!

**Ross:** Uh okay, well there’s-there’s wine in the kitchen.

**Jill:** Oh great! *(Goes to get it as the phone rings.)*

**Ross:** *(answering it)* Hello?

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* What is my sister doing there?! And why are the [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]]?!

**Ross:** O-okay, Rach [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]]-calm down, okay? She-she’s really upset we’re just talking.

**Rachel:** Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get back at me!

**Ross:** So that’s the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn’t have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I’m a good [[Friends-词汇总表#listener\|listener]] and I uh I put on a great [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slide]] show!

**Rachel:** Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!

**Ross:** Y’know what? I think I can take care of myself, I’ll talk to you later. Good-bye. *(Hangs up the phone and turns to find Jill sitting really close to him.)* Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you’re just using me.

**Jill:** So? *(Kisses him passionately.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is reading a paper as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** So, I just came from the company Ursula works for.

**Joey:** Oh no, not you too!

**Phoebe:** No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay’s checks; there were a lot of them.

**Joey:** Nice!

**Phoebe:** Um-mmm, and I won’t have to go there anymore because I gave them my correct address.

**Joey:** That’s great, but isn’t it gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] that people still think you’re a porn star?

**Phoebe:** Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.

**Joey:** You do?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. *(She notices some guy putting a coat on his girlfriend is trying to remember where he’s seen her before.)* *(To him)* You’re trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I’ll give you a [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]]. From porn! Okay? *(He tries to rush his girlfriend out.)* Yeah your [[Friends-词汇总表#pervert\|pervert]] boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! *(To Joey)* See?

**Joey:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, time lapse, Ross is entering. Chandler and Monica are at the kitchen table. Rachel is on the couch reading.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Ross:** *(To Rachel)* You uh, you may have been right about Jill.

**Rachel:** Oh! I knew it! What happened?

**Ross:** Umm, she kissed me.

**Rachel:** What?! You kissed!

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Maybe we should give them some privacy.

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* Shhhh!!!

**Ross:** Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?

**Rachel:** Well, it doesn’t sound like it! I mean, it’s pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don’t kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!

**Ross:** Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn’t stop it. I guess I-I just wasn’t thinking…

**Rachel:** Yeah that’s right you weren’t thinking! Y’know what? Let me give you something to think about! *(She pulls up her sleeves and steps towards him.)*

**Ross:** Oh wait—hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.

**Rachel:** Oh, well thank you for taking your [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] out of my sister’s [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] long enough to tell me that.

**Ross:** Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!

**Rachel:** What?!

**Ross:** No, I mean, look I don’t know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don’t want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my [[Friends-词汇总表#projector\|projector]].

**Rachel:** Wow. I, I don’t even know what to say. Thank you. *(Gently kicks him.)*

**Ross:** You’re welcome. *(Gently kicks her back.)*

*(Chandler starts crying.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God! Are-are you crying?

**Chandler:** *(crying hysterically)* I just don’t see why those two can’t work things out! Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there as Jill enters.

**Jill:** All right, I’m leaving! Because I’m not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to [[Friends-词汇总表#sabotage\|sabotage]] my every move. That’s you Rachel!

**Rachel:** Yeah, I got that.

**Jill:** *(To Ross)* And you! I throw myself at you and you say no, how gay are you?

**Ross:** You take care Jill.

**Jill:** *(happily)* Okay, see ya! *(Exits.)*

**Rachel:** Bye-bye-e!

**Monica:** Bye.

**Chandler:** *(starts crying)* I-I can’t believe Jill’s gone. *(They all look at him.)* I can’t help it, I opened a [[Friends-词汇总表#gate\|gate]].


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（41）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 9 | 181 | 87 | *Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 8 | 101 | 68 | *You didn’t cry when Bambi’s mother died?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 6 | 197 | 118 | *Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh… Oh wait, I don’t have to lie to you, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 6 | 385 | 206 | *So uh, so did anything happen? Because rumor has it you guys shut the drapes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 4 | 442 | 191 | *I guess so.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 3 | 219 | 100 | *Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 2 | 130 | 71 | *I can’t believe Ross went out with Rachel’s sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can’t! I can’t! I can’t! I canno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that’s-that’s crazy—I mean that’s crazy. So what’s-what’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *You’ll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn’t even tell me wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 2 | 60 | 56 | *You’ll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn’t even tell me wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *It’s probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn’t like the way I dress—No t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 95 | 64 | *This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y’know she had such a terrible childhood.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of sand.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh… Oh wait, I don’t have to lie to you, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh… Oh wait, I don’t have to lie to you, you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Joey we know you steal our food.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, it was okay. Yeah, it was fun.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Something could’ve happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, if she, if she wasn’t in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can’t! I can’t! I can’t! I canno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Oh y’know what’s sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Becau* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh well. Y’know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *It’s probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn’t like the way I dress—No t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Can’t have?! Excuse me, the only thing I can’t have is dairy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely not.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we’re up at the altar and I’m like th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we’re up at the altar and I’m like th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Okay, well I won’t uh, worry about this anymore then.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to…  Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that’s just a li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we’re not supposed to see each o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we’re not supposed to see each o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she’s really upset we’re just talking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Yeah.   You’re trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I’ll give you a hint. From po* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *All right, I’m leaving! Because I’m not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to sabota* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *And you! I throw myself at you and you say no, how gay are you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Y’know what? I think I can take care of myself, I’ll talk to you later. Good-bye.  Whoa! Uh, that wa* |

### 常用词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slide\|slide]] | /slaid/ | n. 滑, 滑道, 山崩, 雪崩, 幻灯片 | n. a small flat rectangular piece of glass on which specimens can be mounted for | 6 | 21 | 12 | *No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 4 | 48 | 31 | *Why are you so jealous of me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]] | /'pʌpi/ | n. 小狗, 小动物, 自负的年轻人 | n. a young dog | 3 | 22 | 12 | *Come on man there’s gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]] | /'tʃaildhud/ | n. 孩童时期 | n. the time of person's life when they are a child | 3 | 14 | 10 | *Oh, I’ve got it! I have got it!  Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good!* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 3 | 49 | 29 | *Phoebe Buffay in Buffay: The Vampire Layer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 2 | 28 | 21 | *Oh you’re my biggest fan? I’ve always wanted to meet you! Hi!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 2 | 29 | 23 | *Y’know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I’m not gonna date some random guy from your work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] | /daut/ | n. 怀疑, 疑惑 | n. the state of being unsure of something | 2 | 17 | 14 | *Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was!  You had me doubting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]] | /'prinsis/ | n. 公主, 王妃, 女巨头 | n. a female member of a royal family other than the queen (especially the daught | 2 | 22 | 10 | *…I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ankle\|ankle]] | /'æŋkl/ | n. 踝 | n. a gliding joint between the distal ends of the tibia and fibula and the proxi | 2 | 18 | 11 | *Hold on a second! What is that on her ankle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 2 | 28 | 26 | *And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you’re writing out my eulogy and you open a desk draw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] | /ʃeim/ | n. 羞耻, 羞愧, 耻辱 | n. a painful emotion resulting from an awareness of inadequacy or guilt | 2 | 16 | 14 | *No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you!  And shame on all of you! You’re disgusti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hon\|hon]] | /hʌn/ | [化] δ-羟基-γ-氧代正缬氨酸 |  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh, are the drapes still closed hon?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] | /swiŋ/ | n. 摇摆, 振幅, 音律, 节奏, 涨落, 秋千, 旋转, 行动自由 | n. a state of steady vigorous action that is characteristic of an activity | 1 | 35 | 17 | *Is that a swing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossil]] | /'fɒsәl/ | n. 化石, 古物 | n. the remains (or an impression) of a plant or animal that existed in a past ge | 1 | 14 | 11 | *No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] | /dig/ | vt. 挖, 翻土, 发掘 | n. the site of an archeological exploration | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Something could’ve happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine’s Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what coul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can’t! I can’t! I can’t! I canno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 1 | 27 | 23 | *Oh y’know what’s sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Becau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cartoon\|cartoon]] | /kɑ:'tu:n/ | n. 卡通画, 漫画 | n. a humorous or satirical drawing published in a newspaper or magazine | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choke]] | /tʃәuk/ | vt. 窒息, 阻塞, 噎, 抑制 | n. a coil of low resistance and high inductance used in electrical circuits to p | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Come on man there’s gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 1 | 58 | 20 | *So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remoray\|remoray]] |  | [地名] 勒莫赖 ( 法 ) |  | 1 | 23 | 12 | *So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] | /in'kredәbli/ | adv. 不能相信地 | r. not easy to believe | 1 | 18 | 18 | *It’s probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn’t like the way I dress—No t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.* |
| uhhh |  | [网络] 让她说；我喜欢它；巴洛夫斯克机场 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I don’t think it’s the kind you’re gonna like.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *You didn’t get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *You sick bastards!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *You sick bastards!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *Chicken Soup for the Soul?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] | /su:p/ | n. 汤, 马力 | n. liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pi | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Chicken Soup for the Soul?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *There’s no back to this couch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] | /tʃest/ | n. 胸, 胸部, 衣柜, 箱子 | n. box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 1 | 23 | 19 | *And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you’re writing out my eulogy and you open a desk draw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you’re writing out my eulogy and you open a desk draw* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, I love you so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to…  Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that’s just a li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to…  Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that’s just a li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I can’t find her anywhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 59 | 24 | *Y’know, twin stuff is always a real big seller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgust]] | /dis'gʌst/ | n. 厌恶, 嫌恶 | n. strong feelings of dislike | 1 | 16 | 13 | *No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you!  And shame on all of you! You’re disgusti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *That’s great, but isn’t it gonna bother that people still think you’re a porn star?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]] | /hint/ | n. 暗示, 提示 | n. an indirect suggestion | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Yeah.   You’re trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I’ll give you a hint. From po* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sister’s mouth long enough to tell me that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sister’s mouth long enough to tell me that.* |

### 低频词（41）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drape]] | /dreip/ | n. 布帘, 褶皱 | n. the manner in which fabric hangs or falls | 7 | 12 | 5 | *Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.* |
| bambi |  | n. 小鹿斑比（动画片名） |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh y’know what’s sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Becau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vibe\|vibe]] | /vaɪb/ | n. 感应 | n a distinctive emotional aura experienced instinctively | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Something could’ve happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macho\|macho]] | /'mɑ:tʃәu/ | [医] 结节型皮肤利什曼病 | n. a male exhibiting or characterized by machismo | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Chandler there’s nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don’t have to be so macho all the time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caroline\|caroline]] | /'kærәlaiŋ/ | n. 凯若琳（女子名） | a. of or relating to the life and times of kings Charles I or Charles II of Engl | 2 | 2 | 1 | *…I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rewind\|rewind]] | /ri:'waind/ | vt. 重绕 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shed\|shed]] | /ʃed/ | n. 车棚, 小屋, 脱落之物, 分水岭 | n. an outbuilding with a single story; used for shelter or storage | 2 | 3 | 2 | *And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you’re writing out my eulogy and you open a desk draw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#projector\|projector]] | /prә'dʒektә/ | n. 计划人, 发起人, 规划人, 放映机, 映画器, 幻灯机, 幻灯, 探照灯, 发射器 | n. an optical device for projecting a beam of light | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well, I’d love to! Here, you wait right here and I’ll go get the projector and my notes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pervert\|pervert]] | /pә:'vә:t/ | vt. 使堕落, 使反常, 歪曲, 滥用, 使左右颠倒, 唆使...性变态 | n. a person whose behavior deviates from what is acceptable especially in sexual | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Yeah. And y’know who should’ve shut their drapes? Is that perverted old couple two doors over.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yuck\|yuck]] | /jʌk/ | int. [美俚]啐（表示反感等, 等于yuk） | v. i. To itch. | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yuck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rumor\|rumor]] | /'ru:mә/ | n. 谣言, 传闻 | n. gossip (usually a mixture of truth and untruth) passed around by word of mout | 1 | 8 | 3 | *So uh, so did anything happen? Because rumor has it you guys shut the drapes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trilobite\|trilobite]] | /'trailәubait/ | n. 三叶虫 | n. an extinct arthropod that was abundant in Paleozoic times; had an exoskeleton | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Right. Was it the, "Please don’t show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#valentine\|valentine]] | /'vælәntain/ | n. 情人, 情人节礼物 | n. a sweetheart chosen to receive a greeting on Saint Valentine's Day | 1 | 35 | 7 | *Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine’s Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what coul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] | /ʃʌʃ/ | n. 关闭 | a. not open | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine’s Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what coul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#semester\|semester]] | /si'mestә/ | n. 学期 | n. one of two divisions of an academic year | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Well umm, oh! I might be teaching another class this semester!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sadder\|sadder]] |  | a. 更难过的（sad的比较级） | a experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh y’know what’s sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Becau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#partly\|partly]] | /'pɑ:tli/ | adv. 部分地, 在一定程度上 | r in part; in some degree; not wholly | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh y’know what’s sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Becau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deer\|deer]] | /diә/ | n. 鹿 | n. distinguished from Bovidae by the male's having solid deciduous antlers | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#janitor\|janitor]] | /'dʒænitә/ | n. 守卫, 门警, 管理人 | n. someone employed to clean and maintain a building | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, that’s Parent’s Day, first grade. That’s me with the janitor Martin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gadget\|gadget]] | /'gædʒit/ | n. 小配件, 小玩意, 诡计 | n a device or control that is very useful for a particular job | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I wouldn’t call her a star, but she’s really good. You should check out Inspecther Gadget.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brat\|brat]] | /bræt/ | n. 乳臭未干的小孩, 小孩 | n a very troublesome child | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dairy\|dairy]] | /'dєәri/ | n. 牛奶公司, 乳品店, 乳牛场 | n. a farm where dairy products are produced | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Can’t have?! Excuse me, the only thing I can’t have is dairy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#castle\|castle]] | /'kæsl. 'kɑ:sl/ | n. 城堡, 象棋中的车 | n. a large building formerly occupied by a ruler and fortified against attack | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Do I have my own castle?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vampire\|vampire]] | /'væmpaiә/ | n. 吸血鬼 | n. (folklore) a corpse that rises at night to drink the blood of the living | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Phoebe Buffay in Buffay: The Vampire Layer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#layer\|layer]] | /'leiә/ | n. 层, 产卵鸡, 放置者 | n. single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Phoebe Buffay in Buffay: The Vampire Layer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bleaker\|bleaker]] | /bli:kə/ | a. 阴冷的( bleak的比较级 ) | s. offering little or no hope | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhat\|somewhat]] | /'sʌmhwɒt/ | n. 某物, 几分 | r to a small degree or extent | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wow! I mean, I just—I can’t, I can’t believe this. Y’know, I mean you think you know someone even, e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bizarre\|bizarre]] | /bi'zɑ:/ | a. 奇异的 | s. conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual | 1 | 2 | 2 | *This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y’know she had such a terrible childhood.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]] | /tә'tu:/ | n. 归营号, 连续有节奏的敲击, 文身, 矮种马 | n. a drumbeat or bugle call that signals the military to return to their quarter | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh, it’s a tattoo! That’s weird, Phoebe doesn’t… Wait that’s Ursula! That’s not Phoebe that is Ursul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hollow\|hollow]] | /'hɒlәu/ | n. 洞, 窟窿, 山谷 | n. a cavity or space in something | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tin\|tin]] | /tin/ | n. 锡, 马口铁, 罐头 | n. a silvery malleable metallic element that resists corrosion; used in many all | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#altar\|altar]] | /'ɒ:ltә/ | n. 圣坛, 祭坛 | n. the table in Christian churches where communion is given | 1 | 7 | 6 | *No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we’re up at the altar and I’m like th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#illness\|illness]] | /'ilnis/ | n. 疾病, 恶意 | n. impairment of normal physiological function affecting part or all of an organ | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you’re writing out my eulogy and you open a desk draw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eulogy\|eulogy]] | /'ju:lәdʒi/ | n. 赞词, 称颂 | n. a formal expression of praise for someone who has died recently | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you’re writing out my eulogy and you open a desk draw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#robot\|robot]] | /'rәubәt/ | n. 机械人, 自动机械, 机械般工作的人 | n a mechanism that can move automatically | 1 | 22 | 8 | *No you robot!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sand\|sand]] | /sænd/ | n. 沙, 沙子, 沙滩, 光阴, 生涯 | n. a loose material consisting of grains of rock or coral | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of sand.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alcohol\|alcohol]] | /'ælkәhɒl/ | n. 酒精, 酒 | n. a liquor or brew containing alcohol as the active agent | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah. Ooh, I know what this is missing! Alcohol!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#listener\|listener]] | /'lisnә/ | n. 收听者, 听众 | n someone who listens attentively | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So that’s the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn’t have anything to do with the fact that-* |
| shhhh |  | 嘘（语气词） |  | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Shhhh!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sabotage\|sabotage]] | /'sæbәtɑ:ʒ/ | n. 怠工, 破坏活动, 破坏 | n. a deliberate act of destruction or disruption in which equipment is damaged | 1 | 3 | 3 | *All right, I’m leaving! Because I’m not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to sabota* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gate\|gate]] | /geit/ | n. 门, 牌楼, 大门, 通道, 闸 | n. a movable barrier in a fence or wall | 1 | 15 | 7 | *I-I can’t believe Jill’s gone.  I can’t help it, I opened a gate.* |
