---
season: 6
episode: "15"
title: "The One That Could Have Been"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E15-E0616 — The One That Could Have Been

Part I Written by: Greg Malins & Adam Chase Part II Written by: David Crane & Marta Kauffman Parts I & II Transcribed by: Eric Aasen {Transcriber’s Note: This is an hour-long special episode. Which means that the first part of this episode is episode 615. The second part of this episode is episode 616. Since episodes 615 and 616 are combined into one file, that’s why there is no episode 616 in the season 6 table of contents and the numbers jump from episode 615 to 617.}


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!

**Monica:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** Wow!

**Joey:** *(To Ross)* What is the matter with you?!

**Phoebe:** No! Barry and Mindy.

**Joey:** Oh sorry, I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. *(To Rachel)* Who-who’s Barry and Mindy?

**Rachel:** Barry was the guy that I was almost married and Mindy was my best friend.

**Joey:** Ohh-oh, wasn’t he [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheating]] on you with her?

**Rachel:** Yeah, but that just means that he was falling [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] on top of her instead of me.

**Monica:** Why did they get divorced?

**Rachel:** Well, apparently she caught him [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheating]] on her with someone else. Isn’t that sad? *(Giggles.)* God, could you [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?

**Ross:** I know what you mean, I’ve always wondered how different my life would be if-if I’d never gotten divorced.

**Phoebe:** Which time?

**Ross:** The first time! No seriously, [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] if Carol hadn’t realized she was a lesbian.

**Joey:** *(starts to imagine it)* I can’t. I keep seeing it the good way.

**Ross:** I’d bet I’d still be doing my kara-tay. *(That’s karate, he’s just saying it that way.)* Towards the end of our [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the [[Friends-词汇总表#tension\|tension]] from y’know, not doing anything else physical.

**Chandler:** Maybe the problem was you were [[Friends-词汇总表#pronounce\|pronouncing]] it kara-tay.

**Monica:** And what if I was still fat? *(To Chandler)* Well, you wouldn’t be dating me, that’s for sure.

**Chandler:** Sure I would!

**All:** *(simultaneously)* Oh yeah! Come on! Yeah right!

**Chandler:** What, you guys really think that I’m that [[Friends-词汇总表#shallow\|shallow]]?

**Ross:** No, I just think Monica was that fat.

**Joey:** Hey, [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! *(Closes his eyes to do so.)* Oh-hey, there’s Carol again!

**Chandler:** What if I had had the [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|guts]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] my job? I’d probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job’s fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don’t have to wear a [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]].

**Phoebe:** What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?

**Ross:** What?!

**Rachel:** Merrill Lynch?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] client who worked there and-and he said I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#knack\|knack]] for stocks.

**Rachel:** Well why didn’t you take the job?

**Phoebe:** Because at that time you see, I thought everything that [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhymed]] was true. So I thought y’know that if I’d work with stocks, I’d have to live in a box, and only eat [[Friends-词汇总表#lox\|lox]], and have a pet [[Friends-词汇总表#fox\|fox]].

**Ross:** Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we’d still hang out?


---

**Opening Credits {Transcriber’s note: This is where the opening credits are, but they’re not the usual opening credits. Oh no! These credits are based on the world that would have been created had all of the above actually happened. It starts out with all of them at the fountain sitting on the couch as Fat Monica runs up and sits on the arm of the couch, tilting the whole thing towards her. It then goes on to show Rachel’s still a shop-aholic and with Barry. Fat Monica is sweating while cooking and dancing while eating a donut. Phoebe as the Wall Street shark smoking while on two cell phones. Then they’re dancing in the fountain. Joey entering as Dr. Drake Remoray and meeting a groupie. Chandler trying to write as a bird does its business on his shoulder and falling asleep while typing. Ross doing some kara-tay and trying to get Carol into bed. And finally, some more dancing in the fountain, them all flexing, and the turning out the lamp and shutting off all the lights bit from the first season. Just remember one thing, this is an alternate universe. Everything from every other episode doesn’t apply, for instance, Ross and Rachel have no history. And in fact have not seen each other in years in this world.}**


> [!scene] Scene: A newsstand, Ross is buying a magazine and gets in line behind a woman.

**Ross:** *(recognizing her)* Oh my God! Rachel Green?

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Rob Tillman!

**Ross:** No-no. It’s-it’s me, Ross!

**Rachel:** Oh, I’m sorry. Ross Tillman.

**Ross:** No, no-no, Ross Geller.

**Rachel:** Ohh, of course Monica’s brother!

**Ross:** Yeah. Right.

**Rachel:** Wow! How are you?!

**Ross:** Good-good, I’m-I’m married. *(Shows her his ring.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh! Me too!

**Ross:** Is-isn’t it the best?

**Rachel:** Oh, it’s the best! *(They both exhale contemplating the joys of marriage.)* So, umm how’s Monica?

**Ross:** Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she’s right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi.

**Rachel:** Ohh, I would love too.

**Ross:** Yeah? Oh-oh, she’d be so excited!

**Rachel:** Ohh! Okay!

**Ross:** Come on! *(They start to leave.)*

**Rachel:** Oh wait, don’t you have to pay for your, *(looks at his magazine)* Busty Ladies?

**Ross:** No, it’s okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don’t…

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* Oh yeah? Okay.

**Ross:** *(putting the magazine back and holding the money for it)* Okay.

**Rachel:** But! Don’t you have to give him his money back?

**Ross:** Uh-huh. *(Steps to a random kid nearby and hands him his money.)* Hey, here you go buddy. Sorry, no porn for you. *(To Rachel)* Okay, let’s go see Monica!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Fat Monica, and her boyfriend are sitting on the couch. Monica’s boyfriend is getting up to get something. For future reference, for the rest of this episode Monica’s fat, I won’t be calling her Fat Monica throughout.

**Joey:** So Monica, still going out with Dr. Boring huh?

**Monica:** He’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]]! He’s just-he’s just low key. Monica's Boyfriend: *(returning)* Here we go, one Hazelnut Latte. *(Hands it to Monica and sits down.)*

**Monica:** Thanks. Monica's Boyfriend: Yeah. Y’know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#hazelnut\|hazelnut]] actually not a [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]], it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#seed\|seed]].

**Joey:** *(not impressed)* Wow!! Monica's Boyfriend: Can anyone else name a well known [[Friends-词汇总表#seed\|seed]] that’s been [[Friends-词汇总表#masquerade\|masquerading]] as a [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]]?

**Joey:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] God, let me think. *(Starts to sarcastically think about it.)*

**Chandler:** *(entering, depressed)* Hey.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Monica:** Oh no! What’s the matter?

**Chandler:** Oh I just got another [[Friends-词汇总表#rejection\|rejection]] letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny." Monica's Boyfriend: Y’know what honey? I got to get back to the hospital.

**Monica:** Okay. Monica's Boyfriend: *(kisses her)* Okay.

**Monica:** Bye. Monica's Boyfriend: Bye-bye. *(Gets up to leave.)* Oh uh, by the way, the answer is, the Brazil [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]]. *(Exits.)*

**Chandler:** Was his question what’s more [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]] than him?

**Joey:** Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money?

**Chandler:** Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]].

**Joey:** Really?

**Chandler:** Ehh.

**Monica:** Maybe Joey doesn’t have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?

**Joey:** That’s an idea! *(To Chandler)* Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?

**Monica:** No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!

**Joey:** That’s great! That would be great! Let’s do that!

**Chandler:** I could use the money; it could give me time to write.

**Joey:** Oh right great! Welcome [[Friends-词汇总表#aboard\|aboard]]!

**Chandler:** Okay!

**Joey:** All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don’t need any assistance in there, take a break!

**Chandler:** All right!

*(As Joey goes to the bathroom, Corporate Phoebe enters. She’s wearing a business suit and carrying a briefcase.)*

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey Phoebe! Guess what?

**Phoebe:** What?

**Monica:** Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!

**Phoebe:** Ohh that’s so sweet! *(Her cell phone rings.)* Oh! Hang on! *(Quickly grabs a cigarette and starts to light it as her phone rings.)* Hang onnnnnn!!! *(Gets the cigarette lighted and answers the phone.)* *(On phone.)* Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it’s a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it’s okay. It’s okay, you’re allowed one [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]. Just kidding, you are of course fired.

*(She hangs up as Ross and Rachel enter.)*

**Ross:** Hey Mon!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Ross:** Mon, look who I ran into! *(Gestures towards Rachel.)*

**Monica:** *(gets up and gasps)* Oh my God! Rachel!! *(Rachel is stunned to see that her long lost friend is still fat.)* *(Monica goes over and gives Rachel a big bear hug, which is quite easy for her.)* You look [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]]!

**Rachel:** Ohh, so do you! Did you lose weight? *(She’s not quite sure of that one.)*

**Monica:** You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]]!

**Ross:** And, and uh, you-you remember my friend Chandler. *(Points to him.)*

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah.

**Ross:** And that’s Phoebe over there! *(Points to her.)*

**Phoebe:** Hi!

**Monica:** Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we’ve seen each other?

**Ross:** *(answering it)* 1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon’s party. I played you one of my songs, y’know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah. Right. So now, are—do you, do you still do music?

**Ross:** Sometimes, you should come over *(Joey returns from the bathroom)* [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]]! I’ll play you one of my other…

**Rachel:** *(interrupting him and seeing Joey)* Oh my God! Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives, just walked in here!

**Monica:** Rach, he’s a friend of [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]].

**Rachel:** *(stunned)* You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?

**Chandler:** Well it’s kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] schedule and the fact that he’s not real.

**Ross:** *(To Rachel)* Hey-hey, or I could bring my [[Friends-词汇总表#keyboard\|keyboard]] over here [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]]!

**Rachel:** He’s coming over! He’s coming over!

**Monica:** *(getting up)* Joey!

**Joey:** *(holding a plate of what looks like Rice Crispies Treats)* I know, here-here!! *(Hands her the plate.)*

**Monica:** Ohhh! *(Takes the plate.)* No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.

**Rachel:** *(giggles and can’t look at him)* Hi!

**Joey:** *(shaking Rachel’s hand)* Hi!

**Rachel:** *(still not quite able to look at him)* Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]]! I mean, when you took out your own [[Friends-词汇总表#kidney\|kidney]] to save your ex-wife even though she [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] to kill you…

**Joey:** Well, it’s always nice to meet the fans.

**Rachel:** Ah!

**Joey:** *(turning and whispering to Monica)* She’s not crazy is she?

**Monica:** No.

**Joey:** *(To Rachel)* So uh, how you doin’?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe are there. Phoebe’s cell phone rings and she goes through her little routine of lighting a cigarette before answering the phone.

**Phoebe:** Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! *(Answering the phone.)* Go!! Who’s this?

*(Listens) Oh okay, you’re gonna like working for me. What’s your name? (Listens) What kind of name is Brendy? I… Whatever… Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.*

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey there you are!

**Chandler:** Uh-oh, it’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]]!

**Joey:** All right, here’s a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|delivering]] [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twins]] today, but only one of them is mine! *(Exits.)*

**Chandler:** *(reading the list)* Drop off my [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] cleaning. Pick up my [[Friends-词汇总表#vitamin\|vitamins]]. Teach me how to [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] vitamins. Wear in my new [[Friends-词汇总表#jean\|jeans]].

**Monica:** *(laughs)* You realize what you are don’t you?

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** You’re his bitch.

**Phoebe:** *(yelling from Monica’s room)* No-no!! No!!

**Monica:** *(panicked)* Oh wait! You didn’t just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!!

**Phoebe:** No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.

**Chandler:** But the Kit-Kats are all right?!

**Phoebe:** What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can’t call my office they’ll kill me! I can’t call my clients they’ll kill themselves! Great, now my [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] hearts.

**Monica:** What?!

**Phoebe:** *(louder)* My [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] hurts! Oh, and now I-I can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]].

**Chandler:** Phoebe, are you having a heart attack?!

**Phoebe:** Oh, if I were, would-would I have [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shooting]] pains up and down my left [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]]?

**Monica:** Yes!!

**Phoebe:** Then yes that is what I’m having. *(Takes another puff of the cigarette.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: A hospital, Phoebe is recovering from her heart attack as Ross, Monica, and Chandler are there to comfort and support her.

**Ross:** Come on Pheebs, it’s not that bad! Y’know most people would be excited if they didn’t have to work for a couple of weeks.

**Phoebe:** Most people don’t like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I’m already going crazy. I miss Joan.

**Monica:** Honey, having a heart attack is nature’s way of telling you to [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] it down.

**Chandler:** I always thought having a heart attack was nature’s way of telling you to die! *(Phoebe glares at him.)* But you’re not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you’re not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.

**Monica:** Let’s take a walk. *(They start to leave.)* Y’know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine! *(They exit.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Ross)* So what’s going on with you?

**Ross:** Well umm, I’ve been doing a lot more of my kara-tay.

**Phoebe:** Still going through that [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] with Carol?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** How long has it been since you had sex?

**Ross:** Well, last weekend…

**Phoebe:** Oh that’s not so bad.

**Ross:** …will be two months…

**Phoebe:** That is.

**Ross:** …since I stopped trying.

**Phoebe:** Maybe you need to [[Friends-词汇总表#spice\|spice]] things up a little.

**Ross:** What-what do you mean?

**Phoebe:** I don’t know. You could [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] her up, she could tie you up; you could eat stuff off each other…

**Ross:** Oh.

**Phoebe:** Y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] talk, mnage  trois, [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toys]]…

**Ross:** Wow!

**Phoebe:** Roll playing… You could be the [[Friends-词汇总表#warden\|warden]]; she could be the [[Friends-词汇总表#prisoner\|prisoner]]. You could be the [[Friends-词汇总表#pirate\|pirate]]; she could be the [[Friends-词汇总表#wench\|wench]]!

**Ross:** Okay, I think I got it.

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Or too, you could be two [[Friends-词汇总表#stockbroker\|stockbrokers]] and you’re-you’re-you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolling]] around naked on the trading floor and everybody’s watching! *(Ross looks at her.)* It never happened.


> [!scene] Scene: A hospital hallway, Chandler is sitting on a gurney with his hands spread out behind his back. Then Monica comes and plops down on the gurney and one of his hands. Chandler immediately recoils in extreme pain.

**Monica:** Sorry. So how’s it going with Joey?

**Chandler:** Oh just great. He [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beeps]] me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I’m with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I’m lost and I can’t find food."

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right?

**Monica:** Yeah! She’s right in there! *(Points to Phoebe’s room.)*

**Joey:** Oh great. *(Starts to go in.)* *(To Chandler)* Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready!


> [!scene] Scene: Silvercup Studios, Joey is showing Rachel around the set.

**Joey:** All right, and over there is Brady’s Pub where I like to [[Friends-词汇总表#unwind\|unwind]] after a long day of surgeoning.

**Rachel:** Wow! This is so amazing! What else? What else?

**Joey:** Well, that is a large piece of television equipment. *(Points at a large piece of television equipment as an old man walks by.)* And uh that is an old man! Hey old man!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Joey:** All [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]], what do you say we head back to my place?

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* Wow! Umm, y’know, I-I would really love to, but I-I shouldn’t.

**Joey:** Why? *(In Drake’s voice.)* Why can’t the world stop turning, just for a moment? Just for us?

**Rachel:** *(awestruck, then not)* Isn’t that a line from the show?!

**Joey:** Uh, yeah but uh, *(In Drake’s voice)* I may have said those things before but, I never [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] meant them. Until now.

**Rachel:** That’s a line from the show too!

**Joey:** Okay, you watch too much TV.

**Chandler:** *(approaching)* Here you go Joe, here’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#freshly\|freshly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeezed]] orange [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] you asked for. *(Hands it to him.)*

**Joey:** Thanks! *(Looks at it.)* Yeah, there’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pulp\|pulp]] in that. *(Hands it back.)*

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Joey:** I thought we talked about this. I don’t like [[Friends-词汇总表#pulp\|pulp]]. No pulp. Pulp isn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]]. All juice, okay?

**Chandler:** I’m sorry, I guess I just like the [[Friends-词汇总表#pulp\|pulp]].

**Joey:** Oh my God, I’m sorry, I’m being so [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]]. *(Turns to Rachel.)* Rachel, would like a [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.

**Rachel:** Yeah sure, iced [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] would be great.

**Joey:** *(To Chandler)* Iced [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]].

**Chandler:** Okay, anything for you [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]?

**Joey:** *(To Rachel)* Did I not just tell him?

**Rachel:** *(mouthing it to him)* Yes, you did.

**Joey:** *(To Chandler)* Okay look, Chandler, if this *(Motions back and forth indicating the arrangement.)* you have got to listen! *(Tugs on his ear.)* *(Chandler glares at him.)* You’re gonna throw that [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] at me, [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t ya?

**Chandler:** It’s not all [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]]! *(Rachel quickly gets out of the way.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Carol's, Ross is trying to talk to Carol about what Phoebe told him.

**Ross:** So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.

**Carol:** Yeah! And maybe [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] we could get a place with two bathrooms.

**Ross:** Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can [[Friends-词汇总表#spice\|spice]] things up a little.

**Carol:** What do you mean?

**Ross:** Carol our sex life is—it’s just not working…

**Ben:** *(entering)* Dad!! *(Runs and hugs him.)*

**Ross:** Hey there little [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]]! Hey, uh-hey, why don’t we get some [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] on ya, huh? Hey, why don’t you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!

**Ben:** Yay! *(Runs off.)*

**Ross:** Yay! *(To Carol)* Seriously, our sex life… I was thinking, maybe I don’t know, we could try some-some new things. Y’know? For fun?

**Carol:** Like what?

**Ross:** Well I don’t know umm, *(Pause)* what if we were too [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] each other up?

*(Carol’s shocked and obviously doesn’t like that idea.) Umm, some people eat stuff off one another. (Carol doesn’t like that idea either.) Nah! Umm, y’know we-we could try dirty talk? (Carol still says no.) Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.*

**Carol:** *(quickly)* I love that idea!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is eating breakfast as Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** Who sold a story to Archie Comics?!

**Monica:** Oh my God! That’s great! Oh wow! *(Hugs him.)* You’re a published [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writer]]! I wish I had a present for you!

**Chandler:** Aww.

**Monica:** Wait a minute! *(Quickly checks her pockets and pulls out…)* My last Kit-Kat bar!

*(Chandler tries to take it, but Monica won’t let go. He tugs harder, and she still doesn’t budge.)*

**Chandler:** You wanna share it?

**Monica:** Okay!!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you’re mad, but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]]. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate [[Friends-词汇总表#pulp\|pulp]]! Y’know? I mean, y’know how Monica feels about low fat [[Friends-词汇总表#mayonnaise\|mayonnaise]]?

**Monica:** It’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#mayonnaise\|mayonnaise]]!!

**Joey:** Yeah, o-o-o-o-okay anyway, I just wanted to say I’m sorry. Here.

*(Hands him a cup.)*

**Chandler:** What’s this?

**Joey:** Fresh [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeezed]] orange [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]], with [[Friends-词汇总表#pulp\|pulp]]! Just the way you like it.

**Chandler:** Aww, thanks man. *(They hug.)*

**Monica:** Hey Joey, Chandler sold a story to Archie Comics!

**Joey:** Oh my God! That’s great! Congratulations! What’s the story?!

**Chandler:** Oh you wouldn’t uh, care. It’s just a stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#comic\|comic]] book story.

**Joey:** Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#gang\|gang]]!

**Chandler:** Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his [[Friends-词汇总表#jalopy\|jalopy]] *(Joey laughs)*, uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his [[Friends-词汇总表#assist\|assist]]—as his [[Friends-词汇总表#butler\|butler]]. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him [[Friends-词汇总表#milkshake\|milkshakes]] that can’t have [[Friends-词汇总表#lump\|lumps]] in them.

**Joey:** Wait a minute. That sounds a little [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]]! Did they already do that one? ‘Cause I think I read it!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica is there as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?

**Monica:** Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot!

**Rachel:** Ohh! And I’m one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani!

**Monica:** Well, y’know it’s none of my business, but [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you married?

**Rachel:** Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]! Y’know I just wish we could be like on a break!

**Monica:** Well, you’re not.

**Rachel:** Oh, it’s so easy for you I mean, you’re not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!

**Monica:** Yeah I can! *(Laughs)* And don’t think I don’t, because I do! I mean all the time, you [[Friends-词汇总表#betcha\|betcha]]! *(Laughs.)*

**Rachel:** Monica. You’ve, you’ve done it right?

**Monica:** *(giggles)* Of course I have! What do you think, I’m some 30 year old [[Friends-词汇总表#virgin\|virgin]]?

**Rachel:** Oh my God! You’re a 30 year old [[Friends-词汇总表#virgin\|virgin]]!

**Monica:** Say it [[Friends-词汇总表#louder\|louder]], I don’t think the guy all the way in the back heard you! Guy All the Way in the Back: Yeah, I heard it.

**Monica:** It’s not like, I haven’t any opportunities. I mean, y’know, I’m just waiting for the perfect guy. I’m seeing this guy Roger, all right? He’s not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y’know, give him my flower.

**Rachel:** Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you’ve waited long enough!!

**Monica:** Y’know what? You are right?!

**Rachel:** Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn’t be all this rules and [[Friends-词汇总表#restriction\|restrictions]]! Y’know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]]…

**Monica:** Rachel! I’m never gonna think it’s okay for you to [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]]!

**Rachel:** Oh what do you know? Virgin!


> [!scene] Scene: The hospital, Ross and Monica are in Phoebe’s room. Phoebe is in the bathroom and Monica notices smoke coming out from underneath the door.

**Monica:** Phoebe, why is [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] coming out of the bathroom?!

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah, the doctor said that could be one of the side effects.

**Monica:** Phoebe! Put that [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] out!

**Phoebe:** No! It’s not a [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]]! The [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] is coming out of me!

**Monica:** Put it out!!

**Phoebe:** Okay! Okay! *(Puts it out and comes out of the bathroom.)* I’m so glad you’re here.

**Ross:** Come on. *(Helps her into bed as her phone rings.)* I got it.

**Phoebe:** Oh, give it to me.

**Ross:** I got it!

**Phoebe:** Give it!

*(He does a kara-tay move to silence her, then answers the phone.)*

**Ross:** *(on the phone)* Hello? *(Listens.)* No she can’t come to the phone right now. *(Listens.)* Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye. *(Hangs up.)*

**Phoebe:** Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]]?!

**Ross:** J-j-just relax, nobody [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelled]]. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.

**Phoebe:** Thank God.

**Ross:** *(To Monica)* Yeah, she’s fired.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel and Barry’s bedroom, Rachel is watching Days of Our Lives. Of course it’s a Dr. Drake Remoray scene. It’s set in a hospital room, and Dr. Wesley and a nurse are talking about a female patient with a bandage around her head.

**Nurse:** You’ve done all you can Dr. Wesley. You have got to let her go. Dr. Wesley: Good-bye and God speed, Hope Brady.

*(He goes to turn off a machine. Suddenly, Dr. Drake Remoray appears at the door with two cops!) Dr. Drake Remoray: Not so fast Wesley! (Rachel does a silent clap.) Dr. Wesley: (with evil dripping off his tongue) Remoray! Dr. Drake Remoray: That’s right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you’re not a real doctor! And that woman’s brain, is fine!*

**Rachel:** *(very relived)* Oh! Thank God!


> [!scene] Cut back to the TV, the cops are leading Dr. Wesley out, and as they pass Remoray and Wesley exchange evil glances.] Dr. Drake Remoray: Hope! Hope!

**Hope:** *(sleepily)* Drake! Dr. Drake Remoray: You’re not dying Hope, you’re gonna live a long, [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] life. With me.

**Hope:** Oh Drake.


> [!scene] Drake and Hope kiss.

**Rachel:** Okay! *(She picks up the phone, Joey’s phone number, and starts to dial.)* Here we go! Okay! *(On phone.)* Hi, Joey! It’s Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwiches]].


---

**Commercial Break {Transcriber’s Note: This is where Part II begins, which means this is now episode 616.}**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Carol's, Carol is working on something at the table and Ross is reading a newspaper on the couch.

**Ross:** So honey this uh, this [[Friends-词汇总表#threesome\|threesome]] thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find…

**Carol:** Ooh, actually I’ve been making a list of all the women I know who might be into doing this!

**Ross:** Oh. *(He takes the notepad she was using and looks at it.)* Wow! *(Flips to another page.)* Huh. *(Flips another page.)* Boy! *(Flips another page.)* Well, someone’s been doing their [[Friends-词汇总表#homework\|homework]]. *(Flips two more pages.)*

**Carol:** Yeah. Ooh, and I know Gail Rosten is in there [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]], but she is so…

**Ross:** Oh, I know. *(Laughs)* Y’know, just-just talking about it is getting me kinda…

**Carol:** Oh, me too.

**Ross:** Yeah? Well, I-I think Ben’s [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]].

**Carol:** Oh umm, y’know I think it would be better if we just save it.

**Ross:** Yeah. Right. Save it. I can do that. *(Gets up and does a little kara-tay.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The hospital, Chandler and Monica are there with Phoebe as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey, Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Ross:** Hey, how’s it going?

**Phoebe:** Well, I’ve got to get out of this bed, I’m going crazy here. Crazy!

**Monica:** *(handing her a cup)* Here you go sweetie.

**Phoebe:** What the hell is this, [[Friends-词汇总表#herbal\|herbal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]]? I hate herbal tea!

**Monica:** But, I put some honey in it.

*(Phoebe mocks what Monica just said. Ross pulls Chandler aside.)*

**Ross:** She doesn’t know she was fired yet, does she?

**Chandler:** No, the doctors say it may kill her.

**Phoebe:** What are you two girls [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whispering]] about over there?!

**Chandler:** *(To Ross)* But I think we should tell her.

**Ross:** Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job.

**Phoebe:** Okay, what is this? A stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]]? Because we got a [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] here!

*(Points at Ross.)*

**Chandler:** Listen Phoebe, he’s right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.

**Phoebe:** I know! But if I didn’t work there, what else would I do?

**Monica:** Well, you used to like playing the guitar.

**Phoebe:** Yeah that was [[Friends-词汇总表#lucrative\|lucrative]]! Smart like your brother!

**Chandler:** Uh, what about y’know the [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] thing? That never gave you a heart attack.

**Phoebe:** Hmm, pulling in a [[Friends-词汇总表#salary\|salary]] in the high six figures or [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rubbing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] naked people for [[Friends-词汇总表#chump\|chump]] change—ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, (The one he had when he was Dr. Drake Remoray, because he still is.) Rachel is there and admiring the big ceramic fake dog.

**Rachel:** Ohh, I mean it’s just so [[Friends-词汇总表#realistic\|realistic]]!

**Joey:** I know. *(Joey is sitting in this tall chair that is made up of balls on polls. You’ll have to see it to know what I mean.)* Yeah, his name is Pat.

**Rachel:** Pat the dog. Oh! Oh! I get it!! *(Laughs and finishes her drink.)*

**Joey:** *(climbing down from his chair)* Do you uh, do you—ready for a [[Friends-词汇总表#refill\|refill]]?

**Rachel:** Oh, I probably shouldn’t—so I will! *(Joey starts making her refill and Rachel notices that rain thing Joey has.)* Oh! Wow! It’s like it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|raining]]!

**Joey:** Pretty cool, huh? But if you’re thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn’t get sucked up into the [[Friends-词汇总表#mechanism\|mechanism]], well you’d be wrong.

**Rachel:** Umm, can I use your bathroom?

**Joey:** It’s uh, right through there. *(Points.)*

**Rachel:** Okay. *(Starts to go.)* God y’know, if someone told me a week ago that I would be [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|peeing]] in Joey Tribbiani’s apartment…

**Joey:** Yeah, life’s pretty great isn’t it?

**Rachel:** Yeah, it sure is!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is pouring wine for her boyfriend, Dr. Roger.

**Monica:** I hope you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]], we’re starting with [[Friends-词汇总表#oyster\|oysters]]. And y’know what they say about oysters, don’t you? Dr. Roger: They have [[Friends-词汇总表#parasite\|parasites]]?

**Monica:** No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an [[Friends-词汇总表#aphrodisiac\|aphrodisiac]]. Dr. Roger: What people?

**Monica:** People! People say it! Come here! *(She grabs him and kisses him.)* Dr. Roger: So [[Friends-词汇总表#oyster\|oysters]], huh?

**Monica:** And then we’re gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands. Dr. Roger: Y’know, it’s funny, but when we were studying [[Friends-词汇总表#communicable\|communicable]] diseases…

**Monica:** No-no-no, no! It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#sensual\|sensual]]! Dr. Roger: Ohh! Didn’t know! Okay!

**Monica:** Okay! *(They kiss again and his beeper goes off.)* Ohhh no! Dr. Roger: I’m sorry sweetie, it’s the hospital. The food looks great, maybe save me some?

**Monica:** I can’t promise anything. *(She starts to dig in.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Carol's, Ross and Carol are waiting anxiously for their new partner to arrive.

**Ross:** We’re really gonna do this, huh?

**Carol:** Looks like it.

**Ross:** Y’know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at… *(A knock on the door interrupts him.)*

**Carol:** *(jumping up to get it)* I got it!

**Ross:** Okay.

**Carol:** *(opening the door)* Susan! Hi! *(Who’d you think it was gonna be?)*

**Susan:** Hey! *(They hug.)*

**Carol:** Thank you so much for coming.

**Susan:** Oh, I wouldn’t miss it for the world.

*(They start moving towards the bedroom, never taking their eyes off each other. They move past Ross and stop.)*

**Ross:** I’m-I’m Ross by the way.

**Susan:** *(not taking her eyes off Carol)* Hello Ross. *(Takes off her coat and hands it to him.)* I love what you’ve done with this space.

**Carol:** Thank you so much.

*(They disappear into the bedroom leaving Ross standing in the living room holding Susan’s coat.)*

**Ross:** How hot is this?!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Chandler and Monica are eating Monica’s dinner.

**Chandler:** I’m sorry you’re here with me instead of Roger.

**Monica:** Yeah, me too.

**Chandler:** Well, I could make it seem like he’s here. *(Imitates him.)* "Here’s some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn’t add the second cous until 1979." *(Mumbles something further.)*

**Monica:** Stop it!! That’s not funny!!

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** I’m sorry, okay? It just—tonight was supposed to be y’know, it was supposed to be a big deal.

**Chandler:** What was tonight?

**Monica:** You don’t want to know what tonight was.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(Pause.)* What was tonight?

**Monica:** Well, tonight was—was going to be my first time.

**Chandler:** With Roger? *(Monica shyly looks away.)* Not just with Roger?! *(Monica shrugs.)* Oh my God!

**Monica:** All right relax Mr. I’ve Had Sex Four Times!

**Chandler:** Four different women! I’ve had sex way more times!

**Monica:** How many?

**Chandler:** Nine.

**Monica:** I was just waiting for the perfect guy.

**Chandler:** Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy?

**Monica:** No. He’s not a [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] guy.

**Chandler:** Hey that’s what I tell girls about me.

**Monica:** Chandler, I’m gonna die a [[Friends-词汇总表#virgin\|virgin]]!

**Chandler:** No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.

**Monica:** Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me?

**Chandler:** Okay. *(They both realize what he just said.)*

**Monica:** I was kidding.

**Chandler:** So was I.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, Rachel is now three sheets to the wind and Joey is watching her.

**Rachel:** Joey, you’re such an amazing actor! *(He smiles.)* How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] off and Joey Tribbiani begins?

**Joey:** Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.

**Rachel:** Wow! Tell me something Joey—*(She falls off the couch)*—Whoa! I just [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] right off the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] there.

**Joey:** Yeah you did.

**Rachel:** Okay. *(She climbs back onto the couch.)*

**Joey:** Here you go. Let me ask you a question.

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Joey:** When was the last time someone told you just how beautiful you are?

**Rachel:** Wow! I can’t, I can’t feel my hands.

**Joey:** Come, come here.

*(He takes her hands in his and kisses each one, then kisses her on the lips. When the break the kiss, Rachel starts to get nauseous and throw up. Joey backs away in horror.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, continued from earlier. Monica and Chandler are still discussing the previous question.

**Chandler:** We can’t do this.

**Monica:** No! *(They both laugh.)* Oyster?

**Chandler:** Yeah! *(Takes it.)* If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y’know? Because you’ve been waiting a very long time and I wouldn’t want to [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappoint]] you.

**Monica:** Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]], how would I know?

**Chandler:** I do like that.

**Monica:** It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] for me! I have those four other women to [[Friends-词汇总表#compete\|compete]] with!

**Chandler:** Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?

**Monica:** Absolutely! It would just be one friend *(Points at Chandler)* helping out another friend. *(Points at herself.)*

**Chandler:** Stop it! We’re doing this! Let’s do it!

**Monica:** Noo!! Okay!!

**Chandler:** Okay! *(They both get up.)*

**Monica:** Umm, do you have any uhh, moves?

**Chandler:** I have some moves.

**Monica:** I have no moves. *(He moves in to kiss her and she laughs and backs away.)* Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#whatcha\|whatcha]] doin’ there?! *(Giggles.)* Oh y’know what? I’m sorry, this is just too weird.

**Chandler:** Yeah, let’s just forget it.

**Monica:** What if I turn out the lights? *(Runs to shut them off.)*

**Chandler:** Okay!

*(She turns out the lights and in the darkened room Chandler starts to moan.)*

**Chandler:** Oh yeah.

**Monica:** Chandler?

**Chandler:** *(sexily)* Yeah?

**Monica:** That’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]].


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s bedroom, she has just lost her flower to Chandler.

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Monica:** I know! I’ll tell you something, we are gonna do that again!

**Chandler:** Oh, okay! *(He rolls over to do that again.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, the next morning, Rachel is passed out on the couch.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Morning!

**Rachel:** *(wakes up suddenly and realizes where she is)* Oh right.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** *(groans)* Oh God. Oh I can’t believe Joey Tribbiani heard me throw up!

**Joey:** Well he actually saw you a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] too.

**Rachel:** Noo! Oh God we did—we didn’t, we didn’t uhh…

**Joey:** No! No! No, not after seeing that.

**Rachel:** God I’m just a [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] person.

**Joey:** Wh-why?

**Rachel:** Because I’m married. That’s right, I am a married woman! And I came to a TV star’s apartment to have an [[Friends-词汇总表#affair\|affair]]! Uck!

**Joey:** That’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]! I’m not a "Star," just a regular [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] actor.

**Rachel:** Yeah and I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]], horrible person.

**Joey:** Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me…

**Rachel:** The ring from the [[Friends-词汇总表#cave\|cave]], yeah.

**Joey:** Wow! Uh okay, well uh… *(He gets up, opens a drawer, and pulls out the ring.)*

**Rachel:** *(seeing the ring and gasping)* Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?!

**Joey:** Sure! As long as they don’t find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.

**Rachel:** No! No-no-no…

**Joey:** Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you’ve had the chance to [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]], and with me, but you didn’t. And that’s what this ring stands for.

**Rachel:** But I thought that ring stood for Caprice’s [[Friends-词汇总表#undying\|undying]] love for her brother.

**Joey:** Look, do you want the ring or not?!

**Rachel:** Yeah!


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s hospital room, Joey and Ross enter as Phoebe comes out of the bathroom wearing her robe.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** Look at you! You’re up!

**Joey:** All right!

**Phoebe:** I thought I’d try to take a walk. Would you [[Friends-词汇总表#pour\|pour]] me some water? I’ll be back soon.

**Joey:** Whoa-whoa-whoa! You’re not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?

**Phoebe:** No. I’ve learned my [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]].

*(She goes out into the hall and when she’s there and the door is closed; she rips off her robe to reveal her work clothes.)*

**Phoebe:** Let’s go! Come on! Move it! *(Grabs her coat.)* Come on! *(To an old man who’s holding her shoes and briefcase.)* Shoes! Briefcase! *(Takes them both.)* Thanks Lou, good luck with the [[Friends-词汇总表#gall\|gall]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bladder\|bladder]]. *(She leaves.)*


> [!scene] Cut back to her room, Joey and Ross are sitting there waiting for her.

**Ross:** Hey Joe did… Did you ever have a [[Friends-词汇总表#threesome\|threesome]]?

**Joey:** *(not quite sure of how to answer that)* Well uh, look Ross I uh, I think Carol’s great and I’m sure you’re a very [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] man, but I….

**Ross:** No! The reason I’m asking is that… I [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] had one last night.

**Joey:** You?

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Wow!

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Joey:** All right! So, was it amazing?

**Ross:** It was, it was okay.

**Joey:** Just okay—Did you do it right?!

**Ross:** Look, it’s just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren’t here?"

**Joey:** Huh. But still Ross, you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y’know what I mean?

**Ross:** Oh-oh, absolutely!

*(They both laugh.)*

**Ross:** It’s just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.

**Joey:** But you got to be with both of them, right?

**Ross:** Not-not really. Th-th-there was just Carol.

**Joey:** Not the other one?

**Ross:** No, she kept kicking me away!

**Joey:** Yeah, you don’t want that.

**Ross:** No!

**Joey:** Well hey, at least you got to see a lot of stuff, right?

**Ross:** Oh I a lot of stuff!

**Joey:** You got a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bored]]?

**Ross:** A little. Yeah. I made a [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]].

**Joey:** Yeah? What did ya have?

**Ross:** Just a [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]. Turkey, a little [[Friends-词汇总表#mustard\|mustard]]…

**Joey:** Sounds good.

**Ross:** It really was!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is making a sandwich as Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Let me tell you about this [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!

**Monica:** Hey, check me out, I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]]!

**Chandler:** So you uh, want to do something tonight?

**Monica:** Oh I can’t. Dr. Roger is coming over again.

**Chandler:** Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you’re still seeing him and uh, he’s a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when… *(He fakes falling asleep.)*

**Monica:** Are you okay?

**Chandler:** Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you?

**Monica:** Great! It’s so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]], but then after being with you I’m all like, "Can the doctor see me now?"

**Chandler:** I bet he can.

**Monica:** Y’know, I don’t have an [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]], but I sure could use a physical. *(He laughs halfheartedly)* Are you sure you’re okay?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah! Yeah! Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine! *(Does a kara-tay move.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel and Barry’s bedroom, Rachel is returning from her disastrous attempt at an affair to find that Barry was much, much more successful with his.

**Rachel:** Ohh! My God! Barry!!

**Barry:** You-you-you said you were gonna be away all weekend!

**Rachel:** Oh that’s right! I’m sorry! I-I am early! Finish! Please!!


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe’s office, she is arriving without the knowledge that she’s been fired.

**Phoebe:** Surprise! Look who’s back!

**Arthur:** Hey Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Arthur:** *(To another coworker)* Call security. *(To Phoebe)* Pheebs, didn’t you get fired?

**Phoebe:** Uh, I don’t think so!

**Jack:** Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** Jack!! Hey!

**Jack:** What are you doing here?

**Phoebe:** All better! Back to work! Except this [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?

**Jack:** Well, you were fired.

**Phoebe:** Nu-uh!

**Jack:** I told that guy who answered your phone.

**Phoebe:** Oh, okay I didn’t get that message. So this doesn’t count—Anyway, I’ll be in my office.

**Jack:** Uh, Phoebe you-you don’t have an office.

**Phoebe:** That’s all right, I’ll work here. This is [[Friends-词汇总表#goo\|goo]], next to this plant. *(She picks a place in the lobby next to a plant.)*

**Jack:** *(approaches her)* Phoebe, listen…

**Phoebe:** You’re in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]…

**Jack:** You lost 13 million dollars.

**Phoebe:** Oh, so this is all about money! Y’know it’s bad enough that—Ow! Oh, you have got to be kidding!

**Jack:** Are you all right?

**Phoebe:** I’m having another heart attack!

**Jack:** What?!

**Phoebe:** I’m having another heart attack!! Call 9-1-1!!

**Jack:** Take it easy. *(Sits her down.)*

**Phoebe:** *(to Arthur, he’s the guy calling 9-1-1)* Dumbass!

**Woman:** Hey Pheebs! How’s it going?!

**Phoebe:** Well, they fired me and I’m having heart attack.

**Woman:** Wow! Well, welcome back!

**Phoebe:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is there as Rachel storms in.

**Rachel:** Hi Ross!

**Ross:** Hey Rachel.

**Rachel:** Is Joey Tribbiani here?

**Ross:** Umm, no.

**Rachel:** Well, if you see him, will you please tell him that I’m looking for him and that this I am not gonna throw up!

**Ross:** That-that’s always good news. Are you okay?

**Rachel:** Me? I’m great! I’m fine! I’m sooo good!! But, you know who’s not great?! Men! You’re a man right Ross?!

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Sit down!

**Ross:** Okay. *(He does so.)*

**Rachel:** Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding [[Friends-词汇总表#vow\|vows]] mean [[Friends-词汇总表#squat\|squat]] to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we’re going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]]’s dog [[Friends-词汇总表#walker\|walker]]?!

**Ross:** We’re sorry.

**Rachel:** No seriously! Seriously! What has happened to the [[Friends-词汇总表#sanctity\|sanctity]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]?

**Ross:** Didn’t you spend last night at Joey’s?

**Rachel:** Aw what are you?! A [[Friends-词汇总表#detective\|detective]]?

**Ross:** Look I-I don’t know what’s going on with you and your [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] and what is [[Friends-词汇总表#hopefully\|hopefully]] an adult dog [[Friends-词汇总表#walker\|walker]], look can I just say not all men are like that.

**Rachel:** Oh. *(Doesn’t believe it.)*

**Ross:** Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] in-in what only can be [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|described]] as a [[Friends-词汇总表#twosome\|twosome]] with some-some woman she [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] knows from the [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]]!

**Rachel:** Who are these men?

**Ross:** Men. I guy I know.

**Rachel:** Well, you might want to tell him it sounds like his wife is *(whispers)* gay.

**Ross:** She is not… *(Realizes)* She’s gay. Oh my God. She is so gay! I can’t believe this.

**Rachel:** Good day for married people huh?

**Ross:** I’m sorry your [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheated]] on you.

**Rachel:** I’m sorry your wife is gay. I guess women [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t that great either.

**Ross:** Try telling my wife that.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is blowing out a candle as Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** *(sticking his head in the door)* Okay to come in?

**Monica:** Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beeped]] again.

**Chandler:** Yeah I know, guess who [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beeped]] him?

**Monica:** What?!

**Chandler:** I’m the [[Friends-词汇总表#rupture\|ruptured]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spleen\|spleen]]. *(Laughs.)*

**Monica:** Why would you do that?

**Chandler:** Because you shouldn’t be with him. *(Pause.)* You should be with me.

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don’t just happen. Y’know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y’know I was just lying there and I couldn’t wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y’know with a friend.

**Monica:** Chandler!

**Chandler:** I know you probably don’t want to go out with me, y’know because I make too many jokes and I’ve never been in a serious relationship and I guess I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] a "doctor…"

*(Monica runs over and kisses him.)*

**Monica:** There was just one woman, wasn’t there?

**Chandler:** No, there were two.

**Monica:** Including me?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing a new song as the gang looks on.

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* It only takes two heart attacks to finally make you see… One of them won’t do it, but the second one will set you free… Tell all your hate and [[Friends-词汇总表#anger\|anger]], it’s time to say good-bye… And that is just what I will do, soon as those [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastards]] I work for die! La, la-la-la, la-la-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la……


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（53）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 9 | 422 | 131 | *Barry was the guy that I was almost married and Mindy was my best friend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 7 | 177 | 117 | *Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we’d still hang out?* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 7 | 110 | 60 | *Oh my God! Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives, just walked in here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 6 | 442 | 191 | *Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 6 | 116 | 71 | *He’s not boring! He’s just-he’s just low key. Monica's Boyfriend:  Here we go, one Hazelnut Latte.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 5 | 253 | 119 | *She’s not crazy is she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 4 | 124 | 81 | *The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn’t realized she was a lesbian.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 4 | 228 | 137 | *Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y’know that if* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 4 | 211 | 141 | *Ohh that’s so sweet!  Oh! Hang on!  Hang onnnnnn!!!   Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 4 | 170 | 116 | *Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we’ve seen each other?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 4 | 142 | 105 | *Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 4 | 162 | 106 | *Wow! This is so amazing! What else? What else?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we’d still hang out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 3 | 133 | 83 | *All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don’t need any assistance in there, take a b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 3 | 156 | 115 | *Okay look, Chandler, if this  you have got to listen!   You’re gonna throw that juice at me, aren’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 3 | 182 | 101 | *Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you’re mad, but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total jerk. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *Listen Phoebe, he’s right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 3 | 118 | 89 | *Sure! As long as they don’t find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 2 | 84 | 53 | *Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 2 | 115 | 71 | *I’d bet I’d still be doing my kara-tay.  Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I’d probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she’s right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Yeah? Oh-oh, she’d be so excited!* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh!  No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 2 | 92 | 56 | *So uh, how you doin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *Dad!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 2 | 130 | 71 | *Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you’re mad, but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total jerk. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Yeah, o-o-o-o-okay anyway, I just wanted to say I’m sorry. Here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *Oh you wouldn’t uh, care. It’s just a stupid comic book story.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 2 | 92 | 67 | *J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Y’know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 2 | 88 | 57 | *Joey, you’re such an amazing actor!  How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely! It would just be one friend  helping out another friend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn’t that sad?  God, could you i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn’t that sad?  God, could you i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn’t that sad?  God, could you i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *I know what you mean, I’ve always wondered how different my life would be if-if I’d never gotten div* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn’t realized she was a lesbian.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *No, no-no, Ross Geller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Oh wait, don’t you have to pay for your,  Busty Ladies?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Ohh, so do you! Did you lose weight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *All right, here’s a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *You’re his bitch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *My chest hurts! Oh, and now I-I can’t breathe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Oh great.   Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn’t be all this rules and restrictions!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Okay! Okay!  I’m so glad you’re here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell is this, herbal tea? I hate herbal tea!* |

### 常用词（62）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 7 | 58 | 20 | *You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 6 | 44 | 22 | *Here you go Joe, here’s the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 5 | 65 | 46 | *No. He’s not a horrible guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 4 | 31 | 22 | *What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I’d probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 4 | 35 | 21 | *Yeah sure, iced tea would be great.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 3 | 58 | 40 | *Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn’t that sad?  God, could you i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 3 | 93 | 40 | *I’d bet I’d still be doing my kara-tay.  Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 3 | 38 | 27 | *So Monica, still going out with Dr. Boring huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 3 | 42 | 30 | *Thanks. Monica's Boyfriend: Yeah. Y’know, the hazelnut actually not a nut, it’s a seed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remoray\|remoray]] |  | [地名] 勒莫赖 ( 法 ) |  | 3 | 23 | 12 | *You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 3 | 69 | 45 | *Okay look, Chandler, if this  you have got to listen!   You’re gonna throw that juice at me, aren’t * |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 3 | 71 | 46 | *Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don’t we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don’t you show* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 3 | 68 | 42 | *Rachel! I’m never gonna think it’s okay for you to cheat on your husband!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]] | /tʃi:t/ | n. 欺骗, 作弊, 骗子 | n. a deception for profit to yourself | 2 | 21 | 17 | *Ohh-oh, wasn’t he cheating on you with her?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 2 | 65 | 36 | *Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 2 | 63 | 30 | *Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 2 | 38 | 29 | *Sometimes, you should come over  sometime! I’ll play you one of my other…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 2 | 40 | 34 | *Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 2 | 26 | 20 | *Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] | /tʃest/ | n. 胸, 胸部, 衣柜, 箱子 | n. box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy | 2 | 14 | 12 | *What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can’t call my office they’ll kill me! I can’t call my cl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 2 | 19 | 15 | *Here you go Joe, here’s the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for.* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 2 | 62 | 45 | *Aww.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 2 | 69 | 27 | *Phoebe, why is smoke coming out of the bathroom?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] | /.sigә'ret/ | n. 香烟, 纸烟 | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | 2 | 27 | 16 | *Phoebe! Put that cigarette out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 2 | 75 | 47 | *Wow! Tell me something Joey——Whoa! I just fell right off the couch there.* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 2 | 46 | 31 | *Noo!! Okay!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beep\|beep]] | /bi:p/ | n. 短而尖的声音, 嘟 | n. a short high tone produced as a signal or warning | 2 | 13 | 11 | *Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gut\|gut]] | /gʌt/ | n. 剧情, 内容, 内脏, 肚子, 海峡, 勇气 | n. a narrow channel or strait | 1 | 11 | 11 | *What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I’d probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I’d probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]] | /raim/ | n. 韵, 押韵, 韵文 | n. correspondence in the sounds of two or more lines (especially final sounds) | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y’know that if* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Oh dear God, let me think.* |
| ehh |  | abbr. 食管裂孔疝（esophageal hiatal hernia）；高压对光栅行幅（场幅）的影响 |  | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Ehh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Ohh that’s so sweet!  Oh! Hang on!  Hang onnnnnn!!!   Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] | /tә'rifik/ | a. 非常好的, 极端的, 可怕的 | s. very great or intense | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Oh my God! Rachel!!   You look terrific!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] | /'auәz/ | pron. 我们的 | pl.  of I | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Rach, he’s a friend of ours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *Well it’s kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he’s no* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Uh-oh, it’s my boss!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|deliver]] | /di'livә/ | vt. 递送, 陈述, 释放, 发表, 引渡, 投递, 交付 | v. deliver (a speech, oration, or idea) | 1 | 14 | 12 | *All right, here’s a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 59 | 24 | *All right, here’s a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]] | /bri:ð/ | vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语 | v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs | 1 | 37 | 18 | *My chest hurts! Oh, and now I-I can’t breathe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Honey, having a heart attack is nature’s way of telling you to slow it down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 1 | 38 | 28 | *Y’know, dirty talk, mnage  trois, toys…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Roll playing… You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]] | /ru:d/ | a. 粗鲁无礼的, 粗陋的, 粗暴的, 原始的, 未开化的, 大略的, 崎岖不平的, 狂暴的 | s socially incorrect in behavior | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Oh my God, I’m sorry, I’m being so rude.  Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] | /'sәudә/ | n. 苏打, 碳酸水 | n a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and pape | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Oh my God, I’m sorry, I’m being so rude.  Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Okay, anything for you sir?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] | /'sʌmdei/ | adv. 有一天 | r. some unspecified time in the future | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Yeah! And maybe someday we could get a place with two bathrooms.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don’t we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don’t you show* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you’re mad, but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total jerk. C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Oh my God! That’s great! Congratulations! What’s the story?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? ‘Cause I think I read it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Drake! Dr. Drake Remoray: You’re not dying Hope, you’re gonna live a long, healthy life. With me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *Okay!  Here we go! Okay!  Hi, Joey! It’s Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *Yeah. Ooh, and I know Gail Rosten is in there twice, but she is so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whisper]] | /'hwispә/ | n. 耳语, 密谈, 谣传, 沙沙声 | n. speaking softly without vibration of the vocal cords | 1 | 11 | 10 | *What are you two girls whispering about over there?!* |

### 低频词（73）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| roger | /'rɔdʒә/ | interj. 对!, 行!, 好! |  | 15 | 27 | 5 | *It’s not like, I haven’t any opportunities. I mean, y’know, I’m just waiting for the perfect guy. I’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pulp\|pulp]] | /pʌlp/ | n. 果肉, 纸浆 | n. any soft or soggy mass | 7 | 8 | 2 | *Thanks!  Yeah, there’s pulp in that.* |
| archie | /'ɑ:tʃi/ | [计] 挡案查访工具 |  | 6 | 7 | 2 | *Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny* |
| mindy | /'mindi/ | n. 明迪（Minna的异体） |  | 4 | 31 | 5 | *Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#virgin\|virgin]] | /'vә:dʒin/ | n. 处女 | n. a person who has never had sex | 4 | 11 | 7 | *Of course I have! What do you think, I’m some 30 year old virgin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oyster\|oyster]] | /'ɒistә/ | n. 牡蛎, 蚝, 沉默者 | n. marine mollusks having a rough irregular shell; found on the sea bed mostly i | 4 | 7 | 4 | *I hope you’re hungry, we’re starting with oysters. And y’know what they say about oysters, don’t you* |
| merrill |  | n. 美林（美国证券公司）；美林（美国城市） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lynch\|lynch]] | /lintʃ/ | n. 私刑, 私罚 | v. kill without legal sanction | 2 | 12 | 2 | *What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tillman\|tillman]] |  | 蒂尔曼（人名） | n. A man who tills the earth; a husbandman. | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Rob Tillman!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hazelnut\|hazelnut]] | /'heizlnʌt/ | n. 榛实 | n. any of several shrubs or small trees of the genus Corylus bearing edible nuts | 2 | 2 | 1 | *He’s not boring! He’s just-he’s just low key. Monica's Boyfriend:  Here we go, one Hazelnut Latte.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seed\|seed]] | /si:d/ | n. 种子, 籽, 萌芽, 子孙, 精液 | n. a small hard fruit | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Thanks. Monica's Boyfriend: Yeah. Y’know, the hazelnut actually not a nut, it’s a seed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comic\|comic]] | /'kɒmik/ | n. 连环漫画, 喜剧演员, 滑稽的人 | a. of or relating to or characteristic of comedy | 2 | 9 | 6 | *Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vitamin\|vitamin]] | /'vaitәmin/ | n. 维生素 | n. any of a group of organic substances essential in small quantities to normal  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spice\|spice]] | /spais/ | n. 香料, 药料, 香气, 调味品, 情趣, 少许 | n. aromatic substances of vegetable origin used as a preservative | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Maybe you need to spice things up a little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brady\|brady]] |  | [经] 布莱迪 | n. United States pioneer photographer famous for his portraits; was the official | 2 | 3 | 2 | *All right, and over there is Brady’s Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mayonnaise\|mayonnaise]] | /meiә'neiz/ | n. 蛋黄酱 | n. egg yolks and oil and vinegar | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you’re mad, but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total jerk. C* |
| reggie |  | n. 雷吉（男子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wesley\|wesley]] | /'wezli, 'wesli/ | n. 韦斯利（男子名） | n. English clergyman and brother of John Wesley who wrote many hymns (1707-1788) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *You’ve done all you can Dr. Wesley. You have got to let her go. Dr. Wesley: Good-bye and God speed, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#threesome\|threesome]] | /'θri:sәm/ | n. 三人一组, 三人的竞赛 | n the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one | 2 | 6 | 5 | *So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herbal\|herbal]] | /'hә:bәl/ | a. 草药的 | a. of or relating to herbs | 2 | 5 | 4 | *What the hell is this, herbal tea? I hate herbal tea!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pat\|pat]] | /pæt/ | n. 轻拍 | n. the sound made by a gentle blow | 2 | 10 | 7 | *I know.  Yeah, his name is Pat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caprice\|caprice]] | /kә'pri:s/ | n. 反复无常, 多变, 任性 | n. a sudden desire | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#walker\|walker]] | /'wɒ:kә/ | n. 徒步者, 轻便鞋 | n. New Zealand runner who in 1975 became the first person to run a mile in less  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tension\|tension]] | /'tenʃәn/ | n. 紧张, 不安, 拉紧, 张力, 压力, 电压 | n. (psychology) a state of mental or emotional strain or suspense | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I’d bet I’d still be doing my kara-tay.  Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pronounce\|pronounce]] | /prә'nauns/ | v. 发音, 宣告, 断言 | v. speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shallow\|shallow]] | /'ʃælәu/ | n. 水浅的地方, 浅滩 | v. make shallow | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What, you guys really think that I’m that shallow?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yorker\|yorker]] | /'jɒ:kә/ | n. 贴板球 | n. A tice. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I’d probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knack\|knack]] | /næk/ | n. 熟练技术, 巧妙手法, 诀窍 | n a special way of doing something | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lox\|lox]] | /lɒks/ | n. 熏鲑鱼, 液态氧 | n. brine-cured salmon that is lightly smoked | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y’know that if* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fox\|fox]] | /fɒks/ | n. 狐狸, 狡猾的人 | n. alert carnivorous mammal with pointed muzzle and ears and a bushy tail; most  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y’know that if* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|rob]] | /rɒb/ | v. 抢夺, 抢掠, 剥夺 | v. take something away by force or without the consent of the owner | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Rob Tillman!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busty\|busty]] | /'bʌsti/ | a. 大胸脯的, 胸部丰满的 | s (of a woman's body) having a large bosom and pleasing curves | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh wait, don’t you have to pay for your,  Busty Ladies?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#latte\|latte]] | /ˈlɑ:teɪ/ | n. 拿铁咖啡 | n strong espresso coffee with a topping of frothed steamed milk | 1 | 9 | 7 | *He’s not boring! He’s just-he’s just low key. Monica's Boyfriend:  Here we go, one Hazelnut Latte.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#masquerade\|masquerade]] | /.mɑ:skә'reid/ | n. 化装舞会, 伪装 | n. a party of guests wearing costumes and masks | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow!! Monica's Boyfriend: Can anyone else name a well known seed that’s been masquerading as a nut?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rejection\|rejection]] | /ri'dʒekʃәn/ | n. 拒绝, 抛弃, 驳回, 被抛弃的东西, 呕出物 | n. the act of rejecting something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brazil\|brazil]] | /brә'zil/ | n. 巴西 | n. the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking countr | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Bye. Monica's Boyfriend: Bye-bye.  Oh uh, by the way, the answer is, the Brazil nut.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] | /praid/ | n. 骄傲, 自尊心, 自豪, 精华, 勇气 | n. a feeling of self-respect and personal worth | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aboard\|aboard]] | /ә'bɒ:d/ | adv. 在船上, 在火车上, 在飞机上 | r. on a ship, train, plane or other vehicle | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh right great! Welcome aboard!* |
| sean | /ʃɔ:n/ | n. 肖恩（男子名） | n. A seine. See Seine. | 1 | 5 | 3 | *1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon’s party. I played you one of my songs, y’know Interpl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mcmahon\|mcmahon]] |  | n. 麦克马洪（姓） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon’s party. I played you one of my songs, y’know Interpl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interplanetary\|interplanetary]] | /.intә'plænitәri/ | a. 行星间的, 太阳系内的 | a. between or among planets | 1 | 1 | 1 | *1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon’s party. I played you one of my songs, y’know Interpl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#courtship\|courtship]] | /'kɒ:tʃip/ | n. 求爱, 求婚, 求爱时期 | n. a man's courting of a woman; seeking the affections of a woman (usually with  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon’s party. I played you one of my songs, y’know Interpl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ritual\|ritual]] | /'ritʃuәl/ | n. 仪式, 典礼, 宗教仪式 | n. any customary observance or practice | 1 | 4 | 2 | *1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon’s party. I played you one of my songs, y’know Interpl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#keyboard\|keyboard]] | /'ki:bɒ:d/ | n. 键盘 | n. device consisting of a set of keys on a piano or organ or typewriter or types | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Hey-hey, or I could bring my keyboard over here sometime!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kidney\|kidney]] | /'kidni/ | n. 肾, 个性 | n. either of two bean-shaped excretory organs that filter wastes (especially ure | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jean\|jean]] | /dʒi:n/ | n. 牛仔裤, 牛仔布, 斜纹棉布 | n. (usually plural) close-fitting trousers of heavy denim for manual work or cas | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.* |
| diff | /dif/ | abbr. 扩散器（diffuser）；[数]微分；差速器（differential） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.* |
| joan |  | n. 琼（女子名） |  | 1 | 11 | 6 | *Most people don’t like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I’m al* |
| mnage |  | [网络] 。 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y’know, dirty talk, mnage  trois, toys…* |
| trois |  | [网络] 三人性游戏；曼哈顿的三个房间；三代 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y’know, dirty talk, mnage  trois, toys…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warden\|warden]] | /'wɒ:dn/ | n. 典狱官, 渔猎法监督官, 看守人 | n. the chief official in charge of a prison | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Roll playing… You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prisoner\|prisoner]] | /'priznә/ | n. 囚犯, 犯人, 战俘 | n. a person who is confined; especially a prisoner of war | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Roll playing… You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pirate\|pirate]] | /'paiәrәt/ | n. 海盗, 盗印者, 侵犯专利权者 | n. someone who robs at sea or plunders the land from the sea without having a co | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Roll playing… You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wench\|wench]] | /wentʃ/ | n. 少妇, 乡下姑娘, 女仆 | v. frequent prostitutes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Roll playing… You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stockbroker\|stockbroker]] | /'stɒk.brәukә/ | n. 股票经纪人 | n. an agent in the buying and selling of stocks and bonds | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you’re-you’re-you’re rolling around naked on the tra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pub\|pub]] | /pʌb/ | n. 酒馆, 客栈 | n tavern consisting of a building with a bar and public rooms; often provides li | 1 | 4 | 3 | *All right, and over there is Brady’s Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unwind\|unwind]] | /.ʌn'waind/ | vt. 展开 | v. reverse the winding or twisting of | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, and over there is Brady’s Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]] | /'raiti/ | n. 右派, 保守派 |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All righty, what do you say we head back to my place?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] | /'tru:li/ | adv. 真实地, 不假 | r. in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Uh, yeah but uh,  I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freshly\|freshly]] | /'freʃli/ | adv. 新, 新近, 精神饱满 | r very recently | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Here you go Joe, here’s the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writer]] | /'raitә/ | n. 作家, 撰稿者, 抄写员 | n. writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay) | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Oh my God! That’s great! Oh wow!  You’re a published writer! I wish I had a present for you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gang\|gang]] | /gæŋ/ | n. 队, 群, 帮 | n. an association of criminals | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jalopy\|jalopy]] | /dʒә'lɔpi/ | n. 破旧车, 破旧的飞机 | n a car that is old and unreliable | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assist\|assist]] | /ә'sist/ | n. 帮助, 协助 | n. (sports) the act of enabling another player to make a good play | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butler\|butler]] | /'bʌtlә/ | n. 男管家, 司膳总管 | n. a manservant (usually the head servant of a household) who has charge of wine | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milkshake\|milkshake]] |  | n. 奶昔 | n. frothy drink of milk and flavoring and sometimes fruit or ice cream | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lump\|lump]] | /lʌmp/ | n. 块, 瘤, 很多, 肿块, 笨人 | v. put together indiscriminately | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#betcha\|betcha]] | /'betʃә/ | <口> = bet you |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah I can!  And don’t think I don’t, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#louder\|louder]] |  | adv. 大声一点 | a characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Say it louder, I don’t think the guy all the way in the back heard you! Guy All the Way in the Back:* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#restriction\|restriction]] | /ri'strikʃәn/ | n. 限制, 限定, 约束 | n. a principle that limits the extent of something | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn’t be all this rules and restrictions!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homework\|homework]] | /'hәumwә:k/ | n. 家庭作业, 家里做的工作 | n. preparatory school work done outside school (especially at home) | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh.  Wow!  Huh.  Boy!  Well, someone’s been doing their homework.* |
| gail | /^eil/ | n. 盖尔（女子名, 等于Gale或Gayle） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah. Ooh, and I know Gail Rosten is in there twice, but she is so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rosten\|rosten]] |  | [人名] 罗斯滕 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. Ooh, and I know Gail Rosten is in there twice, but she is so…* |
