---
season: 6
episode: "11"
title: "The One With The Apothecary Table"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E11 — The One With The Apothecary Table

*Teleplay by: Brian Boyle*

*Story by: Zachary Rosenblatt*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, everyone is there as Joey enters happily.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Joey:** Listen, do you guys think I have a chance with Janine?

**Monica:** Honey, we have been through this before!

**Rachel:** Yeah. Don’t do this to yourself.

**Phoebe:** She’s made it pretty clear, it is not going to happen.

**Joey:** Well all right then, I guess I shouldn’t get to excited about the fact *(excitedly)* that I just kissed her!

**Monica:** You serious?!

**Chandler:** That’s great!

**Monica:** Really?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah well, we’ll see.

**Ross:** You kissed her.

**Joey:** Oh we kissed it up real nice.

**Chandler:** So you kissed her, so what happened after that?

**Joey:** I came over here to tell you guys.

**Chandler:** So she’s just waiting over there for ya?

*(Joey nods yes, but suddenly realizes what he did and runs out of the apartment and back to his place.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Janine are pretty much making out at one of the tables as Monica and Rachel look on from the couch.

**Janine:** I gotta go.

**Joey:** Okay. *(They kiss.)*

**Janine:** I’m gonna be really late for dance class!

**Joey:** Okay. *(They kiss.)*

**Janine:** Okay, now I’m really late. *(Gets up.)*

**Joey:** Okay, I’m all right, okay, but hey, could you just leave your [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]]?

*(She kisses him on the cheek and starts to leave.)*

**Janine:** *(to Monica and Rachel)* Bye.

**Monica:** Bye. *(Janine exits.)*

**Joey:** Have you kissed her yet? It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]]! I could do it [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]! Y’know what? She-she kisses better than my mom [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooks]]!

**Monica:** I am so glad you said [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooks]].

**Rachel:** I know.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Oh hey Rachel, [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]]? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff.

*(Hands her all of her bills and stuff.)*

**Rachel:** Oh-oh, Pottery Barn! *(Grabs the aforementioned catalog and holds the rest back out to Chandler.)* You can throw the rest away.

**Chandler:** I’m not your [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]] man. I’m your [[Friends-词汇总表#mailman\|mailman]].

**Rachel:** Monica look! Look-look-look! Here is that table that I ordered. *(Shows her the picture.)*

**Monica:** You got it from Pottery Barn?!

**Rachel:** Yeah! It’s an [[Friends-词汇总表#apothecary\|apothecary]] table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?

**Chandler:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#pharmacist\|pharmacist]]. *(Rachel mocks him.)*

**Monica:** Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.

**Joey:** I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!

**Chandler:** You took off your pants and [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climbed]] under the sheets!

**Joey:** *(indignant)* I was [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]]!

**Rachel:** Phoebe hates Pottery Barn?!

**Monica:** Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.

**Rachel:** Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.

**Monica:** It’s gotta be one of a kind. Y’know like umm, y’know uh, what’s that God [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ceramic\|ceramic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] she has on her counter?

**Joey:** Hey! I made that for her!

**Chandler:** You made [[Friends-词汇总表#pottery\|pottery]]?

**Joey:** Yeah! I made it of this [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] I found in the [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]].

**Monica:** I’m telling—If you put that in her apartment you’ll never hear the end of it.

**Rachel:** Okay fine! I’ll-I’ll just tell her it’s an [[Friends-词汇总表#antique\|antique]] [[Friends-词汇总表#apothecary\|apothecary]] table, she doesn’t have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawers]]! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.

**Chandler:** Ahh, just like the [[Friends-词汇总表#apothecary\|apothecary]] tables of [[Friends-词汇总表#yore\|yore]]…


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway between the apartments, Joey, Janine, Chandler, and Monica are returning from a double date. Chandler is telling a joke.

**Chandler:** …so then the [[Friends-词汇总表#farmer\|farmer]] says, "That’s not a [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]] and you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milking]] it." *(Everyone laughs.)*

**Monica:** I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!

**Chandler:** Look at us, we’re a couple of couples!

**Janine:** I had so much fun tonight, and what a great restaurant.

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Joey:** And Chandler I can’t believe I let you pay for this one. *(They hug and he whispers in his ear.)* Thanks man.

**Monica:** So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I’ll make that [[Friends-词汇总表#pasta\|pasta]] thing I was telling you about.

**Janine:** Oh that would be great!

**Joey:** Oh, but hey look, at least let us bring the wine.

**Monica:** Joey, you don’t have too!

**Joey:** Nope-op! I [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]]! *(He hugs Chandler again and whispers to him.)* You get the wine right?

**Chandler:** Yeah all right. *(They part.)* Okay, good night guys.

**Joey:** See ya tomorrow!

**Monica:** Tomorrow!

**Janine:** Can’t wait! *(They each go into their respective apartments.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Joey and Janine’s.

**Janine:** How are we gonna get out of that one?

**Joey:** What?

**Janine:** I can’t handle two nights in a [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]] with them.

**Joey:** What-what’s wrong with Monica and Chandler?

**Janine:** I don’t know, they’re just a little blah!

**Joey:** Blah?!

**Janine:** Well y’know, he’s blah, she’s just—she’s very [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] for such a small person.

**Joey:** Uh, they’re like my best friends. Are you saying we can’t hang out with them? ‘Cause that would kinda be a problem.

**Janine:** No! Of course we can still hang out with them. Just y’know, not two nights in a [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]]. Okay?

**Joey:** I guess.

**Janine:** Thank you. *(They kiss.)*

**Joey:** If you want, I’ll sell my friends and use the money to buy you presents.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, Rachel is placing CDs into her antique apothecary table as Phoebe returns home.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** *(sees the table)* Ooh, what a great table! Where-where did you get it?

**Rachel:** Guess!

**Phoebe:** Umm, a [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|flea]] market?

**Rachel:** Ha! See, I knew, I knew you’d get it on the first guess. Isn’t it cool! It’s an [[Friends-词汇总表#apothecary\|apothecary]] table.

**Phoebe:** Wow! Oh you can just [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] that this is where *(She’s opening and closing the drawers)* they kept all the stuff to make their [[Friends-词汇总表#potion\|potions]].

**Rachel:** Ohh, yes.

**Phoebe:** Y’know? Ooh, you can almost smell the [[Friends-词汇总表#opium\|opium]].

**Rachel:** Almost.

**Phoebe:** How much was it?

**Rachel:** It was only 500 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Phoebe:** 500 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] at a [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|flea]] market?!

**Rachel:** Oh, okay see I thought, I thought you meant how much was it when it was new, y’know like back then.

**Phoebe:** Oh no.

**Rachel:** Yeah no, I mean it was at a [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|flea]] market, so it was y’know, it was like a dollar.

**Phoebe:** A dollar?

**Rachel:** And [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]]. So it was like one and fifty dollars.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, okay, they gave you the old time pricing.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Well, what period is it from?

**Rachel:** Uh, it’s from [[Friends-词汇总表#yore\|yore]]. Like the days of yore. Y’know?

**Phoebe:** Yes, yes I do. God, oh it’s just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y’know where it was from or…

**Rachel:** Yes! That I know, this is from White Plains.

**Phoebe:** *(gasps)* White Plains. Oh, it sounds like such a [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] place.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s apartment, Rachel is entering as Ross comes out of the kitchen carrying popcorn.

**Rachel:** Hey! We’re here!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** *(seeing his new table)* Ohh! Oh my God!

**Ross:** You like it?

**Rachel:** Oh no!

**Ross:** It’s my new [[Friends-词汇总表#apothecary\|apothecary]] table!

**Rachel:** Ross! Phoebe’s gonna be here any second, she cannot see this!

**Ross:** Well why not?! She’ll-she’ll love it! It’s the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.

**Rachel:** I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she’s gonna know that I lied to her. I told her [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] was an original.

**Ross:** Why did you do that?

**Rachel:** Because she hates Pottery Barn.

**Ross:** She hates Pottery Barn?!!

**Rachel:** I know! I know, she says it’s all mass-produced, nothing is [[Friends-词汇总表#authentic\|authentic]], and everyone winds up having the same stuff. *(Ross looks at his table.)* So come on, she’s gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?

**Ross:** What? No! No! I am not gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] it from Phoebe—Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets! *(Gets them.)*

**Rachel:** Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!

**Ross:** Uh, yeah! I still can’t believe she hates Pottery Barn!

**Rachel:** Ross, get over it! It’s not like she hates you.

**Ross:** Yeah but Pottery Barn! Y’know what I think? It’s just she-she’s weird. Y’know it’s because she’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]]. Twins are weird.

**Rachel:** Ross, she’s not weird, she just wants her stuff to be one of a kind.

**Ross:** Huh. Y’know what’s not one of a kind? A [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]]!

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Ooh, Phoebe’s here! Okay, let’s turn out all the lights and we’ll just watch the movie!

**Phoebe:** Okay. Hey—Ooh, cool sheets! *(Notices the sheet over the table.)*

**Ross:** Oh, you like it? You wanna know where I got it?

**Phoebe:** Sure!

**Rachel:** He got it a [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|flea]] market!

**Phoebe:** You bought your sheets at a [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|flea]] market? Ross come on, you gotta [[Friends-词汇总表#loosen\|loosen]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] strings a little.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Janine’s, Joey is pacing around as Chandler and Monica enter.

**Monica:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hi!

**Monica:** The dinner will be ready in [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] minutes. This is so exciting.

**Chandler:** And here is the [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of wine for you to bring over tonight. *(Hands it to him.)* You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] it, because you paid dinner last night.

**Joey:** Thanks. Thanks, but uh actually it’s just gonna be me again tonight.

**Monica:** What happened to Janine?

**Joey:** Oh, she’s uh-uh really [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].

**Chandler:** Oh that’s too bad.

**Joey:** Yeah, she’s been in there all day *(Points to her room)*, uh high [[Friends-词汇总表#fever\|fever]], a [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] problem… Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-[[Friends-词汇总表#phlegm\|phlegm]]-phlegm!

**Janine:** *(entering from her room)* Monica! Chandler! I’m really-really sorry about tonight. I don’t know if Joey told you; I just couldn’t get out of going to this play. I’m sorry. Have a great time.

**Joey:** ‘Kay!

**Janine:** Bye. *(Exits)*

**Chandler:** That’s funny, I saw no [[Friends-词汇总表#phlegm\|phlegm]].


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Janine’s, continued from earlier.

**Joey:** No-no, she really is [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]!

**Chandler:** Then why-why is she going to a play?!

**Joey:** Uh, y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#starve\|starve]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#fever\|fever]], go to a play for a cold.

**Monica:** Joey! Why is Janine not coming over for dinner?!

**Joey:** Well uh, she didn’t want to hang out with you guys two nights in a [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]]. I’m so sorry.

**Chandler:** Well, why does she not want to hang out with us?!

**Joey:** Because she uh, she-she thinks that you are blah and that you, Monica, are too [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]].

**Monica:** *(loudly)* What?!! *(Quietly)* What?

**Chandler:** So she was just [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]] to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!

**Monica:** Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] us? We could not have been [[Friends-词汇总表#nicer\|nicer]] to her!

**Chandler:** And I am not blah, I am a [[Friends-词汇总表#hoot\|hoot]]!

**Joey:** I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don’t-don’t be mad. I’m sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] and you guys are like my best friends! Y’know? And it was our first date! Plus, she’s really [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]!

**Chandler:** No, you sh—No you said you made that up!!

**Joey:** I know, but don’t you think the [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] thing is way better than the play thing?

**Chandler:** Eh, they’re both good. I generally just go with, Monica’s drunk again. *(Monica glares at him.)*

**Joey:** Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She’ll come around I promise.

**Monica:** Of course we will, come on we gotta make dinner.

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(They exit and close the door.)*

**Monica:** *(from the hallway)* I do not like that woman!

**Joey:** *(shouting)* I can hear you!

**Monica:** I am [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are watching a movie.

**All:** Aww! *(They all laugh.)*

**Rachel:** That’s funny. *(Phoebe puts her feet up on Ross’s table.)*

**Ross:** Hey Pheebs, could you please not put your feet up on my new…*(On Rachel’s glare)*…old sheet?

**Phoebe:** Oh sure! *(She goes to take her feet off, but drags the sheet with her which spills the wine.)* Noo!

**Rachel:** Ohh!!

**Ross:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#apothecary\|apothecary]] table!!!

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Rachel:** Noooooo!! *(Phoebe lifts up the sheet to discover the exact same apothecary table they have.)*

**Phoebe:** Ross, where did you get this?!

**Ross:** I got it at Pottery Barn!! Okay?!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, Phoebe, Pottery Barn has [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|ripped]] off the design of our [[Friends-词汇总表#antique\|antique]]!

**Phoebe:** Wow! Oh my God, well if they’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|ripped]] off our table [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] must be much more than one and [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] dollars!

**Rachel:** Oh yes.

**Phoebe:** Well this doesn’t even smell like [[Friends-词汇总表#opium\|opium]].

**Ross:** Of course not, it smells like wine, which you [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spilled]]! And thanks for [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wrecking]] my sheet by the way.

**Phoebe:** Oh Ross, [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down, I’ll give you the 80 [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cents]]. *(Ross glares at Rachel)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are sitting at the kitchen table.

**Chandler:** Okay, one more time.

**Monica:** Chandler, would you like some more orange [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]]?

**Chandler:** Perfect [[Friends-词汇总表#decibel\|decibel]].

**Monica:** *(loudly)* I know!!!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** So uh, what are you guys doing?

**Chandler:** Oh nothing, we’re just talking. Y’know, blah-blah-blah.

**Joey:** Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.

**Monica:** Well, I’d like to but, *(extremely quietly)* I’m not sure we have time to go.

**Joey:** Ha-ha, very funny—Look! I don’t know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me!

**Monica:** We [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you?!

**Joey:** That’s right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] around for like six months, and I looked like an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]! And I was [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliated]]. And I only made 200 dollars!

**Monica:** We didn’t give you any money! *(Chandler is motioning, "No!")*

**Joey:** You don’t think I know that!


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, Rachel is showing Ross around the newly decorated living room.

**Rachel:** …see I can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] whether it would go better next to the new [[Friends-词汇总表#wicker\|wicker]] dining chair, the Sahara desk, or the Parker [[Friends-词汇总表#console\|console]] table.

**Ross:** Wow! I didn’t know that there was a Pottery Barn up here.

**Rachel:** I know, I know. I went a little crazy.

**Ross:** A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the [[Friends-词汇总表#catalogue\|catalogue]]. Oh look at that! The [[Friends-词汇总表#ornamental\|ornamental]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cage\|cage]]! Large!

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** *(sees Ross)* Oh Ross no. Be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]], that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.

**Ross:** *(glaring at Rachel)* Fascinating.

**Phoebe:** *(gasps)* Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!

**Rachel:** Oh it does, it does! It is a room separating [[Friends-词汇总表#apparatus\|apparatus]] from Colonial times.

**Phoebe:** Ah!

**Ross:** Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel? *(She glares at him.)*

**Rachel:** Well there’s [[Friends-词汇总表#yore\|yore]]. And uh, y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#yesteryear\|yesteryear]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah no, I’m telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y’know if you ever [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] you need to [[Friends-词汇总表#redecorate\|redecorate]]—And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.

**Rachel:** Oh honey he doesn’t need my help.

**Phoebe:** Oh, come on! I think he’s ready to get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of, what did you call it? The cheap [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]]-offs and [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] [[Friends-词汇总表#junk\|junk]].

**Ross:** Really?! *(To Rachel)* Hey, y’know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here’s-here’s 60 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]], why don’t you take Phoebe down to that Colonial [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|flea]] market of yours and get me some stuff.

**Rachel:** *(not sure of what to do)* Y’know what? I don’t, I don’t think Phoebe really wants to come.

**Phoebe:** No! I do want to!

**Rachel:** Oh, she does want to.

**Ross:** She does want to.

**Phoebe:** Yeah!


> [!scene] Scene: The Street, Phoebe and Rachel are heading back from that Colonial flea market.

**Rachel:** Pheebs, I don’t know what to say. I guess the [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|flea]] market was just better last time.

**Phoebe:** Well at least I got these sheets for Ross.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

*(They walk by a Pottery Barn window display.)*

**Phoebe:** Uck, look at this! Pottery Barn, [[Friends-词汇总表#yuck\|yuck]]!

**Rachel:** Yeah, y’know what? Don’t look at it. *(Realizes the display is their living room)* Seriously, don’t look at it. *(Tries to pull Phoebe away.)*

**Phoebe:** No! Look-look! There’s the coffee table they stole from us!

**Rachel:** Ugh, those [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastards]]! Let’s go.

**Phoebe:** That fan kinda looks like [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]]. And the [[Friends-词汇总表#birdcage\|birdcage]] and the…wait a sec! This is our [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] living room!

**Rachel:** No! No! No! No it’s not! No it’s not! Come on! Phoebe, [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] is totally different! I mean we don’t have the… *(Looks desperately for something different.)* We don’t have the…that [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]! And-and that screen is y’know, on the other side.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!

**Rachel:** Okay! Okay-okay look—no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just… Come on don’t be mad.

**Phoebe:** No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it’s all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don’t have that [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]!

**Rachel:** Well then honey, buy the [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]! Hey, we have that 60 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] from Ross.

**Phoebe:** I can’t! I can’t! Unless… Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn’t buy that [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]?

**Rachel:** What?! No! I’m not gonna move out!

**Phoebe:** But are you saying that you would move out if I didn’t buy that [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]?

**Rachel:** *(gets it)* Oh. Yes! I would so move out!

**Phoebe:** Okay then I don’t have a choice! I have to buy that [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]!

**Rachel:** That’s right!

*(They start to go inside.)*

**Phoebe:** But at least the [[Friends-词汇总表#apothecary\|apothecary]] table is real.


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway, Joey, Janine, Monica, and Chandler are returning from their second date.

**Joey:** Well, this-this-this was great. Didn’t everybody have a great time?

**Janine:** Well I did. I really did. And you guys, I’ve got to say, I’m sorry if I was a little weird after the last time we went out. I guess I was just [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] or something.

**Chandler:** That’s totally [[Friends-词汇总表#understandable\|understandable]].

**Monica:** Don’t worry about it.

**Janine:** So we can go out again?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah!

**Monica:** Absolutely!

**Janine:** Oh good.

**Joey:** Oh well then, good night!

**Monica:** Good night! *(They go into their respective apartments.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Joey and Janine’s, they’re entering.

**Joey:** See? Eh, wasn’t that fun?

**Janine:** We have got to move!

**Monica:** *(bursting in)* I knew it!! Y’know, you’re not so [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] yourself, [[Friends-词汇总表#missy\|missy]]!

**Chandler:** And I’m blah? Listen, the only thing more [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]] than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, *(Imitating her)* "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."

**Janine:** Y’know, I know you’re talking, but all I hear is, "Blah. Blah. Blah-blah-blah."

**Monica:** *(steps up and points at her)* All right! You and me! Let’s go! Right now!

**Joey:** All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! *(To Chandler and Monica)* You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine! *(They start to leave.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Y’know I think you can take her.

**Monica:** *(to Janine)* You’d better hope I don’t see you in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]]!!

*(They exit.)*

**Joey:** All right, uh, we’ve got a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] them that way.

**Janine:** They said stuff to me too, y’know!

**Joey:** I know! I know! And I’m going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They… They’re like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I… I don’t think we can be together. It just, it just can’t work. It can’t. *(Starts to break up)* I’m very upset.

**Janine:** Okay. Okay. Would, would it help if I went over and [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologized]]?

**Joey:** Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah. *(He opens the door for her and she exits into the hallway.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the hallway, Janine is entering as Monica is taking out the garbage.

**Monica:** What did I tell you about the hall?!

**Janine:** I was just coming over here to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] for my behavior! I’d really like it if we could be friends.

**Monica:** Well, I know that would make Joey happy, so, I would like that too.

**Janine:** Great.

**Monica:** Now come on. *(They hug like men.)* Well, I’m glad we worked things out.

**Janine:** Me too.

**Monica:** Okay.

**Janine:** I’ll see you.

**Monica:** Bye. *(Leaves to resume her garbage removal task.)*

**Janine:** *(muttering to herself)* Or I’ll hear you.

**Monica:** *(hearing that)* That’s it big girl! *(Hits Janine in the butt with the garbage bag)* Come on!

**Janine:** Wait! *(Janine pauses, then runs down the stairs.)*

**Monica:** *(chasing her)* You’d better run!

*(Joey and Chandler both come into the hallway.)*

**Chandler:** Did you hear that?

**Joey:** Yeah uh, what am I gonna do?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I’m sorry man. *(Pause)* You wanna go watch?

**Joey:** Yeah! *(They head downstairs.)* Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Chandler, and Monica are there as Joey enters.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Joey:** How ya doin’?

**Chandler:** Hey so, did uh, did she move out?

**Joey:** Pretty much, yeah.

**Monica:** I cannot believe you broke up with her just like that.

**Joey:** Well, when it’s not right, you know it.

**Chandler:** You okay?

**Joey:** Yeah! Yeah. I’ll be all right.

**Ross:** Y’know what would [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] you up?

**Joey:** What?

**Ross:** I’m giving this [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] on [[Friends-词汇总表#erosion\|erosion]] theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.

**Joey:** *(laughing hysterically)* You’re right! That did [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] me up!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 7 | 126 | 70 | *Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 6 | 442 | 191 | *Well all right then, I guess I shouldn’t get to excited about the fact  that I just kissed her!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 5 | 219 | 100 | *Well all right then, I guess I shouldn’t get to excited about the fact  that I just kissed her!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 4 | 281 | 110 | *Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 4 | 177 | 117 | *Uh, they’re like my best friends. Are you saying we can’t hang out with them? ‘Cause that would kind* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 4 | 266 | 138 | *Yeah but Pottery Barn! Y’know what I think? It’s just she-she’s weird. Y’know it’s because she’s a t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 4 | 215 | 100 | *The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 4 | 130 | 71 | *I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don’t-don’t be mad. I’m sure she just, she just sai* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 3 | 121 | 86 | *I am so glad you said cooks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *So you kissed her, so what happened after that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *Y’know? Ooh, you can almost smell the opium.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 2 | 115 | 71 | *Yes, yes I do. God, oh it’s just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they te* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *No! No! No! No it’s not! No it’s not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don’t ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Well all right then, I guess I shouldn’t get to excited about the fact  that I just kissed her!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Have you kissed her yet? It’s awesome! I could do it forever! Y’know what? She-she kisses better tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Oh-oh, Pottery Barn!  You can throw the rest away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *I’m telling—If you put that in her apartment you’ll never hear the end of it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she’s gonna know that I lied to he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Eh, they’re both good. I generally just go with, Monica’s drunk again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She’ll come around I prom* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *I know, I know. I went a little crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Really?!  Hey, y’know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here’s-here’s * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Yeah, y’know what? Don’t look at it.  Seriously, don’t look at it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *No! Look-look! There’s the coffee table they stole from us!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Don’t worry about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *I know! I know! And I’m going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They… They’re like * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *I know! I know! And I’m going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They… They’re like * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *How ya doin’?* |

### 常用词（59）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 6 | 23 | 13 | *No! No! No! No it’s not! No it’s not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don’t ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 4 | 73 | 48 | *It was only 500 bucks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] | /'auәz/ | pron. 我们的 | pl.  of I | 4 | 19 | 14 | *I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she’s gonna know that I lied to he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 4 | 86 | 49 | *Oh, she’s uh-uh really sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 3 | 37 | 30 | *Well y’know, he’s blah, she’s just—she’s very loud for such a small person.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] | /'fifti/ | num. 五十, 五十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and five | 3 | 20 | 14 | *And fifty. So it was like one and fifty dollars.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 2 | 48 | 39 | *Have you kissed her yet? It’s awesome! I could do it forever! Y’know what? She-she kisses better tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]] | /'gɑ:bidʒ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. food that is discarded (as from a kitchen) | 2 | 19 | 14 | *I’m not your garbage man. I’m your mailman.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 2 | 23 | 14 | *It’s gotta be one of a kind. Y’know like umm, y’know uh, what’s that God awful ceramic fruit bowl sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 2 | 24 | 21 | *It’s gotta be one of a kind. Y’know like umm, y’know uh, what’s that God awful ceramic fruit bowl sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 2 | 59 | 24 | *Yeah but Pottery Barn! Y’know what I think? It’s just she-she’s weird. Y’know it’s because she’s a t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 2 | 55 | 42 | *I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don’t-don’t be mad. I’m sure she just, she just sai* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] | /rip/ | n. 裂痕, 破绽, 拉裂, 浪子, 巨浪 | n. an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart | 2 | 26 | 22 | *Oh my God, Phoebe, Pottery Barn has ripped off the design of our antique!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 2 | 58 | 41 | *Ha-ha, very funny—Look! I don’t know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 2 | 64 | 44 | *…see I can’t decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 2 | 54 | 35 | *A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 2 | 29 | 23 | *Y’know what would cheer you up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *Okay, I’m all right, okay, but hey, could you just leave your lips?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] | /'ɒ:sәm/ | a. 引起敬畏的, 可怕的 | s inspiring awe or admiration or wonder | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Have you kissed her yet? It’s awesome! I could do it forever! Y’know what? She-she kisses better tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Have you kissed her yet? It’s awesome! I could do it forever! Y’know what? She-she kisses better tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 1 | 25 | 18 | *You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *I was tired!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *It’s gotta be one of a kind. Y’know like umm, y’know uh, what’s that God awful ceramic fruit bowl sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Okay fine! I’ll-I’ll just tell her it’s an antique apothecary table, she doesn’t have to know where * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]] | /kau/ | n. 母牛, 母兽 | n. female of domestic cattle: "`moo-cow' is a child's term" | 1 | 16 | 13 | *…so then the farmer says, "That’s not a cow and you’re not milking it."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *…so then the farmer says, "That’s not a cow and you’re not milking it."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] | /in'sist/ | v. 坚持, 坚决主张, 强调 | v. be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Nope-op! I insist!  You get the wine right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where  they kept all the stuff to make their potions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] | /'mædʒikәl/ | a. 魔术的, 有魔力的, 不可思议的 | s possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers | 1 | 13 | 11 | *White Plains. Oh, it sounds like such a magical place.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe—Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight.  You were also going to buy Monica flo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] | /ә'fɒ:d/ | vt. 买得起, 足以, 给予 | v. be able to spare or give up | 1 | 16 | 15 | *And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight.  You were also going to buy Monica flo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *Yeah, she’s been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem… Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phl* |
| kay | /kei/ | n. 字母K, K字形物 |  | 1 | 17 | 13 | *‘Kay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww!* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Oh sure!  Noo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wreck]] | /rek/ | n. 失事, 残骸, 破坏 | n. something or someone that has suffered ruin or dilapidation | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Oh Ross, calm down, I’ll give you the 80 cents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cent]] | /sent/ | n. 分 | n. a fractional monetary unit of several countries | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Oh Ross, calm down, I’ll give you the 80 cents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 1 | 44 | 22 | *Chandler, would you like some more orange juice?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] | /sni:k/ | vi. 鬼鬼祟祟做事 | n. a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible | 1 | 15 | 14 | *That’s right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *That’s right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliate]] | /hju:'milieit/ | vt. 使丢脸, 使蒙羞, 屈辱 | v. cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of | 1 | 15 | 11 | *That’s right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their bi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Oh, come on! I think he’s ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *Oh, come on! I think he’s ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Ugh, those bastards! Let’s go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] | /ig'zækt/ | a. 精确的, 准确的, 精密的 | a. marked by strict and particular and complete accordance with fact | 1 | 21 | 19 | *That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the…wait a sec! This is our exact living room!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] | /'kwaiәt/ | n. 安静, 闲适, 平静 | a. characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity | 1 | 19 | 16 | *I knew it!! Y’know, you’re not so quiet yourself, missy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 1 | 38 | 27 | *And I’m blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] | /'hɔ:lwei/ | n. 门厅；玄关；走廊 | n. an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open | 1 | 17 | 15 | *You’d better hope I don’t see you in the hallway!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *All right, uh, we’ve got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can’t trea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Okay. Okay. Would, would it help if I went over and apologized?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] | /'lektʃә/ | n. 演讲, 谴责, 讲稿 | n. a speech that is open to the public | 1 | 15 | 10 | *I’m giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.* |

### 低频词（45）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pottery\|pottery]] | /'pɒtәri/ | n. 陶器, 陶器厂 | n. ceramic ware made from clay and baked in a kiln | 18 | 20 | 3 | *Oh-oh, Pottery Barn!  You can throw the rest away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] | /bɑ:n/ | n. 谷仓 | n. an outlying farm building for storing grain or animal feed and housing farm a | 17 | 25 | 8 | *Oh-oh, Pottery Barn!  You can throw the rest away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apothecary\|apothecary]] | /ә'pɒθәkәri/ | n. 药剂师, 药房 | n a health professional trained in the art of preparing and dispensing drugs | 8 | 8 | 1 | *Yeah! It’s an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flea\|flea]] | /fli:/ | n. 跳蚤 | n. any wingless bloodsucking parasitic insect noted for ability to leap | 7 | 8 | 2 | *Umm, a flea market?* |
| janine |  | n. 亚尼内（女子名） |  | 5 | 18 | 6 | *Listen, do you guys think I have a chance with Janine?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colonial\|colonial]] | /kә'lәunjәl/ | a. 殖民的, 殖民地的 | n. a resident of a colony | 4 | 7 | 3 | *Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their bi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plain\|plain]] | /plein/ | n. 平原, 草原, 朴实无华的东西, 无格式 | n. extensive tract of level open land | 3 | 6 | 4 | *Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]] | /rәu. rau/ | n. 排, 行, 街道, 划船, 吵闹 | n. an arrangement of objects or people side by side in a line | 3 | 11 | 9 | *I can’t handle two nights in a row with them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yore\|yore]] | /jɔ:, jɔә/ | n. 从前, 往昔 | n. time long past | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phlegm\|phlegm]] | /flem/ | n. 痰, 粘液, 粘液质, 迟钝, 冷淡, 沉着, 镇定 | n. expectorated matter; saliva mixed with discharges from the respiratory passag | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, she’s been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem… Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#antique\|antique]] | /æn'ti:k/ | n. 古董, 古物 | n. any piece of furniture or decorative object or the like produced in a former  | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Okay fine! I’ll-I’ll just tell her it’s an antique apothecary table, she doesn’t have to know where * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opium\|opium]] | /'әupjәm/ | n. 鸦片 | n. an addictive narcotic extracted from seed capsules of the opium poppy | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Y’know? Ooh, you can almost smell the opium.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fever\|fever]] | /'fi:vә/ | n. 发烧, 发热, 热病 | n. a rise in the temperature of the body; frequently a symptom of infection | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Yeah, she’s been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem… Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mailman\|mailman]] | /'meilmæn/ | n. 邮递员 | n. a man who delivers the mail | 1 | 9 | 6 | *I’m not your garbage man. I’m your mailman.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pharmacist\|pharmacist]] | /'fɑ:mәsist/ | n. 药师, 药品商, 药商, 药剂师 | n. a health professional trained in the art of preparing and dispensing drugs | 1 | 9 | 5 | *A pharmacist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceramic\|ceramic]] | /si'ræmik/ | a. 陶瓷的 | n. an artifact made of hard brittle material produced from nonmetallic minerals  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s gotta be one of a kind. Y’know like umm, y’know uh, what’s that God awful ceramic fruit bowl sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#farmer\|farmer]] | /'fɑ:mә/ | n. 农夫, 农场主 | n. a person who operates a farm | 1 | 2 | 2 | *…so then the farmer says, "That’s not a cow and you’re not milking it."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pasta\|pasta]] | /'pæstә/ | n. 意大利面食 | n. a dish that contains pasta as its main ingredient | 1 | 6 | 5 | *So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I’ll make that pasta thing I was telling you about.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potion\|potion]] | /'pәuʃәn/ | n. 饮剂, 饮料, 一次饮用量, 一服, 一剂 | n. a medicinal or magical or poisonous beverage | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where  they kept all the stuff to make their potions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#authentic\|authentic]] | /ɒ:'θentik/ | a. 可靠的, 可信的, 真正的 | s. conforming to fact and therefore worthy of belief | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I know! I know, she says it’s all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having * |
| ooo |  | n. 已坏 |  | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loosen\|loosen]] | /lu:sn/ | vt. 放松, 松开, 解除 | v. make loose or looser | 1 | 5 | 5 | *You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#starve\|starve]] | /stɑ:v/ | v. (使)饿死, (使)挨饿 | v. be hungry; go without food | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Uh, y’know, starve a fever, go to a play for a cold.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nicer\|nicer]] |  | a. 良好的 | a pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hoot\|hoot]] | /hu:t/ | n. 叫嚣, 嘲骂声, 鸣响 | n. a loud raucous cry (as of an owl) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And I am not blah, I am a hoot!* |
| noooooo |  | [网络] 没门哦；是的是的；坏掉了 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Noooooo!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]] | /spil/ | n. 溢出, 溅出, 摔下, 溢出量, 木片, 小塞子 | n. liquid that is spilled | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decibel\|decibel]] | /'desibel/ | n. 分贝 | n. a logarithmic unit of sound intensity; 10 times the logarithm of the ratio of | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Perfect decibel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wicker\|wicker]] | /'wikә/ | n. 柳条 | n. slender flexible branches or twigs (especially of willow or some canes); used | 1 | 3 | 3 | *…see I can’t decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sahara\|sahara]] | /sә'hɑ:rә/ | n. 撒哈拉沙漠 | n. the world's largest desert (3,500,000 square miles) in northern Africa | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…see I can’t decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#console\|console]] | /kәn'sәul/ | vt. 安慰, 藉慰 | n. a scientific instrument consisting of displays and an input device that an op | 1 | 3 | 3 | *…see I can’t decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catalogue\|catalogue]] | /'kætәlɒg/ | n. 目录, 大学情况一览 | v. make an itemized list or catalog of; classify | 1 | 4 | 4 | *A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ornamental\|ornamental]] | /.ɒ:nә'mentl/ | n. 装饰物, 观赏植物 | n. any plant grown for its beauty or ornamental value | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cage\|cage]] | /keidʒ/ | n. 笼, 牢房, 战俘营 | n. an enclosure made or wire or metal bars in which birds or animals can be kept | 1 | 6 | 3 | *A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinate]] | /'fæsineit/ | vt. 令人入神, 使着迷 | v. to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Fascinating.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparatus\|apparatus]] | /.æpә'reitәs/ | n. 装置, 器具, 器官 | n. equipment designed to serve a specific function | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh it does, it does! It is a room separating apparatus from Colonial times.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yesteryear\|yesteryear]] | /'jestәjiә(r)/ | n. 去年, 不久以前 | n the time that has elapsed | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well there’s yore. And uh, y’know, yesteryear.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#redecorate\|redecorate]] | /'ri:'dekәreit/ | vt.vi. 重新装饰 | v. redo the decoration of an apartment or house | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah no, I’m telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y’know if you ever decide* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#junk\|junk]] | /dʒʌŋk/ | n. 垃圾, 乌七八糟的东西, 舢板 | n. any of various Chinese boats with a high poop and lugsails | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, come on! I think he’s ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uck\|uck]] |  | n. (Uck)人名；(德)于克 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Uck, look at this! Pottery Barn, yuck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yuck\|yuck]] | /jʌk/ | int. [美俚]啐（表示反感等, 等于yuk） | v. i. To itch. | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Uck, look at this! Pottery Barn, yuck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birdcage\|birdcage]] | /'bә:dkeidʒ/ | n. 鸟笼 | n. a cage in which a bird can be kept | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the…wait a sec! This is our exact living room!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#understandable\|understandable]] | /.ʌndә'stændәbl/ | a. 可以理解的 | s capable of being apprehended or understood | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s totally understandable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#missy\|missy]] | /'misi/ | n. 少女, 姑娘, 小姐 | n a young woman | 1 | 14 | 8 | *I knew it!! Y’know, you’re not so quiet yourself, missy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erosion\|erosion]] | /i'rәuʒәn/ | n. 腐蚀, 冲蚀, 侵蚀 | n. (geology) the mechanical process of wearing or grinding something down (as by | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.* |
