---
season: 6
episode: "20"
title: "The One With Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E."
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E20 — The One With Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.

*Written by: Doty Abrams With Scenes Taken From Episodes Transcribed by: Mindy Mattingly Phillips, guineapig, Ruth Curran, Josh Hodge, and Me.*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Phoebe is helping Joey rehearse for an audition. Phoebe is overacting her part.

**Joey:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#reactor\|reactor]]’s gonna blow in three seconds, we’re never gonna make it!

**Phoebe:** You’ve got to get out of here! Save yourself!

**Joey:** No! I won’t leave you!

**Phoebe:** Don’t worry about me, I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#robot\|robot]]! I’m just a machine!!

**Joey:** No you’re not! Not to me!

**Phoebe:** *(she stops reading from the script)* Oh my God.

**Joey:** What?

**Phoebe:** I am [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]]!

**Joey:** Yeah, you’re great! Okay, let’s take it from…

**Phoebe:** *(interrupting)* No, I mean I was really acting my ass off.

**Joey:** Yeah, I thought I was pretty good too.

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah, you’re solid. Yeah, you’re just no me.

**Joey:** Y’know what? I think that’s enough for now. Yeah. I don’t want to be over [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearse\|rehearsed]].

**Phoebe:** *(tremendously overacting)* Fine! I’ll do it without you! *(Joey gives her thumbs up)* I don’t need you or anybody else! I’m gonna make it on my own!

*(Joey closes the door to his bedroom.) You’ll see!! You’ll all see!!*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Joey is memorizing his lines. Chandler, Rachel, and Phoebe are there as well.

**Chandler:** *(To Joey)* So uh, what’s this thing you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|auditioning]] for?

**Joey:** Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#detective\|detective]] and I [[Friends-词汇总表#solve\|solve]] crimes with the help of my [[Friends-词汇总表#robot\|robot]] partner. He’s a, he’s a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."

**Rachel:** So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.

**Joey:** That’s the title! Yeah! Y’know they really [[Friends-词汇总表#lucked\|lucked]] out that the initials [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]].

**Chandler:** That is lucky.

**Rachel:** Huh—Wait so Joey if you get this, you’re gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you’ll be like the Big Cheese! *(To Phoebe)* Or the Big Mac—Hey! You love those!

**Joey:** Well, don’t get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.

**Chandler:** Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?

**Joey:** I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don’t know if I’m good enough.

**Phoebe:** I am.

**Rachel:** Joey, what are you talking about? You’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] actor.

**Joey:** You really think so?

**Rachel:** Ugh, how can you even ask that question?!


> [!scene] And with that we go into the save the budget portion of the show, which features flashbacks from previous episodes. The first set of auditions feature high lights or low lights of Joey’s acting career. The first flashback is from The One With The Lesbian Wedding.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there to watch Joey's first scene as Dr. Drake Remoray.

**Chandler:** Whoa, she's pretty. *(Mentioning the girl on TV)*

**Joey:** Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-[[Friends-词汇总表#fart\|fart]] acting.

**Rachel:** I'm sorry, what?

**Monica:** What?

**Ross:** Excuse me?

**Joey:** It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]] where you look all [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]], you know, like this. *(Does this intense look where it looks like he's smelling a fart.)*

**Chandler:** Oh, ok.

**Joey:** *(there's a gunshot on TV)* There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's [[Friends-词汇总表#neurosurgeon\|neurosurgeon]].  I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is [[Friends-词汇总表#suffer\|suffering]] from a..." *(Does the smell-the-fart look.)*


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One With The Butt. The gang is watching Joey in Freud!

**Joey:** *(on stage in an Austrian accent)* Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. *(He goes into a song and dance number.)* All you want is a [[Friends-词汇总表#dingle\|dingle]], What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can [[Friends-词汇总表#tinkle\|tinkle]], Or play with, or simply let hang...


> [!scene] The next flashback is also from The One With The Butt and it's also on the soundtrack.  He's Joey telling everyone about his big break in Monica and Rachel's apartment.

**Joey:** I play Al Pacino's [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]]. All right? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.

**Monica:** *(trying not to laugh)* Oh my God.

**Joey:** C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!

**Chandler:** Oh no, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]], it's- it's- y'know, you [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] this, after all your years of [[Friends-词汇总表#struggle\|struggling]], you've finally been able to [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|crack]] your way into show business.

**Joey:** Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!

**Ross:** You're right, you're right, it is.

**Monica:** Yes.

**Ross:** So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?


> [!scene] Cut back to Joey about to leave for his audition for Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.

**Joey:** All right well, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here. Wish me luck.

**Phoebe:** *(overacting with a song this time)* *(singing)* Gooood luck! Gooood luck! We all wish you good luuuuuuuuck!!!

**Joey:** Yeah, whatever. *(Exits.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Ross are playing chess and are both studying the board intently.

**Ross:** It’s your turn.

**Chandler:** Oh, are we playing this?!

**Joey:** *(entering, dejectedly)* Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey! How’d the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] go?

**Joey:** Terrible! I messed up every line! I shouldn’t even be an actor!

**Ross:** Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] it didn’t go well but it really did go well?

**Joey:** Yeah, did I [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] ya?

**Ross:** Totally!

**Chandler:** So it did go well.

**Joey:** Oh, it went [[Friends-词汇总表#amazingly\|amazingly]] well!

**Ross:** Great!

**Chandler:** Oh that’s great!

**Joey:** Yeah-yeah, it’s down to me and two other guys.

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Ross:** Wow!

**Joey:** And I know both of them, they’re really good. One of them is the guy from those [[Friends-词汇总表#allergy\|allergy]] commercials who’s always getting [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chased]] by those big flowers…

**Ross:** Oh, I love that guy! *(Laughs.)*

**Chandler:** Oh-oh, what are you doing?

**Ross:** *(stops laughing)* What am I doing?

**Joey:** I’m just so [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]! Y’know? The [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] isn’t until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|explode]]!

**Chandler:** Well, it is [[Friends-词汇总表#overdue\|overdue]].

**Ross:** Look, don’t worry. Okay? You’re gonna be fine.

**Joey:** There’s just so much pressure. I mean no [[Friends-词汇总表#offense\|offense]], but what you guys do is very different. I don’t know if you’d understand.

**Ross:** Yeah, none of us have to deal with pressure at our jobs.


> [!scene] Thus starts another series of flashbacks all dealing with the pressure the rest of the Friends have to deal with in their jobs. The first flashback is from The One With The Stoned Guy.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's office. He's on the phone, agitated.

**Chandler:** *(on phone)* Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One With The Prom Video. Monica is at a job interview at a new restaurant.

**Monica:** Alright, well I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tearing]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#lettuce\|lettuce]].

**Interviewer:** Uh-huh. Is it [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]]?

**Monica:** Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] it.

**Interviewer:** Don't, I like it [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]].

**Monica:** That's your call.

**Interviewer:** So, uh, what are you going to do next?

**Monica:** Well, I thought that I would cut up the [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomatos]].

**Interviewer:** Are they, uh, firm?

**Monica:** They'r alright.

**Interviewer:** You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?

**Monica:** No really, they're OK.

**Interviewer:** You gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#slice\|slice]] them up real nice?

**Monica:** Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.

**Interviewer:** Aaaahhhhhhh.

**Monica:** I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#outa\|outa]] here. [Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]]]


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One With Rachel's Crush.


> [!scene] Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel’s new job.

**Rachel:** *(on the phone)* Monica, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quitting]]! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]] and she didn’t even buy it! *(Pause)* I’m telling you I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quitting]]! That’s it! I’m talking to my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] right now! *(Pause)* Yes I am! *(Pause)* Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. *(Hangs up.)*


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One With The Dozen Lasagnas, Phoebe is telling everyone but Rachel about the pass Paulo made on her.

**Monica:** Well, what happened?

**Phoebe:** Well, he came in for a [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] and everything was fine until...

*(The flashback shows Paulo lying face down on the massage table and slowly moving his hands up Phoebe's legs and grabbing her butt.)*

**All:** Ohhhhhh!

**Ross:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** And all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] his hands weren't the problem anymore. *(The flashback shows Paulo rolling over and showing Phoebe his equipment.)*

**Monica:** Was it...

**Phoebe:** Oh, Boy Scouts could've camped under it!


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One With Ross's Sandwich, Ross his confronting his boss about him eating Ross's sandwich.

**Ross:** You ate my [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]? Dr. Leedbetter: It was a simple [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]. It could happen to anyone.

**Ross:** *(getting upset)* Oh-oh really? Dr. Leedbetter: Now-now [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]].

**Ross:** *(jumping to his feet in anger)* What? Dr. Leedbetter: Well, it was quite large. I-I-I-I-I had to throw most of it away.

**Ross:** You-you-you-you *(trying to remain in control)* threw my [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] away!


> [!scene] Cut to an outside shot of the museum.

**Ross:** *(losing control, we hear him shout outside)* MY SANDWICH?!!!


> [!scene] Cut to a shot of a park.

**Ross:** MY SANDWICH!!!!!! *(Ross's scream scares a flight of pigeons away.)*


> [!scene] Cut back to Central Perk.

**Joey:** I want this part so much! Y’know? If I don’t get this part I’m never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!—No, I didn’t say that! That’s a lie.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Chandler is there talking to the chick and duck.

**Chandler:** Oh come on guys, it’s not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren’t for

*(struggles to get this out) Monica’s allergies. (The duck quacks.) You’re right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. (The phone rings.) Should I get that? (Laughs, then answers the phone.) Hello? (Listens) Uh no, Joey’s not here right now. Can I take a message? (Listens) Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30?*

*(Listens) Okay great. (Listens.) Bye. (Hangs up the phone and goes to write the message on the Magna-Doodle on the door but Monica walks in and forces him to jump out of the way.)*

**Monica:** *(startled)* Ahh! Aren’t you dressed yet?

**Chandler:** *(looks down at his clothes)* Am I naked again?!

**Monica:** We’re supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.

**Chandler:** Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?

**Monica:** Wh?! What about my [[Friends-词汇总表#allergy\|allergies]]?!

**Chandler:** Oh right, your [[Friends-词汇总表#allergy\|allergies]]. *(Monica leaves and to the chick and duck)* All her, she hates you. *(Chandler leaves without finishing the message for Joey.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Joey and Chandler are playing foosball and Joey scores a goal.

**Joey:** Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?

**Chandler:** As crazy as [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]]?

*(The phone rings and Joey answers it.)*

**Joey:** *(on phone)* Hello? *(Listens)* What are you talking about? The [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]’s not ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] 5:00! *(Chandler suddenly remembers and looks at the unfinished message then tries to sneak over and finish it as Joey listens.)* Well, nobody told me! *(Listens)* Who’d you talk to? *(Listens and turns around to see Chandler trying to finish the message.)* Nevermind! *(Hangs up.)*

**Chandler:** You mean you didn’t get it from this?

**Joey:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#allergy\|allergy]] guy got the part! Thanks!

**Chandler:** Well, maybe we can fix it y’know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] him!

**Joey:** How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could’ve turned my whole career around!

**Chandler:** I messed up. Okay? I’m sorry, I really messed up.

**Joey:** Hey, you don’t even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!

**Chandler:** Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a [[Friends-词汇总表#copier\|copier]]. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody’s allowed one [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]], right?


> [!scene] Joey just laughs as a third set of flashbacks featuring Chandler’s mistakes starts. The first flashback is from The One With The Prom Video.  It's Chandler telling Phoebe how much he hates the bracelet Joey bought him.  They're both at Central Perk.

**Chandler:** You know he [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman [[Friends-词汇总表#repeller\|repeller]]!  The [[Friends-词汇总表#eyesore\|eyesore]] from the Liberace house of [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]!

**Phoebe:** It's not that bad.

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|reject]] from the Mr. T collection. [Joey walks in behind Chandler]

**Phoebe:** Chandler, Chandler.

**Chandler:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#pity\|pity]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi!


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One Where Chandler Crosses The Line.  He's telling Joey that he kissed Cathy.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and…

**Joey:** And what?! Did you sleep with her?!

**Chandler:** No! No! No! I just kissed her.

**Joey:** What?!! That’s even worse!!

**Chandler:** How is that worse?!

**Joey:** I don’t know! But it’s the same!

**Chandler:** You’re right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.

**Joey:** Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line, that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a [[Friends-词汇总表#dot\|dot]] to you!


> [!scene] Cut back to Joey and Rachel’s apartment.

**Chandler:** Look, I’m not saying that you should [[Friends-词汇总表#magically\|magically]] [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] me! But you’re not perfect! You’ve made some errors in [[Friends-词汇总表#judgment\|judgment]] too!

**Joey:** Name one!


> [!scene] Chandler proceeds to point out Joey’s errors in this forth set of flashbacks. The first flashback is from The One With The Cat. Chandler has just returned home to see that their apartment has been cleaned out and finds Joey trapped in the entertainment center.

**Chandler:** *(lets him out)* What happened?!!

**Joey:** *(getting out)* Awww, man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!

**Chandler:** What the hell happened?!! How were you [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|locked]] in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!

**Joey:** Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown man!

**Chandler:** So--You got in [[Friends-词汇总表#voluntarily\|voluntarily]]?!

**Joey:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#tryin\|tryin]]’ to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I’m gonna do?

**Chandler:** BEND OVER?!!!


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One With The Candy Hearts.  Joey and Chandler are waiting at a restaurant as Lorraine and her friend arrive.

**Chandler:** Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.

**Lorraine:** Hi, Joey. *(Sees Chandler.)* Well well, look what you brought.

**Chandler:** ...And what did you bring?

**Lorraine:** She's checking the [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coats]]. Joey, I'm gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.

**Chandler:** Janice?

*(Lorraine leaves. Joey shakes his head as though to say, 'It can't be the same Janice.' Janice enters.)*

**Chandler:** Janice?!

**Janice:** Oh.... my.... God.


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One With Ross's New Girlfriend.  Chandler is telling Ross and Joey that Joey's tailor took advantage of him.

**Chandler:** Joey's [[Friends-词汇总表#tailor\|tailor]]...took advantage of me.

**Ross:** What?

**Joey:** No way!  I've been going to the guy for 12 years.

**Chandler:** Oh come on!  He said he was going to do my [[Friends-词汇总表#inseam\|inseam]], and he ran his hand up my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]], and then, there was [[Friends-词汇总表#definite\|definite]]...

**Ross:** What?

**Chandler:** Cupping.

**Joey:** That's how they do pants!  Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?

**Ross:** Yes, yes it is. In [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]]!


> [!scene] Cut back to the present.

**Joey:** I said name one!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica and Rachel are consoling Chandler.

**Chandler:** I can’t believe I did this! What an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]!

**Monica:** Oh, stop [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beating]] yourself up! People make [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistakes]]! These things happen! There [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t any message you’ve forgotten to give me are there? *(Chandler has a disgusted look on his face.)* Apparently you’re not very good at it! I…

**Chandler:** Do you think he’ll ever [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] me?

**Rachel:** Of course he will! But Chandler the most important thing is you [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] yourself!

**Chandler:** Y’know what? I-I kinda have.

**Rachel:** Already? That’s pretty bad what you did.

**Monica:** Y’know what? He will [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] you. And I like to bring a [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pad]] with me when I go answer the phone just in case… *(Chandler gets that disgusted look back.)* Okay…

**Chandler:** You didn’t see how mad he was, y’know?

**Rachel:** I’m sure he will [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] you. Look, we have all been there! Y’know, you fight, you make up, it’s just the way it works.


> [!scene] We then go into another set of flashbacks of famous fights. The first is the second breakup of Ross and Rachel from The One With The Jellyfish.

**Ross:** It took two people to break up this relationship!!

**Rachel:** Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!

**Ross:** I didn’t know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn’t finish the whole letter!

**Rachel:** What?!!

**Ross:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]!

**Rachel:** *(mocking him)* You [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]?!

**Ross:** It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had [[Friends-词汇总表#ramble\|rambled]] on for 18 pages. Front and back!! *(they go into the living room, trapping Monica, Chandler, and Joey in the kitchen)*

*(to Rachel) Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means ‘you are,’ Y-O-U-R means ‘your!’*

**Rachel:** Y'know I can’t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!

**Ross:** *(starts to cry)* FINE BY ME!! *(he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)*

**Rachel:** And hey! Just so you know, it’s not that common! It doesn’t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!

**Chandler:** *(coming out from behind the door)* I KNEW IT!!!!


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One After The Superbowl, Part II.  Monica and Rachel are fighting over who gets to see Jean-Claude Van Damme.

**Monica:** You had no right to go out with him.

**Rachel:** That is the most [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]...

**Monica:** You sold me out.

**Rachel:** I did not sell you out.

**Monica:** Yes you did.  You absolutely sold me...

**Rachel:** Would you let me talk. [[[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flicks]] Monica on the [[Friends-词汇总表#forehead\|forehead]]]

**Monica:** Did you just [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flick]] me?

**Rachel:** OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was [[Friends-词汇总表#jus\|jus]]- [Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flicks]] her back] Ow. That hurt [flicks Monica]

*(They keep flicking each other. This turns into slapping each other.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh!  All right.  Now, let's not do this!

*(Rachel tackles Monica onto the couch.)*

**Phoebe:** Happy thoughts!  Happy thoughts!

*(They wrestle on the couch for a little while until Monica gets the upper hand and pulls Rachel off of the couch by her sock.  Monica removes Rachel's sock and starts beating her with it.)This leads to wrestling on the floor. This finally angers Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.

*(Phoebe grabs each of them by an ear.) Monica and Rachel: Ow! Ow! Ow!*

**Phoebe:** I know!  I know!  I know!

**Phoebe:** Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.

**Rachel:** Fine!

**Monica:** Fine!

**Phoebe:** There we go.You know what, if we were in [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]], you guys would be, like, my bitches.


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One Where No One's Ready. Joey is retaliating against Chandler hiding his underwear by wearing a whole bunch of clothes.

**Joey:** Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Joey:** Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going [[Friends-词汇总表#commando\|commando]]...

*(Chandler does this throat sound.)*

**Joey:** Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, [[Friends-词汇总表#lunge\|lunges]]. *(starts doing lunges)*


> [!scene] The next flashback is from The One Where Eddie Moves In. It's the sequence where Joey and Chandler are both saddened that they're not living together anymore. All By Myself is playing in the background.


> [!scene] Joey's place. He goes to say something to Chandler in the other chair but no one's there. He goes to call Chandler but decides not to and throws the phone back down.


> [!scene] Chandler's. He's playing foosball by himself.


> [!scene] Joey's. Playing ping pong by himself.


> [!scene] Chandler is sitting in front of a window while it's raining outside. We see Joey through a rainy window. The camera zooms out to show it's just his tabletop water sculpture.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Chandler is entering with a peace offering of a Joey Special, two pizzas.

**Chandler:** Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizzas]]! Joe? *(The phone rings and he answers it)* *(On phone)* Hello? *(Takes the phone away from his mouth when he realizes what he just did and yells.)* Damnit! *(Back on phone.)* Hello? *(Listens.)* No, Joey’s not here right now, but I can take a message I think. *(Listens)* He’s still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that’s great news! *(Listens)* Well no obviously not for the actor who was [[Friends-词汇总表#maul\|mauled]] by his dog. *(Listens)* Oh well, that’s great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! *(Hangs up and goes to write the message on the Magna-Doodle.)* Yes! *(Reading what he’s writing)* Okay, Mac [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked.

*(Pause) By dog not flowers.*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Joey is entering to find Chandler waiting patiently for him.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Please tell me you got the message!

**Joey:** What message?

**Chandler:** The actor playing Mac couldn’t do it, they needed to see you at 2 o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]].

**Joey:** What?! It’s 6 o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]!

**Chandler:** Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross’s! I went to the [[Friends-词汇总表#coffeehouse\|coffeehouse]]! I went to any place that they made [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwiches]]!

**Joey:** I can’t believe this Chandler!

**Chandler:** Sorry! I-I-I don’t know what to say.

**Joey:** Well you-you-you-you might say [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulations]]! I saw the board! I went to the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]! I got the part!!

**Chandler:** *(angrily)* Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here!

**Joey:** Oh, well I’m uh…

**Chandler:** Y’know, sometimes that [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] out thing is just mean!

**Joey:** Oh wow! Okay man, I’m sorry. I did not mean to make you feel bad.

**Chandler:** Well that’s good. Because you didn’t! And I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] happy for ya!!

**Joey:** *(shocked)* That’s mean! You really had me going there!

**Chandler:** Oh, we could do this all day.

**Joey:** Yeah, you’re right. Okay look, listen, let’s talk about what a huge star I’m gonna be!

**Chandler:** You are gonna be a huge star! I’m gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] ya!

**Joey:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] me!

**Chandler:** All right!


> [!scene] What follows is the final set of flashbacks that feature a whole lot of lovin’ between Chandler and Joey. There’s no words, just hugs and even the kiss from The One With The Monkey. All of this is set to the song, You’ve Really Got a Hold on Me!


> [!scene] Cut back to the present, they are still in each other’s embrace.

**Joey:** Hey, do we do this too much?

**Chandler:** I think so. Yeah, get off me.

**Joey:** Yeah.

*(They separate.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Joey and Phoebe are reading a scene from Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.

**Joey:** Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I’m not leaving without you! Try [[Friends-词汇总表#rout\|routing]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]] source through your primary CPU.

**Phoebe:** *(overacting badly)* I can’t! My [[Friends-词汇总表#circuit\|circuits]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fried]]! They’re fried I tell you!!

**Joey:** Wow! *(Back to reading the scene.)* Well then I’ll just have to carry you.

*(Suddenly Ross jumps up from behind the counter armed with a plastic gun. By the way, he’s overacting too.)*

**Ross:** That’ll be a [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]], when you’re, *(looks at the script)* when you’re dead!

**Joey:** Ross, you don’t have to [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]].

**Ross:** There was just an [[Friends-词汇总表#explosion\|explosion]], okay? My hearing would be [[Friends-词汇总表#impair\|impaired]].

**Phoebe:** I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where’d Ross go?"

**Ross:** Thank you! And I have to say that first scene when you meet Mac…

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Ross:** Oh my God. I mean…

**Joey:** Y’know what? I think that’s enough for today. Thanks for your help! *(He grabs their scripts and heads for his room.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Ross)* He’s holding us back.

**Ross:** Totally.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（46）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 5 | 88 | 57 | *Joey, what are you talking about? You’re a terrific actor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 4 | 385 | 206 | *Well, don’t get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 3 | 169 | 121 | *Don’t worry about me, I’m a robot! I’m just a machine!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 3 | 76 | 55 | *There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 3 | 116 | 69 | *All right well, I’m outta here. Wish me luck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 3 | 66 | 50 | *Terrible! I messed up every line! I shouldn’t even be an actor!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 3 | 279 | 145 | *Totally!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 2 | 181 | 87 | *There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *And all of the sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *We’re supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 2 | 132 | 68 | *That's how they do pants!  Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *I didn’t know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn’t finish the whole letter!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 2 | 81 | 53 | *Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *The reactor’s gonna blow in three seconds, we’re never gonna make it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *That is lucky.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite cle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *I play Al Pacino's butt. All right? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Yeah, whatever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Terrible! I messed up every line! I shouldn’t even be an actor!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Monica, I’m quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn’t even buy it! * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *You ate my sandwich? Dr. Leedbetter: It was a simple mistake. It could happen to anyone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *What? Dr. Leedbetter: Well, it was quite large. I-I-I-I-I had to throw most of it away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *I want this part so much! Y’know? If I don’t get this part I’m never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Ahh! Aren’t you dressed yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Oh right, your allergies.  All her, she hates you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *And what?! Did you sleep with her?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *No! No! No! I just kissed her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Awww, man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn’t think big enough to fit a grown* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren’t any message yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren’t any message yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *You didn’t see how mad he was, y’know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *I’m sure he will forgive you. Look, we have all been there! Y’know, you fight, you make up, it’s jus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Yes you did.  You absolutely sold me...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- [Monica flicks her back] Ow. That hurt [flicks M* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe?   Hello?  Damnit!  Hello?  No, Joey’s not here right * |

### 常用词（65）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] | /fә'giv/ | vt. 原谅, 宽恕, 免除 | v. stop blaming or grant forgiveness | 5 | 33 | 22 | *Look, I’m not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you’re not perfect! You’ve made some * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 4 | 87 | 38 | *Hey! How’d the audition go?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 4 | 65 | 28 | *You ate my sandwich? Dr. Leedbetter: It was a simple mistake. It could happen to anyone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 3 | 46 | 27 | *That’s the title! Yeah! Y’know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 3 | 31 | 22 | *Yeah, did I fool ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] | /tә'rifik/ | a. 非常好的, 极端的, 可怕的 | s. very great or intense | 2 | 20 | 18 | *Joey, what are you talking about? You’re a terrific actor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 2 | 63 | 47 | *Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 2 | 69 | 43 | *I play Al Pacino's butt. All right? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 2 | 38 | 28 | *Uh-huh. Is it dirty?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 2 | 22 | 20 | *Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 2 | 80 | 46 | *Monica, I’m quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn’t even buy it! * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 2 | 60 | 45 | *You ate my sandwich? Dr. Leedbetter: It was a simple mistake. It could happen to anyone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *Ahh! Aren’t you dressed yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]] | /'prizn/ | n. 监狱, 监禁, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for p | 2 | 15 | 13 | *Yes, yes it is. In prison!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 2 | 50 | 38 | *I fell asleep!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 2 | 65 | 36 | *I fell asleep!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 2 | 38 | 27 | *The actor playing Mac couldn’t do it, they needed to see you at 2 o’clock.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 2 | 73 | 45 | *You are gonna be a huge star! I’m gonna hug ya!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fry]] | /frai/ | n. 油炸食物, 鱼苗 | n. English painter and art critic (1866-1934) | 2 | 21 | 10 | *I can’t! My circuits are fried! They’re fried I tell you!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] | /'tælәntid/ | a. 天资高的, 有才能的 | a. endowed with talent or talents | 1 | 14 | 10 | *I am extremely talented!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#solve\|solve]] | /sɒlv/ | vt. 解决, 付给, 溶解 | v. find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *That’s the title! Yeah! Y’know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]] | /pɒ:z/ | n. 暂停, 中止, 停顿, 间歇, 踌躇, 休止符 | n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something | 1 | 14 | 10 | *It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] | /in'tens/ | a. 非常的, 强烈的, 紧张的, 热情的 | a. possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree | 1 | 14 | 14 | *It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 1 | 58 | 20 | *There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|crack]] | /kræk/ | n. 裂缝, 爆裂声 | n. a long narrow opening | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *All right well, I’m outta here. Wish me luck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you pretend it didn’t go well but it really did go wel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *And I know both of them, they’re really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *I’m just so nervous! Y’know? The callback isn’t until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tomato\|tomato]] | /tә'mɑ:tәu/ | n. 番茄, 西红柿 | n. mildly acid red or yellow pulpy fruit eaten as a vegetable | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Monica, I’m quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn’t even buy it! * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *Well, he came in for a massage and everything was fine until...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *And all of the sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Oh-oh really? Dr. Leedbetter: Now-now calm down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 1 | 24 | 19 | *Oh-oh really? Dr. Leedbetter: Now-now calm down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Hello?  What are you talking about? The audition’s not ‘til 5:00!  Well, nobody told me!  Who’d you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] | /skєә/ | n. 惊吓, 恐慌 | n. a sudden attack of fear | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Well, maybe we can fix it y’know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|reject]] | /ri'dʒekt/ | n. 被拒之人, 被弃之物, 不合格品, 次品 | v. refuse to accept or acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T col* |
| awww |  | n. 啊啊… |  | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Awww, man! He promised he wouldn’t take the chairs!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tryin\|tryin]] |  | vi. 设法；试着 |  | 1 | 13 | 11 | *I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I’m gonna* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bend]] | /bend/ | vi. 变弯曲, 屈服 | n. a circular segment of a curve | 1 | 10 | 10 | *BEND OVER?!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 1 | 53 | 31 | *She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a whit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a whit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *Oh come on!  He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *I can’t believe I did this! What an idiot!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren’t any message yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *That is the most ridiculous...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe?   Hello?  Damnit!  Hello?  No, Joey’s not here right * |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe?   Hello?  Damnit!  Hello?  No, Joey’s not here right * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coffeehouse\|coffeehouse]] |  | n. 咖啡馆 | n a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York Ci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Y’know, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] | /in'kredәbli/ | adv. 不能相信地 | r. not easy to believe | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Well that’s good. Because you didn’t! And I’m incredibly happy for ya!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] | /ni:t/ | a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的 | s. clean or organized | 1 | 15 | 13 | *That’ll be a neat trick, when you’re,  when you’re dead!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *That’ll be a neat trick, when you’re,  when you’re dead!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Ross, you don’t have to yell.* |

### 低频词（68）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#allergy\|allergy]] | /'ælәdʒi/ | n. 变应性, 反感, 厌恶 | n. hypersensitivity reaction to a particular allergen; symptoms can vary greatly | 3 | 3 | 1 | *And I know both of them, they’re really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flick\|flick]] | /flik/ | n. 快速的轻打, 轻打声, 弹开 | n. a light sharp contact (usually with something flexible) | 3 | 9 | 4 | *Would you let me talk. [flicks Monica on the forehead]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#robot\|robot]] | /'rәubәt/ | n. 机械人, 自动机械, 机械般工作的人 | n a mechanism that can move automatically | 2 | 22 | 8 | *Don’t worry about me, I’m a robot! I’m just a machine!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pacino\|pacino]] |  | n. (Pacino)人名；(西)帕西诺；(意)帕奇诺 |  | 2 | 8 | 3 | *I play Al Pacino's butt. All right? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.* |
| gooood |  | [网络] 给你加油；早安-晚安-心语；客厅 |  | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Gooood luck! Gooood luck! We all wish you good luuuuuuuuck!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] | /'kjdә/ | <口> = could have |  | 2 | 11 | 9 | *You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pity\|pity]] | /'piti/ | n. 遗憾, 同情, 怜悯, 憾事, 可惜 | n. an unfortunate development | 2 | 9 | 5 | *I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reactor\|reactor]] | /ri'æktә/ | n. 反应者, 反应器, 反应堆, 电抗器 | n. an electrical device used to introduce reactance into a circuit | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The reactor’s gonna blow in three seconds, we’re never gonna make it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] | /ik'stri:mli/ | adv. 极端地, 非常地 | r. to an extreme degree | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I am extremely talented!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearse\|rehearse]] | /ri'hә:s/ | vt. 预演, 排演, 使熟练掌握, 练习, 复述 | v. engage in a rehearsal (of) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Y’know what? I think that’s enough for now. Yeah. I don’t want to be over rehearsed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#detective\|detective]] | /di'tektiv/ | n. 侦探 | n. a police officer who investigates crimes | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#computerize\|computerize]] | /kәm'pju:tәraiz/ | vt. 用电脑处理, 使电脑化 | v. provide with computers | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humanoid\|humanoid]] | /'hju:mәnɒid/ | a. 类人的 | n an automaton that resembles a human being | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#electronically\|electronically]] |  | adv. 电子地 | r. by electronic means | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enhance\|enhance]] | /in'hæns/ | vt. 提高, 加强, 增加 | v. increase | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enforcer\|enforcer]] |  | n. 实施者, 强制者 | n one whose job it is to execute unpleasant tasks for a superior | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, it’s a new TV show. Yeah. I’m up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I’m a detective an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucked\|lucked]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气；侥幸；〈古〉带来幸运的东西 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s the title! Yeah! Y’know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joseph\|joseph]] | /'dʒәuzif/ | n. 约瑟夫（男子名）；约瑟（圣经中雅各的第十一子） | n. leader of the Nez Perce in their retreat from United States troops (1840-1904 | 1 | 27 | 9 | *Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wallace\|wallace]] | /'wɔlis/ | n. 华莱士（男子名） | n. Scottish insurgent who led the resistance to Edward I; in 1297 he gained cont | 1 | 2 | 2 | *There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neurosurgeon\|neurosurgeon]] | /,njjәrәj's\\:dʒәn/ | n. 神经外科医师 | n. someone who does surgery on the nervous system (especially the brain) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suffer\|suffer]] | /'sʌfә/ | vt. 遭受, 经历, 忍受 | v. undergo or be subjected to | 1 | 5 | 5 | *There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vell\|vell]] | /vel/ | 铲掉...的草皮(如做燃料用) | n. The salted stomach of a calf, used in making cheese; a rennet | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite cle* |
| eva | /'i:vә/ | n. 伊娃（女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite cle* |
| vork |  | [网络] 沃克 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite cle* |
| vould |  | [网络] 。 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite cle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dingle\|dingle]] | /'diŋgl/ | n. 小峡谷, 幽谷 | n a small wooded hollow | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite cle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#envy\|envy]] | /'envi/ | n. 羡慕, 嫉妒 | n. a feeling of grudging admiration and desire to have something that is possess | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite cle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tinkle\|tinkle]] | /'tiŋkl/ | n. 叮当声 | v. make or emit a high sound | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite cle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#struggle\|struggle]] | /'strʌgl/ | n. 斗争, 努力, 奋斗 | n. an energetic attempt to achieve something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amazingly\|amazingly]] |  | adv. 令人惊讶地；惊奇地 | r. in an amazing manner; to everyone's surprise | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, it went amazingly well!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] | /'kɒ:lbæk/ | n. 收回 | n a request by the manufacturer of a defective product to return the product (as | 1 | 7 | 5 | *I’m just so nervous! Y’know? The callback isn’t until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|explode]] | /ik'splәud/ | vi. 爆炸, 爆发, 激增 | v. cause to burst with a violent release of energy | 1 | 9 | 9 | *I’m just so nervous! Y’know? The callback isn’t until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overdue\|overdue]] | /'әuvә'dju:/ | a. 过期的, 未兑的, 迟到的, 早就成熟的 | s past due; not paid at the scheduled time | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, it is overdue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offense\|offense]] | /ә'fens/ | n. 犯罪, 伤感情, 攻击 | n. the team that has the ball (or puck) and is trying to score | 1 | 7 | 7 | *There’s just so much pressure. I mean no offense, but what you guys do is very different. I don’t kn* |
| fran | /fræn/ | n. 弗兰（Frances的昵称, 女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lettuce\|lettuce]] | /'letis/ | n. 莴苣, 生菜, 纸币 | n. any of various plants of the genus Lactuca | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slice\|slice]] | /slais/ | n. 薄的切片, 一部分, 菜刀 | n. a share of something | 1 | 9 | 8 | *You gonna slice them up real nice?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outa\|outa]] | /'u:tə/ | [医]龈 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm outa here. [Monica leaves]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]] | /θɒ:ŋ/ | vt. 装皮带, 用皮鞭打 | n. underpants resembling a G-string; worn by women especially under very tight p | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Monica, I’m quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn’t even buy it! * |
| ohhhhhh |  | [网络] 哦；永永远远 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ohhhhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scout\|scout]] | /skaut/ | n. 守候, 侦察, 搜索, 侦察员, 侦察机 | n. a Boy Scout or Girl Scout | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh, Boy Scouts could've camped under it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macaroni\|macaroni]] | /.mækә'rәuni/ | n. 通心面, 纨绔子弟 | n. a British dandy in the 18th century who affected Continental mannerisms | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I want this part so much! Y’know? If I don’t get this part I’m never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] | /'sɒkә/ | n. 英式足球 | n. a football game in which two teams of 11 players try to kick or head a ball i | 1 | 10 | 9 | *As crazy as soccer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nevermind\|nevermind]] | /'nevә'maind/ | 注意, 留意, 理会 |  | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Hello?  What are you talking about? The audition’s not ‘til 5:00!  Well, nobody told me!  Who’d you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#copier\|copier]] | /'kɔpiә/ | n. 誊写者, 模仿者, 抄写员 | n apparatus that makes copies of typed, written or drawn material | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anyt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vcr\|vcr]] |  | [化] 长春新碱 | n a magnetic tape recorder for recording (and playing back) TV programs | 1 | 8 | 7 | *You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repeller\|repeller]] |  | [医] 退回器(兽医产科器械) | n. One who, or that which, repels. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyesore\|eyesore]] | /'aisɒ:/ | n. 眼中钉 | n. something very ugly and offensive | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liberace\|liberace]] | /'li:bəreis/ | n. 列勃拉斯（美国钢琴演奏家） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get m* |
| kathy | /'kæθi/ | n. 凯西（女子名, 等于Katherine） |  | 1 | 53 | 9 | *Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dot\|dot]] | /dɒt/ | n. 点, 圆点, 小数点, 小东西, 嫁妆 | n. the shorter of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line, that you-you can’t even see the line! The li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magically\|magically]] |  | adv. 用魔法地；如魔法般地 | r. in a magical manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Look, I’m not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you’re not perfect! You’ve made some * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judgment\|judgment]] | /'dʒʌdʒmәnt/ | n. 裁判, 宣告, 判决书 | n. an opinion formed by judging something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Look, I’m not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you’re not perfect! You’ve made some * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#voluntarily\|voluntarily]] | /.vɒlәn'terili/ | adv. 自愿地, 以自由意志 | r. out of your own free will | 1 | 3 | 3 | *So--You got in voluntarily?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zinfandel\|zinfandel]] | /'zinfәndel/ | 馨芳葡萄酒 | n. small black grape grown chiefly in California; transplanted from Europe | 1 | 2 | 2 | *She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a whit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tailor\|tailor]] | /'teilә/ | n. 裁缝, 成衣匠 | n. a person whose occupation is making and altering garments | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inseam\|inseam]] | /'insi:m/ | n. 内接缝 | v. t. To impress or mark with a seam or cicatrix. | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Oh come on!  He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definite\|definite]] | /'definit/ | a. 明确的, 一定的 | a. precise; explicit and clearly defined | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh come on!  He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pad]] | /pæd/ | n. 填补, 衬垫, 印色盒, 路 | n. a number of sheets of paper fastened together along one edge | 1 | 12 | 7 | *Y’know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ramble\|ramble]] | /'ræmbl/ | n. 漫步, 随笔 | n. an aimless amble on a winding course | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forehead\|forehead]] | /'fɒ:rid/ | n. 额, 前额, 前部 | n the part of the face above the eyes | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Would you let me talk. [flicks Monica on the forehead]* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commando\|commando]] | /kә'mɑ:ndәu/ | n. 突击队, 突击队员, (南非)布尔人部队 | n. a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunge\|lunge]] | /lʌndʒ/ | n. 刺, 刺进, 跃进, 套马索 | n. (fencing) an attacking thrust made with one foot forward and the back leg str | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maul\|maul]] | /mɒ:l/ | n. 大槌 | n. a heavy long-handled hammer used to drive stakes or wedges | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe?   Hello?  Damnit!  Hello?  No, Joey’s not here right * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rout\|rout]] | /raut/ | n. 溃败, 大败, 乌合之众, 盛大晚会 | n. an overwhelming defeat | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I’m not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your prima* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backup\|backup]] | /'bækʌp/ | n. 倒车, 后退, 后援, 支持, 阻塞 | n. an accumulation caused by clogging or a stoppage | 1 | 18 | 7 | *Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I’m not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your prima* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cpu\|cpu]] |  | 中央处理器 | n (computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does mo | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I’m not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your prima* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circuit\|circuit]] | /'sә:kit/ | n. 电路, 环(行)道, 巡回 | n. an electrical device that provides a path for electrical current to flow | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I can’t! My circuits are fried! They’re fried I tell you!!* |
