---
season: 6
episode: "13"
title: "The One With Rachel&#146;s Sister"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E13 — The One With Rachel&#146;s Sister

*Teleplay by: Sherry Bilsing & Ellen Plummer*

*Story by: Seth Kurland*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is giving Rachel, Chandler, Phoebe, and Ross their bills.

**Joey:** Okay Rach, that [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#espresso\|espresso]], $4.50. Ross, double [[Friends-词汇总表#latte\|latte]], $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a [[Friends-词汇总表#scone\|scone]], $4.25. And Pheebs, [[Friends-词汇总表#herbal\|herbal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]], $1.25. So, all together that’s *(pauses to figure the total)* $12.75.

**Chandler:** This coming from the man who couldn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] our 80 dollar phone bill in half.

*(A good-looking woman approaches.)*

**Woman:** Hi!

**Joey:** Hi!

**Woman:** How much do I [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you for the [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] and the [[Friends-词汇总表#latte\|latte]]?

**Joey:** Oh that’s on the house [[Friends-词汇总表#courtesy\|courtesy]] of Joey Tribbiani.

**Woman:** Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on a date [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]]?

**Joey:** Well, he’s not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him—He says it’s okay. *(She hands him her card.)* Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!

**Ross:** Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn’t free?

**Joey:** It will be when you look like that in a [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]]! This is great! I’m getting more dates than ever!

**Rachel:** Wait a minute, you’re only giving free stuff away to the pretty girls?

**Phoebe:** Yeah Joey that is so [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]]!

**Joey:** How about a [[Friends-词汇总表#scone\|scone]] on the house baby?

**Phoebe:** *(giggles)* I’m pretty.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, everyone but Monica is there playing Monopoly.

**Ross:** Hey does anyone have any [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]]?

**Phoebe:** Oh I do! *(She grabs her huge purse and starts rummaging through it and taking out various items in a futile search for the gum.)* Oh, y’know what? No.

*(Pause) Wait a second. (She removes a bag filled with water that has a goldfish swimming in it.) I know it’s in here somewhere.*

**Ross:** Y’know what? I’m good! I’m good!

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be at work?

**Monica:** *(congested)* Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can’t work if I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].

**All:** Ohh!

**Chandler:** I’m so sorry you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].

**Monica:** I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]!! I don’t get sick! Getting sick is for [[Friends-词汇总表#weakling\|weaklings]] and for [[Friends-词汇总表#pansy\|pansies]]!

**Rachel:** Honey, no one thinks you’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#pansy\|pansy]], but we do think you need a [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]]. *(She notices something hanging from Monica’s nose, as does Joey.)*

**Monica:** *(wiping her nose)* I have not been [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] in over three years! *(Sneezes.)*

**Chandler:** I’m gonna grab you some [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]].

**Monica:** I don’t need a [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]]! I’m fine-d!

**Ross:** When you put a ‘D’ at the end of ‘Fine’ you’re not fine.

**Monica:** I’m fine-d. I’m fine-d! Y’know, it’s a really hard word to say.

*(There’s a knock on the door. The gang is stunned and Phoebe counts to make sure that everyone is there. Out of curiosity Chandler goes and answers the door.)*

**Chandler:** Yes?

*(A woman enters.)*

**Woman:** Hi, is Rachel here? I’m her sister.

**Rachel:** Oh my God, Jill!

**Jill:** Oh my God, Rachel!

*(They run and hug each other.)*

**Chandler:** Oh my God, [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] us!

**Rachel:** This is Chandler. *(Points at him.)*

**Jill:** Hi!

**Rachel:** And you know Monica and Ross!

**Ross:** Hi Jill.

**Rachel:** And that’s Phoebe *(points)*, and that’s Joey.

**Joey:** Hey, *(in the Joey voice)* how you doin’?

**Rachel:** Don’t!! *(Joey backs away frightened.)* *(To Jill)* Honey, what are you doing here?!

**Phoebe:** *(To Ross)* Which-which sister is this? Is this the [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoiled]] one or that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#bitter\|bitter]]?

**Jill:** *(To Rachel)* Daddy cut me off.

**Phoebe:** Never mind, I got it.

**Jill:** And y’know what I said to him? "I’m gonna hire a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] and I’m gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]] you and take all your money. Then I’m gonna cut you off!"

**Rachel:** Wow! What did he say?

**Jill:** That he wouldn’t pay for my [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]]! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] he’s actually [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] off.

**Rachel:** Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad’s [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of me! My dad’s proud of me.

**Monica:** Rach? *(Points to Jill.)*

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, sorry. Wait honey, so what did you do that made dad cut you off?

**Jill:** Okay, I bought a boat.

**Monica:** You bought a boat?

**Jill:** Yeah but it wasn’t for me, it was for a friend.

**Chandler:** Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister! *(Rachel glares at him.)*

**Rachel:** Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could’ve ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I’m the only [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] dad is [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of! Okay, well this is, this is what you’re gonna do. You’re gonna get a job, you’re gonna get an apartment, and then I’ll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?

**Phoebe:** Of course, yeah!

**Jill:** Oh, that’s so great! Okay, I’m really gonna do this! I don’t know how to thank you guys.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, I like cards.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is working as Phoebe and Ross are sitting on the couch.

**Joey:** *(to a customer)* Are you all finished here?

**Customer:** Yes.

**Joey:** Great! *(Joey takes his cookie and finishes it.)*

**Gunther:** Okay, here are the [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tips]] for this morning. Jen gets 50, 50 for me, and Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owes]] eight dollars.

**Joey:** What?!

**Gunther:** For all the free food you gave away.

**Joey:** Well if it’s free food, how come you’re charging me for it?

**Gunther:** We don’t give anything away unless it’s someone’s [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]].

**Joey:** Well, what if they came in third in a modeling [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]]?

**Gunther:** No!

**Joey:** *(to a woman who came in third in a modeling contest)* Sorry! *(He grabs her muffin away and returns it to the serving tray.)*

**Jill:** *(entering, carrying a bunch of shopping bags)* I just had the [[Friends-词汇总表#hardest\|hardest]] day. Those bags are so heavy. *(Sets them down.)*

**Ross:** Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.

**Jill:** Oh please, I [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorized]] those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff I got! *(Holds up a red sweater)* This is my "Please, hire me" [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]]. *(Holds up a pair of black pants)* And these are my, "Don’t you want to rent me this apartment?" pants.

**Ross:** I don’t think charging new clothes too your dad [[Friends-词汇总表#qualify\|qualifies]] as making it on your own.

**Jill:** Oh, Mr. Scientist has to get all technical!

**Phoebe:** Seriously, I don’t Rachel’s gonna think it’s a good idea.

**Jill:** So who made her queen of the world?

**Phoebe:** I would love that job!

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey! What’s goin’ on?

**Jill:** Hey!

**Rachel:** *(notices Jill’s bags)* Jill! Did you shop?!

**Jill:** No! They did! *(Points to Phoebe and Ross)* Phoebe and Ross: Yeah, we went shopping!

**Rachel:** You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and [[Friends-词汇总表#parade\|paraded]] it right under Jill’s [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] when you know she’s trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]. Wow, you guys are terrible!

**Phoebe:** Sorry Jill.

**Ross:** Sorry-sorry Jill.

**Rachel:** What’d you get?

**Phoebe:** Oh well, all right, I got *(Ross hands her a bag)* *(To Ross)* thank you, I got uh, this y’know "I want a job [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]]." *(Holds up the same sweater.)*

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Phoebe:** And, and then I got uh, these are apartment pants.

**Rachel:** Apartment pants?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, you never heard of them?

**Rachel:** No, of course, of course I’ve heard of them! Ross, what did you get?

**Ross:** Huh? Oh, I got this—*(Holds up this pink frilly thing)*—this!

**Rachel:** A pajmena?

**Ross:** Yeah! Oh, I-I love this babies!

**Rachel:** Really?

**Ross:** Ross, wants a pajmena?

**Ross:** It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#rug\|rug]]. *(Jill winces.)*

**Rachel:** Jill?

**Jill:** *(covers her eyes and starts crying)* I’m sorry Rachel, I’m sorry…

**Rachel:** Oh, come on! You think that’s gonna work on me?! I [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invented]] that!

**Jill:** Right! But, I am sorry.

**Rachel:** All right, it’s okay. One little [[Friends-词汇总表#setback\|setback]] is okay, just don’t let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I’m just gonna take the-the pajmena. *(Ross hands it to her.)* And the uh, and the uh pants. Y’know what, I’m just gonna take it all away, ‘cause that way you’ll just really learn the [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]]. Okay? All [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]], I’m gonna run a couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#errand\|errands]] and I will see you at dinner. *(Leaves with all of Jill’s stuff.)*

**Jill:** She took all my stuff.

**Ross:** Yeah. Everything but, the little blue one. *(Holds it up for her.)*

**Jill:** *(gasps)* That’s the best one! Oh my God, *(hugs him)* thank you so much!

**Ross:** Well. Hey…

**Jill:** Oh my [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]], that was so [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]]. Like a pajmena could be a [[Friends-词汇总表#rug\|rug]]!

**Ross:** Oh yeah, how about you and the, *(mimics her fake cry)* "I’m sorry!"

**Jill:** *(hits him)* Shut up! I did not sound like that at all!

**Phoebe:** What about, what about when I said y’know about the apartment pants, how [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] was I?

*(They both look at her.)*

**Jill:** Were you this cute in high school?

**Ross:** Oh stop.

**Jill:** No you stop!

**Ross:** No, you stop!

**Jill:** You stop!

**Phoebe:** *(gets up and sits between them)* Okay-okay, why don’t I sit here and you’ll both stop it!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is still very sick and is entering the living room from the bathroom wearing a robe. Chandler is reading a magazine.

**Monica:** Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let’s do something crazy!

**Chandler:** I know, let’s rest and drink lots of [[Friends-词汇总表#fluid\|fluids]]. *(Holds up a glass of orange juice.)*

**Monica:** Okay, I’ll rest. But y’know if I’m going to bed, then you’re coming with me.

**Chandler:** That would be [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#resist\|resist]] if you weren’t all [[Friends-词汇总表#drippy\|drippy]] here. *(Points to his nose.)*

**Monica:** *(wiping her nose)* Are you saying that you don’t wanna get with this? *(Tries to do a little sexy body rub, but it doesn’t work all that well with the big robe.)*

**Chandler:** Yeah, I don’t you should say that even when you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]].

**Monica:** *(in a sexy voice)* Come on. *(Coughs loudly.)*

**Chandler:** Don’t take this [[Friends-词汇总表#personally\|personally]] okay? It’s just that I just can’t have sex with a [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] person.

**Monica:** I’m with you Chandler! I mean I can’t have sex with a [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] person either, that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgusting]]! But I’m not sick! Let me [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] it to you. We are two [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] people in the pribe of libe.

**Chandler:** That’s the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, Rachel is putting away her new clothes as Phoebe enters.

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Rachel:** What’s up?!

**Phoebe:** Umm, I think there’s something you should maybe know.

**Rachel:** Well, it’d better not be about the apartment pants, because I just [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitched]] the idea to my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.

**Phoebe:** No. No. It’s just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I’m pretty sure I saw a little [[Friends-词汇总表#spark\|spark]] between them.

**Rachel:** What?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah I mean it’s probably nothing, but I just wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] you that there might be something there.

**Rachel:** With Ross and Jill?

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Rachel:** With Ross and my sister?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** With my sister Jill and my ex-boyfriend Ross?

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Oh there is no way.

**Phoebe:** Okay then.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don’t really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn’t that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they’re gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can’t stop it! I can’t—I don’t own Ross! Y’know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can’t believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] thing that could have ever happened to me.

**Phoebe:** But great news about the apartment pants, huh?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is giving the bill to the same beautiful woman from before.

**Joey:** That’ll be $3.85.

**Woman:** What do you mean? Yesterday you said I was too pretty to pay for stuff!

**Joey:** It’s just I can’t because my manager said I… *(Gets an idea)*

*(Starts singing) "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie…*

**Woman:** Amy!

**Joey:** *(still singing)* "…Amy! Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] to you!" A Male Customer: Hey, that’s weird, today’s my birthday too!

**Joey:** Yeah, not it here it isn’t.

**Jill:** *(entering)* Sorry I’m late, what’s up?

**Rachel:** *(on the couch)* Oh hi! Y’know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.

**Jill:** Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn’t go in. How strong am I?

**Rachel:** That is great. Hey, y’know who doesn’t have to job [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]]? Ross. He works at the university.

**Jill:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Oh so you know that, you guys talked about that, so you get along, so you think you’re gonna go out?

**Jill:** Me go out with Ross?! No! God no! What would make you think that?

**Rachel:** I just, Phoebe, said y’know thought she saw something between you guys.

**Jill:** No! I mean he’s nice.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Jill:** He’s the kind of guy you’re friends with, y’know? But he’s not the kind of guy you date. He’s the kind of guy you’d date because you did. Me, not so much.

**Rachel:** Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?

**Jill:** Oh no-no-no, he’s just I don’t know, he’s just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bookish\|bookish]].

**Rachel:** Are-are you saying he’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]]?

**Jill:** You think so too?

**Rachel:** No! No I, no Ross is not a [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]]!

**Jill:** Fine, then let’s just say he’s not my type.

**Rachel:** What [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good [[Friends-词汇总表#kisser\|kisser]]? What those things [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!

**Jill:** Well okay, if it means that much to you, then I’ll ask him out.

**Rachel:** Oh no-no-no, no-no-no, that’s not what I meant.

**Jill:** No! Y’know what Rachel? You’re right, y’know he has been really nice to me.

**Rachel:** Yeah but, he’s not your type.

**Jill:** Yeah but maybe that’s a good thing. Y’know I’m doing all these different sorts of things, and maybe I should try dating a [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]] too!

**Rachel:** Yeah but, you don’t, you don’t, you don’t want to try to much too fast. Y’know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don’t you?

**Jill:** What?

**Rachel:** She-she died Jill.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler has fallen asleep reading a book. Monica calls from the bedroom and wakes him up.

**Monica:** *(still sick)* Chandler!

**Chandler:** Oh what is it honey, you need some [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]]? Some [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]? *(He gets up from the couch and goes into the bedroom to find Monica, still in the robe, lying seductively on the bed. Or at least she’s trying too and as he enters the room, she takes the robe off on of her legs.)* Oh-ohhhh!

**Monica:** *(trying to be seductive)* Calling Dr. Big, Dr. Big to the bed.

**Chandler:** Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]].

**Monica:** How could I be [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] knowing that you were in the next room.

**Chandler:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]. *(She takes off her robe and starts to shiver)* Oh no! No-no honey! Y’know what’s sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blankets]] are sexy. And oh! Hot water [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottles]] are sexy.

**Monica:** Come on, get into bed! I want to [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] to you that I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel. *(Sneezes.)*

**Chandler:** Would you please get some rest!

**Monica:** I’m fine. *(She goes into one of those half sneezing, half-coughing fits that you get with a bad cold or flu.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is singing Happy Birthday to yet another good-looking woman. Gunther is watching and is not very happy.

**Joey:** *(singing)* "Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] to you!"

**Gunther:** You’re paying for that.

**Joey:** What? No-no it’s her [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]!

**Gunther:** You’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sung]] Happy Birthday to 20 different women today!

**Joey:** But it really…

**Gunther:** You are no longer [[Friends-词汇总表#authorize\|authorized]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#distribute\|distribute]] [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffins]].

**Joey:** Damnit! *(Storms off.)*

**Ross:** *(entering)* Rach? Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Ross:** Did you tell your sister to ask me out?

**Rachel:** Well yeah…

**Ross:** Oh wow! I mean, wow! I mean, I-I-I think she’s cute but I-I would never have thought of going out with her, never!

**Rachel:** Really?!

**Ross:** Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"

**Rachel:** Oh so-so not really never.

**Ross:** I have to say you are a much [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] person than I am. I mean after all we’ve been through, I just—y’know I wish I had a brother to [[Friends-词汇总表#reciprocate\|reciprocate]]. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my [[Friends-词汇总表#bless\|blessing]].

**Joey:** *(overhearing them)* Oh-ho, and mine!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is still sick and is hobbling out into the living room for some help from Chandler who’s on the couch reading.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Chandler, I think I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].

**Chandler:** Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!

**Monica:** Okay, fine I [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] it! I feel terrible! Would you please [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] this on my [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]]? *(She hands him some of that Vicks Vap-O-Rub to put on.)*

**Chandler:** No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.

**Monica:** Come on! I really need your help!

**Chandler:** No-no-no-no-no!

**Monica:** Fine, I’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] it on myself.

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(To start this task, she lowers the top of her robe to reveal that she is naked from the waist up, well at least her back is, and starts to rub on the gunk. Chandler notices this, and has something start happening. I’ll let you fill in the blank here.)*

**Chandler:** So you’re just, kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rubbing]] it on yourself?

**Monica:** Yeah?

**Chandler:** It’s nice.

**Monica:** Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?

**Chandler:** Yes! *(Hangs his head in shame.)*

**Monica:** I can’t believe it! What is it? Is it the [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rubbing]] or the smell?

**Chandler:** It’s all very, very good. *(She covers up and sits down.)* So you wanna go uh, mix it up?

**Monica:** Not now, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]!

**Chandler:** Oh come on you big [[Friends-词汇总表#faker\|faker]]!

**Monica:** What happened to your rule about never sleeping with [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] people?

**Chandler:** Well that was before all the [[Friends-词汇总表#vaporize\|vaporizing]] action.

**Monica:** Okay, if you really wanna have sex…

**Chandler:** Okay! *(Runs into the bedroom.)*

**Monica:** Worked like a [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charm]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is there as Jill enters to start her date with Ross.

**Jill:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi! Wh-what are you doing here?

**Jill:** This is where Ross and I are meeting for our date. So, what do you think?

*(She spins to show Rachel the outfit she’s wearing.)*

**Rachel:** Well, I-I don’t like it.

**Jill:** Really?!

**Rachel:** It’s kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]].

**Jill:** It’s yours!

**Rachel:** Yeah well, I’m-I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]].

**Jill:** *(laughs)* Me too.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hi Jill!

**Jill:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hi *(sees Rachel and forgets her name for a moment)*.

**Rachel:** Rachel.

**Ross:** Rachel! Well, you-you’re not at home, you’re-you’re-you’re right here.

**Rachel:** Yeah I know, and I bet you thought it would be weird. But it’s not!

*(There’s an awkward silence.)*

**Ross:** Okay. So well I’ll umm, *(To Rachel)* I’ll have her home by [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]].

*(Rachel laughs a little too hard as Ross and Jill leave for their date. After they have left, Rachel starts to break down.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel enters and walks quickly over to the window to watch Ross’s apartment. We see that Ross’s apartment is empty.

**Rachel:** Why [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you home yet?!

**Monica:** *(calling from the bathroom)* Is someone there?

**Rachel:** Oh yes, it’s me! Sorry!

**Chandler:** *(calling from the bathroom)* What are you doing here?

**Rachel:** Uh, I’m just, I’m just looking out your window. At-at the view. What are you guys doing?

**Chandler:** We got some Vap-O-Rub in some places.

*(We see that Ross is returning to his apartment with Jill.)*

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Oh, he brought her back to his apartment.

**Monica:** *(entering with Chandler)* Who? *(She looks out the window at Ross’s apartment)* Is that your sister?

**Rachel:** Ugh, she is a [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]]!

**Monica:** God, Ross is on a date with your sister! How weird is that?!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, look-look he’s taking off her clothes!

**Chandler:** He’s taking off her [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]]!

*(We see that Ross is taking off Jill’s coat.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, this is just terrible.

**Monica:** Oh no it’s not, no it’s not. It’s a first date. I’m sure that nothing is gonna…*(as she is talking we see Ross close his drapes.)*

**Rachel:** Oh. *(Squeaks again.)*

**Chandler:** Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some! *(Rachel looks at him.)* Of the [[Friends-词汇总表#glare\|glare]] from the [[Friends-词汇总表#streetlight\|streetlight]] out of his apartment. Y’know so umm, he’s closed the [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]] there so he can have a nice, [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasant\|pleasant]] [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] with your little sister. *(Pause)* Well, I’m off to bed! *(Goes to bed.)* To Be Continued Ending Credits

*(There is no credits scene, just a preview of the next couple of episodes.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（29）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 11 | 181 | 87 | *Hi, is Rachel here? I’m her sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 9 | 254 | 104 | *Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could’ve ever happened to you. I mean you needed to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 7 | 132 | 68 | *Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 6 | 296 | 85 | *Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad’s proud of me! My dad’s proud of me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 6 | 95 | 64 | *You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill’s nose when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 4 | 385 | 206 | *Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could’ve ever happened to you. I mean you needed to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 3 | 266 | 138 | *"…Amy! Happy birthday to you!" A Male Customer: Hey, that’s weird, today’s my birthday too!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 2 | 81 | 53 | *I don’t think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Were you this cute in high school?* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Oh that’s on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *I’m gonna grab you some tissue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Hey,  how you doin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could’ve ever happened to you. I mean you needed to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could’ve ever happened to you. I mean you needed to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Are you all finished here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously, I don’t Rachel’s gonna think it’s a good idea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *All right, it’s okay. One little setback is okay, just don’t let it happen again, all right? Now sin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Okay-okay, why don’t I sit here and you’ll both stop it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let’s do something crazy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *I know, let’s rest and drink lots of fluids.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don’t really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don’t really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren’t on your list? Ros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Oh-ho, and mine!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *I can’t believe it! What is it? Is it the rubbing or the smell?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *What happened to your rule about never sleeping with sick people?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *It’s yours!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Yeah I know, and I bet you thought it would be weird. But it’s not!* |

### 常用词（57）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 13 | 86 | 49 | *Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can’t work if I’m sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 7 | 152 | 44 | *We don’t give anything away unless it’s someone’s birthday.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 4 | 36 | 30 | *That he wouldn’t pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 3 | 18 | 15 | *Honey, no one thinks you’re a pansy, but we do think you need a tissue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 3 | 65 | 36 | *Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] | /'mʌfin/ | n. 松饼 | n. a sweet quick bread baked in a cup-shaped pan | 2 | 23 | 14 | *Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 2 | 35 | 21 | *Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 2 | 22 | 18 | *And y’know what I said to him? "I’m gonna hire a lawyer and I’m gonna sue you and take all your mone* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 2 | 57 | 29 | *That he wouldn’t pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 2 | 43 | 27 | *Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 2 | 26 | 22 | *Yeah, I don’t you should say that even when you’re healthy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 2 | 35 | 31 | *I’m with you Chandler! I mean I can’t have sex with a sick person either, that’s disgusting! But I’m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren’t on your list? Ros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 2 | 26 | 22 | *Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] | /split/ | n. 劈开, 裂片, 裂缝, 分裂, 派系, 派别, 柳条 | n. extending the legs at right angles to the trunk (one in front and the other i | 1 | 26 | 21 | *This coming from the man who couldn’t split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *How much do I owe you for the muffin and the latte?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 1 | 23 | 19 | *It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I’m getting more dates than ever* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]] | /skә:t/ | n. 裙子, 下摆, 边缘, 郊区 | n. cloth covering that forms the part of a garment below the waist | 1 | 14 | 11 | *It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I’m getting more dates than ever* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Yeah Joey that is so gross!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]] | /gʌm/ | n. 树胶, 橡皮, 橡皮糖, 牙床, 老天 | n. any of various substances (soluble in water) that exude from certain plants;  | 1 | 22 | 15 | *Hey does anyone have any gum?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Oh my God, introduce us!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]] | /spɒil/ | n. 战利品, 赃物, 奖品, 变质, 次品 | n. (usually plural) valuables taken by violence (especially in war) | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that’s bitter?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]] | /'kɒntest/ | n. 竞赛, 争论 | n. an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Well, what if they came in third in a modeling contest?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardest\|hardest]] |  | a. 极难 | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I just had the hardest day. Those bags are so heavy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorize]] | /'memәraiz/ | vt. 记住, 熟记, 背熟 | v. commit to memory; learn by heart | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]] | /'saiәntist/ | n. 科学家 | n. a person with advanced knowledge of one or more sciences | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Oh, Mr. Scientist has to get all technical!* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 1 | 56 | 32 | *Hey! What’s goin’ on?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill’s nose when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill’s nose when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invent]] | /in'vent/ | vt. 发明, 创作, 虚构 | v. come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a menta | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh, come on! You think that’s gonna work on me?! I invented that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] | /'lesn/ | n. 课, 课业, 教训 | n. a unit of instruction | 1 | 20 | 15 | *All right, it’s okay. One little setback is okay, just don’t let it happen again, all right? Now sin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Oh my gosh, that was so lame. Like a pajmena could be a rug!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] | /leim/ | a. 跛足的, 僵痛的, 不完全的, 金属薄板, 不知内情的人 | n. a fabric interwoven with threads of metal | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Oh my gosh, that was so lame. Like a pajmena could be a rug!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *What about, what about when I said y’know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] | /im'pɒsәbl/ | a. 不可能的, 难以置信的, 令人无法忍受的 | n. something that cannot be done | 1 | 19 | 17 | *That would be impossible to resist if you weren’t all drippy here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgust]] | /dis'gʌst/ | n. 厌恶, 嫌恶 | n. strong feelings of dislike | 1 | 16 | 13 | *I’m with you Chandler! I mean I can’t have sex with a sick person either, that’s disgusting! But I’m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Well, it’d better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ra* |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 1 | 59 | 18 | *Well, it’d better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ra* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 1 | 49 | 20 | *Well, it’d better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] | /wɒ:n/ | vt. 警告, 提醒, 通知 | v. notify of danger, potential harm, or risk | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Yeah I mean it’s probably nothing, but I just wanted to warn you that there might be something there* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don’t really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] | /'hænsәm/ | a. 英俊的, 大方的, 慷慨的, 相当可观的, 美观的, 灵敏的 | s pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form an | 1 | 13 | 11 | *What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren’t on your list? Ros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kisser\|kisser]] | /'kisә/ | n. 接吻的人 | n. someone who kisses | 1 | 11 | 10 | *What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren’t on your list? Ros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] | /su:p/ | n. 汤, 马力 | n. liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pi | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Oh what is it honey, you need some tea? Some soup?  Oh-ohhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jeez\|jeez]] | /dʒi:z/ | int. 呀 |  | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *I was asleep.  Oh no! No-no honey! Y’know what’s sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sex* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *You’ve sung Happy Birthday to 20 different women today!* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we’ve been through, I just—y’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|strike]] | /straik/ | n. 罢工, 打击, 殴打 | n. a group's refusal to work in protest against low pay or bad work conditions | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] | /tʃest/ | n. 胸, 胸部, 衣柜, 箱子 | n. box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charm]] | /tʃɑ:m/ | n. 吸引力, 魔力, 符咒 | n. something believed to bring good luck | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Worked like a charm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#midnight\|midnight]] | /'midnait/ | n. 午夜, 子夜, 半夜 | n. 12 o'clock at night; the middle of the night | 1 | 16 | 10 | *Okay. So well I’ll umm,  I’ll have her home by midnight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 1 | 53 | 31 | *He’s taking off her coat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some!  Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y’know so umm, * |

### 低频词（40）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geek\|geek]] | /gi:k/ | n. 做低级滑稽表演的人 | n. a carnival performer who does disgusting acts | 3 | 11 | 8 | *Are-are you saying he’s a geek?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#latte\|latte]] | /ˈlɑ:teɪ/ | n. 拿铁咖啡 | n strong espresso coffee with a topping of frothed steamed milk | 2 | 9 | 7 | *Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scone\|scone]] | /skәun/ | n. 烤饼 | n. small biscuit (rich with cream and eggs) cut into diamonds or sticks and bake | 2 | 9 | 6 | *Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rug\|rug]] | /rʌg/ | n. 小块地毯, 揭露某人 | n. floor covering consisting of a piece of thick heavy fabric (usually with nap  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *It’s a rug.* |
| libe | /'lɪb/ | abbr. librarian 图书馆员 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I’m with you Chandler! I mean I can’t have sex with a sick person either, that’s disgusting! But I’m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#layer\|layer]] | /'leiә/ | n. 层, 产卵鸡, 放置者 | n. single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance | 2 | 11 | 9 | *I was asleep.  Oh no! No-no honey! Y’know what’s sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sex* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]] | /slʌt/ | n. 懒妇, 荡妇 | n a dirty untidy woman | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Yeah well, I’m-I’m a slut.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#espresso\|espresso]] | /e'spresәu/ | n. （用汽加压煮出的）浓咖啡 | n. strong black coffee brewed by forcing hot water under pressure through finely | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herbal\|herbal]] | /'hә:bәl/ | a. 草药的 | a. of or relating to herbs | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#courtesy\|courtesy]] | /'kә:tisi/ | n. 礼貌, 谦恭, 好意 | n. a courteous or respectful or considerate act | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh that’s on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weakling\|weakling]] | /'wi:kliŋ/ | n. 虚弱的人, 弱小的动物, 低能儿 | n. a person who is physically weak and ineffectual | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m not sick!! I don’t get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pansy\|pansy]] | /'pænzi/ | n. 圆三色堇 | n. large-flowered garden plant derived chiefly from the wild pansy of Europe and | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m not sick!! I don’t get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitter\|bitter]] | /'bitә/ | a. 苦的, 痛苦的, 怀恨的 | n. English term for a dry sharp-tasting ale with strong flavor of hops (usually  | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that’s bitter?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]] | /su:/ | vt. 控告, 起诉, 请求 | n. French writer whose novels described the sordid side of city life (1804-1857) | 1 | 11 | 8 | *And y’know what I said to him? "I’m gonna hire a lawyer and I’m gonna sue you and take all your mone* |
| jen |  | n. 珍（女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, here are the tips for this morning. Jen gets 50, 50 for me, and Joey owes eight dollars.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#qualify\|qualify]] | /'kwɒlifai/ | vi. 取得资格, 有资格 | v. prove capable or fit; meet requirements | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I don’t think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#parade\|parade]] | /pә'reid/ | n. 游行, 炫耀, 阅兵 | n. a ceremonial procession including people marching | 1 | 12 | 7 | *You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill’s nose when* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#setback\|setback]] | /'setbæk/ | n. 挫折, 退步, 逆流 | n an unfortunate happening that hinders or impedes; something that is thwarting  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, it’s okay. One little setback is okay, just don’t let it happen again, all right? Now sin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#righty\|righty]] | /'raiti/ | n. 右派, 保守派 |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All right, it’s okay. One little setback is okay, just don’t let it happen again, all right? Now sin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#errand\|errand]] | /'erәnd/ | n. 任务, 差使, 使命 | n. a short trip that is taken in the performance of a necessary task or mission | 1 | 3 | 3 | *All right, it’s okay. One little setback is okay, just don’t let it happen again, all right? Now sin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fluid\|fluid]] | /'flu:id/ | n. 液体, 分泌液, 流体 | n. a substance that is fluid at room temperature and pressure | 1 | 7 | 5 | *I know, let’s rest and drink lots of fluids.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resist\|resist]] | /ri'zist/ | v. 抵抗, 耐得住, 抵制, 反抗 | v. stand up or offer resistance to somebody or something | 1 | 8 | 8 | *That would be impossible to resist if you weren’t all drippy here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drippy\|drippy]] | /'dripi/ | a. 滴水的, 湿淋淋的, 多雨的 | s. wet with light rain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That would be impossible to resist if you weren’t all drippy here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#personally\|personally]] | /'pә:sәnli/ | adv. 亲自地, 个别地, 当面, 就本人而言, 针对个人地 | r. as yourself | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Don’t take this personally okay? It’s just that I just can’t have sex with a sick person.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitch]] | /pitʃ/ | n. 程度, 坡度, 顶点, 前倾, 倾斜, 投掷, 音高, 螺距, 节距, 摊位, 树脂, 沥青 | n. the property of sound that varies with variation in the frequency of vibratio | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, it’d better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spark\|spark]] | /spɑ:k/ | n. 火花, 火星, 闪光, 无线电报务员, 瞬间放电, 活力, 朝气, 花花公子, 情郎 | n. a small but noticeable trace of some quality that might become stronger | 1 | 4 | 3 | *No. No. It’s just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I’m pretty sure I saw * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] | /hʌnt/ | n. 狩猎, 追捕, 搜寻, 猎区 | n. Englishman and Pre-Raphaelite painter (1827-1910) | 1 | 12 | 7 | *That is great. Hey, y’know who doesn’t have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bookish\|bookish]] | /'bukiʃ/ | a. 好读书的, 书呆子的 | s. characterized by diligent study and fondness for reading | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no-no-no, he’s just I don’t know, he’s just a little bookish.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]] | /'blæŋkit/ | n. 毛毯, 毯子 | n. bedding that keeps a person warm in bed | 1 | 11 | 9 | *I was asleep.  Oh no! No-no honey! Y’know what’s sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sex* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#authorize\|authorize]] | /'ɒ:θәraiz/ | vt. 授权, 批准, 委托 | v. grant authorization or clearance for | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You are no longer authorized to distribute birthday muffins.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#distribute\|distribute]] | /di'stribju:t/ | vt. 分配, 散布, 分发 | v. administer or bestow, as in small portions | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You are no longer authorized to distribute birthday muffins.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reciprocate\|reciprocate]] | /ri'siprәkeit/ | vt. 回报, 互换, 交换, 报答, 使往复运动 | v. act, feel, or give mutually or in return | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we’ve been through, I just—y’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bless\|bless]] | /bles/ | vt. 祝福, 祈佑, 使神圣化 | v. give a benediction to | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we’ve been through, I just—y’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#faker\|faker]] | /'feikә/ | n. 骗子, (卖滑头货的)摊贩 | n a person who makes deceitful pretenses | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh come on you big faker!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vaporize\|vaporize]] | /'veipәraiz/ | v. (使)蒸发 | v kill with or as if with a burst of gunfire or electric current or as if by sho | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well that was before all the vaporizing action.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] | /slʌtɪ/ | a. 淫荡的 |  | 1 | 15 | 9 | *It’s kinda slutty.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glare\|glare]] | /glєә/ | n. 闪耀光, 刺眼 | n. a light within the field of vision that is brighter than the brightness to wh | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some!  Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y’know so umm, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#streetlight\|streetlight]] | /'stri:tlait/ | n. 街灯, 路灯 | n. a lamp supported on a lamppost; for illuminating a street | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some!  Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y’know so umm, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drape]] | /dreip/ | n. 布帘, 褶皱 | n. the manner in which fabric hangs or falls | 1 | 12 | 5 | *Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some!  Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y’know so umm, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasant\|pleasant]] | /'pleznt/ | a. 愉快的, 可爱的, 活泼的, 亲切的 | a. affording pleasure; being in harmony with your taste or likings | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some!  Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y’know so umm, * |
