---
season: 6
episode: "02"
title: "The One Where Ross Hugs Rachel"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E02 — The One Where Ross Hugs Rachel

*Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, it’s the same scene from the end of last week’s show. Phoebe and Rachel are sitting on the couch as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey, so did everything go okay with the [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]]?

**Ross:** Oh, yeah, no problems. It’s all taken care of.

**Rachel:** Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?

**Ross:** Oh yeah, why not?

**Rachel:** Okay, umm, I’m gonna get my [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]]. *(Walks away.)*

**Ross:** Okay. *(Sits down next to Phoebe.)* You uh, you wanna hear something weird?

**Phoebe:** Always.

**Ross:** I didn’t get the [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]].

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Ross:** We’re still married! Don’t tell Rachel. See you later. *(He gets up leaving Phoebe in shock.)*


> [!scene] Cut to outside Central Perk.

**Ross:** *(To Rachel)* Hey, do you have any [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]]?

**Rachel:** Oh? Yeah! Sure!

**Phoebe:** *(running out)* Wait! Wait! Hi! Listen, Ross can I just talk to you for just a second?

**Rachel:** Oh but Phoebe, we’re gonna be late for the movie.

*(A cab pulls up.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, there’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]]! Taxi!! *(The cab stops and she opens the door.)* Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go. *(Pushes Rachel in and closes the door.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah, we’re, we’re actually just gonna walk ‘cause it’s right up there at the Angelica.

**Phoebe:** Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! *(She bangs on the cab’s roof and it pulls away.)* *(To Ross)* You didn’t get the [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]]?!!

**Ross:** I know.

**Phoebe:** Ross?!

**Ross:** Well, I tried! But when I got to my [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]]’s office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don’t want my [[Friends-词汇总表#tombstone\|tombstone]] to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.

**Phoebe:** Don’t be worried about that! Your [[Friends-词汇总表#tombstone\|tombstone]] can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y’know? Mine’s gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.

**Ross:** Look, all I know is I-I can’t have another [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|failed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]!

**Phoebe:** So okay what? You’re gonna be married to a girl who doesn’t even know about it?!—Op, woman! Sorry.

**Ross:** Well, okay so, I don’t have it all worked out quite yet. Just don’t say anything to Rachel, please?

**Phoebe:** Rachel is one of my [[Friends-词汇总表#closest\|closest]] friends. *(Pause)* Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!

*(Rachel’s cab backs up.)*

**Rachel:** *(to the driver)* Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!

**Phoebe:** Hey Rach!

**Rachel:** What was that?!

**Phoebe:** Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?

**Rachel:** I haven’t seen it yet!

**Phoebe:** Well then you’d better [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]]! The Angelica! Go! Go! *(Bangs on the roof again and off they go.)*

**Rachel:** Noooooooo!!


---

**Opening Credits {Transciber’s note: In case you’re wondering, and I know you are. Their names are all back to normal. Just in a slightly smaller font than usual to allow Courteney Cox Arquette to fit on one line and not be smaller than the rest of their names. Now, on with the show…}**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are cuddling on the couch.

**Chandler:** Y’know when we move in together, can I get a [[Friends-词汇总表#gumball\|gumball]] machine?

**Monica:** Of course! Joey wouldn’t let you have one?

**Chandler:** No. When it comes to sweets, he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#surprisingly\|surprisingly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#strict\|strict]].

**Monica:** Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you’re moving out?

**Chandler:** No, no, I keep trying, y’know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too…" but then I lose my [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] and I always finish with, "…go to the bathroom." He may think I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].

**Monica:** Y’know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I… We just have to get it over with! Y’know, the next time we see them we’re just gonna tell them. Okay? That’s it.

**Chandler:** Oh, so that’s this is gonna work now? You’re just gonna order me around all the time?

**Monica:** Pretty much.

**Chandler:** All right.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey Monica!

**Monica:** Hi!

**Joey:** *(To Chandler)* Hey man, you [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] any better? *(Chandler answers him with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)*

**Monica:** Joey, we have something to tell you.

**Joey:** Oh my God! You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]!

**Chandler:** No-o-o! *(To Monica)* No? *(She nods no.)* No-o-o! Look Joey, here’s the thing, Monica and I have [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to live together, here. So, I’m gonna be moving out man.

**Joey:** Wow! *(Tearing up)* Well, uh… Hey! I’m really happy for you guys! Congratulations! *(Kisses Monica on the cheek)* See you later. *(Starts for the door on the verge of tears as Monica stops him.)*

**Monica:** Wait! Joey! Joey! Are you okay?!

**Joey:** Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. *(Turns towards the door, pauses, and turns back.)* Like you’d believe that. This sucks!

**Chandler:** Look, I-I’m just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I’m moving right back in with you!

**Joey:** *(To Monica)* Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you’re gonna be moving in with him I feel it’s my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He’s a terrible [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]]! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm… Oh-oh he always, he always umm—Oh, who am I kidding! He’s the best roommate ever! *(Hugs Chandler.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is on the couch as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Hey Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey, have you seen Rachel?

**Phoebe:** No, why?

**Monica:** I have some pretty exciting news!

**Phoebe:** *(gasps)* You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]!

**Monica:** No! Chandler and I are moving in together!

**Phoebe:** Ooh! That’s good! Wow! But now if you were [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]], what would you name it? Hint: Phoebe.

*(Ross returns from getting some coffee.)*

**Ross:** Hey! Hi!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Ross:** What’s up?

**Monica:** Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.

**Ross:** Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend…[[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shaking]] up. Oh, that’s great. That’s great. *(Kisses and hugs her.)*

**Phoebe:** Guys, I’m happy too.

**Monica:** Okay, come here! *(Phoebe joins them in the hug.)*

**Phoebe:** Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting [[Friends-词汇总表#annul\|annulled]]… *(Winks at Ross.)*

**Monica:** Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn’t seem so bad?

*(Exits.)*

**Ross:** Bye.

**Phoebe:** Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel… Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!

**Ross:** Could ya just, could ya just [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] off, please? All right? My life is an [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrassment\|embarrassment]]! I should go live under somebody’s [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]]!

**Phoebe:** Ross, it’s not that big a deal! So you’ll been divorced three times, you’ll still have a life, you’ll go on dates…

**Ross:** *(interrupting)* No! No, I won’t! I’ll be at the bottom of the dating [[Friends-词汇总表#barrel\|barrel]] now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.

**Phoebe:** Ross, you’re being [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!

**Ross:** Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?

**Phoebe:** Y’know that’s really fair. Y’know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrassment\|embarrassment]] thing is all in your head! Here, I’ll show you! Come here.

**Ross:** What?! Why?

*(She grabs his arm and drags him over to a table where three beautiful women are sitting. Now, I’m going to go out on a limb and say that their names are Stephanie, Karin, and Meg. Okay, so I looked at the credits. Of course, only Meg is named later on, so I’ll have to guess who is Stephanie and who is Karin. But, we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.)*

**Phoebe:** *(to the girls)* Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn’t you date him?

**Ross:** And if you wait right here, I’ll go get Ross. *(Phoebe grabs his arm and prevents him from escaping.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is pacing anxiously waiting for Rachel.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Ugh, I thought you were Rachel!

**Chandler:** *(looking down)* What gave me away?

**Monica:** I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she’s the only one left!

**Chandler:** Okay, so that’s it, everybody knows! It’s official, we’re moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?

**Monica:** No.

**Chandler:** Wow that was my [[Friends-词汇总表#scariest\|scariest]] voice! You’re very [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]].

*(They hug as Rachel enters.)*

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Ugh, the worse day! Y’know, you think you’re making progress at work and then your [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] calls you Raquel.

**Chandler:** Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-[[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]]. *(Awkward silence ensues.)* Seriously.

**Rachel:** I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the [[Friends-词汇总表#mailroom\|mailroom]] guys were calling me Rocky!

**Chandler:** Well, I-I still think you’re very-very nice and very pretty…

**Rachel:** What?

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* All yours [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]]. *(Walks away.)*

**Monica:** Have a seat. *(They sit at the table.)* Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! That’s so great! I’m so happy for you guys!

**Monica:** Really?!

**Rachel:** And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!

**Monica:** Yes, we are. *(Chandler is frantically trying to get Monica to correct her.)*

**Rachel:** And Chandler, you’re gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know Raquel can’t be late.

**Chandler:** Rach…

**Monica:** Yeah, he’s gonna work on that.

**Rachel:** Ohh! This is so exciting! Oh God… *(Gasps and starts to sing)* Come and [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] on my door…

**Monica:** *(singing)* We’ll be waiting for you… {Transciber’s note: I’ll finish that one for those of you who don’t know what they’re talking about. Where the [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towels]] are Hers and Hers and His, Three’s Company too! Yeah, that’s the theme song for Three’s Company.}


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is hosting an impromptu roundtable discussion with Stephanie, Karin, and Meg about Ross’s three divorces.

**Ross:** …once you know the stories, it’s not that bad. First [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]], wife’s [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hidden]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sexuality\|sexuality]], not my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the [[Friends-词汇总表#altar\|altar]], a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn’t allow you to get married when you’re that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada’s fault.

**Phoebe:** Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn’t be interested? Who wouldn’t want to date him?

**Stephanie:** Well the divorces don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] me, I’d date him. But, not while he’s still married.

**Phoebe:** Okay, what about you? *(Points to Karin)* Wouldn’t you want a date?

**Karin:** Actually, I’m dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was only dating guys that were like y’know bad for me, so until I work that out…

**Phoebe:** *(interrupting)* Whatever! What about you Meg?

**Meg:** Well, I don’t care about the divorces either, but I wouldn’t date him. It’s just that he’s obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.

**Ross:** What?!

**Phoebe:** *(leaning to him)* She said, "He’s obviously still in love with this Rachel girl." *(He glares at her.)*

**Ross:** This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?

**Phoebe:** Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.

**Ross:** We were drunk! I would’ve married uh, Joey with that amount of [[Friends-词汇总表#alcohol\|alcohol]]!

**Phoebe:** Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!

**Ross:** *(to the panel)* Look, I’m sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don’t want to be divorced three times.

**Phoebe:** Yes, and now he’s using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.

**Ross:** *(getting up)* Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I’ll go to my [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]]’s office right now and get this [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] [[Friends-词汇总表#annul\|annulled]]! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth—*(leans down to Meg’s ear)*—Nothing!!

**Meg:** Okay now I wouldn’t date you because you seem a little [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]].

**Karin:** I am so [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attracted]] to him right now.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler and Monica are still debating about how to tell Rachel that Chandler’s moving in and she’s moving out.

**Chandler:** Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?

**Monica:** Soon! I-I just couldn’t before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn’t do that to her, she’s my best friend!

**Chandler:** Well, Joey’s my best friend.

**Monica:** I’m not your best friend?

**Chandler:** You just said… Of course you’re my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?

**Monica:** All right, all right, at least I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepared]].

**Chandler:** Okay. *(She grabs a tin of freshly baked cookies)* Oh yes. *(He reaches for one.)*

**Monica:** *(slapping his hand)* Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey-hey!

**Monica:** These [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t for you! Are you upset?

**Chandler:** I am now!

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]]!

**Chandler:** Okay, bye! *(Exits.)*

**Monica:** Rach, there’s something uh, important I have to tell you.

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]?!

**Monica:** No! But, I’m throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstanding]] before.

**Rachel:** Um-hmm.

**Monica:** Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* Oh my God! Oh, that’s funny, I can’t believe I did that.

**Monica:** Oh no sweetie, no! This is my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]], I wasn’t clear! I’m really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There’s absolutely no [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]].

**Rachel:** Okay. *(Sits back and resumes her reading.)*

**Monica:** Okay. Don’t you want a [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]]?

**Rachel:** Sure? *(Monica hands her one.)* Thanks.

**Monica:** Maybe, do you need a [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]]?

*(Rachel mumbles uh-huh and spits the half-eaten cookie out onto the tissue.)*

**Rachel:** Monica, where did you get these?!

**Monica:** I made them!

**Rachel:** Ooh, good God, they’re so [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]]! *(She re-ingests the previously expelled cookie matter from the tissue.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is packing some books and Joey is watching him.

**Joey:** God, it’s gonna so weird like when I come home and you’re not here. Y’know? No more Joey and Chan’s. No more J and C’s. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler’s?" "Can’t, its not there."

**Chandler:** Look, I’m just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.

**Joey:** Yeah but we won’t be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] and the future.

**Chandler:** Not once did we do that.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hi.

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hi.

**Monica:** So I, I told Rachel it was just gonna be the two of us.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah? Well, how’d she take it?

**Monica:** Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn’t cry. She wasn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] or sad. *(Sits down, slightly disgusted.)*

**Chandler:** And you’re upset because you didn’t make your best friend cry?

**Monica:** I mean, all I’m asking for is just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#emotion\|emotion]]! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don’t I [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] a few [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tears]]?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!

**Joey:** Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It’s like the end of an [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]]! No more J-man and Channie’s!!

**Chandler:** Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s lawyer’s office, his name is Russell and has just been told by Ross about his current situation.

**Russell:** You got married again.

**Ross:** Yes.

**Russell:** So that’s your second [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] in two years.

**Ross:** Yes, second in two years. Third overall.

**Russell:** Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so much business from one client. Why don’t you tell me what happened.

**Ross:** Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk…

**Russell:** *(interrupting)* I’m sorry, is this the same Rachel who’s name you said at the [[Friends-词汇总表#altar\|altar]] in the second [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]?

**Ross:** Yes-yes-yes! But, I-I do not love her.

**Russell:** Oh, that’s better then.

**Ross:** This was just a [[Friends-词汇总表#drunken\|drunken]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] and I need to get it [[Friends-词汇总表#annul\|annulled]].

**Russell:** I see. Have you considered therapy?

**Ross:** I think just the [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]] for today.

**Russell:** There are a couple of forms to fill out.

**Ross:** Easy.

**Russell:** And we’ll need to have [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witnesses]] who can [[Friends-词汇总表#testify\|testify]] that you were not of uh, sound mind.

**Ross:** No problem.

**Russell:** And we’ll need you and Rachel to [[Friends-词汇总表#testify\|testify]] before a [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]].

**Ross:** Ooh! There’s no way to do this without her? ‘Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.

**Russell:** Of course you did. Look Ross, you can’t get an [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]] unless you and Rachel are both there.

**Ross:** Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel? *(Russell glares at him.)* I will think about the therapy.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is painting her toe nails as Monica enters.

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start [[Friends-词汇总表#divide\|dividing]] up our stuff.

**Rachel:** Okay!

**Monica:** Y’know, no point in [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|dragging]] it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Monica:** Hey Rach, what about this? *(She holds up a chrome 5-point star.)* Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don’t know if I want it because it might be y’know, too many memories!

**Rachel:** *(grabbing the star)* What the hell is that?

**Monica:** I don’t know. *(Picks up a big plate from the coffee table.)* Hey, Rachel, you want the big [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]]? I want you to have the big plate.

**Rachel:** Wow! Mon, thanks! I love this [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]]!

**Monica:** Something to remember me by!

**Rachel:** Mon, honey you’re not dying. I’m just moving out. Y’know, I mean we’re gonna see each other all the time.

**Monica:** But still, it’s a big change. The end of an [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]], you might say!

**Rachel:** Are you okay? You’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#blink\|blinking]].

**Monica:** I’m fine! I just, I’m thinking how much it’s an end of [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]].

**Rachel:** Oh, all right. But y’know I gotta say, I don’t, I don’t think six years counts as an [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]].

**Monica:** An [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]] is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn’t significant to you!

**Rachel:** What is the matter with you?!

**Monica:** What is the matter with you?!! Why [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you more upset?! Aren’t you gonna be sad that we’re not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren’t you gonna miss me at all?!

**Rachel:** All right, fine, but don’t get mad at me. It’s-it’s just a little hard to believe.

**Monica:** What’s hard to believe?

**Rachel:** Well y’know, it’s you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y’know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I’m not upset because I don’t see you guys going through with it. I’m sorry.

**Monica:** Rachel, it’s going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.

**Rachel:** But I…

**Monica:** No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn’t something that we just, we just [[Friends-词汇总表#impulsively\|impulsively]] [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.

**Rachel:** It is? Really?

**Monica:** Yeah, sweetie.

**Rachel:** *(starting to lose her composure)* I mean we’re not, we’re not gonna live together anymore?

**Monica:** No.

**Rachel:** What? Oh my God! I’m gonna miss you so much! *(Starts to cry.)*

**Monica:** I’m gonna miss you! *(They hug.)*

**Rachel:** I mean it’s the end of an [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]]!

**Monica:** I know!


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway, Ross is coming up the stairs as Phoebe leaves Joey and Chandler’s.

**Phoebe:** *(to Joey and Chandler)* Okay, bye!

**Ross:** Oh no.

**Phoebe:** So? Did you get the [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]]?

**Ross:** I couldn’t.

**Phoebe:** I knew it! Because you love Rachel.

**Ross:** It’s not that. Okay? Annulments are more [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]] than I…

**Phoebe:** Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]] ‘cause of the love.

**Ross:** I… I do, I do not love Rachel. I’m gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] [[Friends-词汇总表#annul\|annulled]] as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?

**Phoebe:** I’ve never been more [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convinced]] of your love for her.

**Ross:** I do not have [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for Rachel! Okay?! *(He goes into her apartment.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Monica and Rachel’s as Ross walks through the door. Rachel is holding the chrome star and crying.

**Ross:** Ohh, what’s wrong?!

**Rachel:** Monica and Chandler are really moving in here and I have to move out and everything is changing.

**Ross:** Oh my—Come here! Come here! *(He hugs her.)* It’s okay. Everything’s gonna be okay.

**Rachel:** Thank you.

**Ross:** Of course.

*(Ross suddenly realizes something.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Phoebe are talking.

**Joey:** So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married, do you think you and I should [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] up?

**Phoebe:** Oh we do, but not just yet.

**Joey:** Really?! Well, when?

**Phoebe:** Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be [[Friends-词汇总表#filthy\|filthy]] rich by the way. Yeah. But it won’t work out.

**Joey:** Wow.

**Phoebe:** I know. Then, I’m gonna marry Chandler for the money and you’ll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.

**Joey:** Great!

**Phoebe:** But then we [[Friends-词汇总表#ditch\|ditch]] those two and that’s when we get married. We’ll have Chandler’s money and Rachel’s kids and getting [[Friends-词汇总表#custody\|custody]] will be easy because of Rachel’s drinking problem.

**Joey:** Oh-oh, what about Ross?

**Phoebe:** I don’t want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（42）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 13 | 422 | 131 | *We’re still married! Don’t tell Rachel. See you later.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 7 | 84 | 53 | *Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer’s office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three div* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 5 | 80 | 57 | *Soon! I-I just couldn’t before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn’t do that to her, she’s my best* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 4 | 197 | 118 | *Actually, I’m dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was only dating guys that were like y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 3 | 97 | 75 | *No, no, I keep trying, y’know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too…" but then I lose my nerve and I alw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 3 | 101 | 68 | *Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn’t cry. She wasn’t angry or sad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Okay.  You uh, you wanna hear something weird?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 2 | 118 | 89 | *Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 2 | 95 | 64 | *Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you’re gonna be moving in with him I feel it’s my responsibility to tel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *I have some pretty exciting news!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 2 | 76 | 55 | *Ugh, the worse day! Y’know, you think you’re making progress at work and then your boss calls you Ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *…once you know the stories, it’s not that bad. First marriage, wife’s hidden sexuality, not my fault* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *Well, I don’t care about the divorces either, but I wouldn’t date him. It’s just that he’s obviously* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn’t cry. She wasn’t angry or sad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross * |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *No, no, I keep trying, y’know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too…" but then I lose my nerve and I alw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *No, no, I keep trying, y’know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too…" but then I lose my nerve and I alw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job.  Like you’d believe that. This sucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Look, I-I’m just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you’re gonna be moving in with him I feel it’s my responsibility to tel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you’re gonna be moving in with him I feel it’s my responsibility to tel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend…shaking up. Oh, that’s great. That’s great.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Ross, you’re being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more importan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Ross, you’re being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more importan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Okay, so that’s it, everybody knows! It’s official, we’re moving in together. No turning back. Are y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap.  Seriously.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *All yours babe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Have a seat.  Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *And Chandler, you’re gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn’t be interested? Who wouldn’t want to date him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now,* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *No! But, I’m throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little misunderstanding before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn’t clear! I’m really sorry. And listen, you take as much * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell is that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *All right, fine, but don’t get mad at me. It’s-it’s just a little hard to believe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Well y’know, it’s you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y’know? I mean, you-you were gonna get ma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *I don’t want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.* |

### 常用词（44）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 9 | 93 | 40 | *Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 4 | 118 | 49 | *Oh my God! You’re pregnant!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 4 | 81 | 49 | *…once you know the stories, it’s not that bad. First marriage, wife’s hidden sexuality, not my fault* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 4 | 69 | 45 | *These aren’t for you! Are you upset?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] | /pleit/ | n. 碟, 盘子, 盆中物, 金属板, 图版, 金银餐具, 印版, 金属牌(照) | n. a sheet of metal or wood or glass or plastic | 3 | 49 | 19 | *I don’t know.  Hey, Rachel, you want the big plate? I want you to have the big plate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 2 | 22 | 18 | *Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer’s office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three div* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 2 | 79 | 44 | *Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you’re gonna be moving in with him I feel it’s my responsibility to tel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]] | /hә:z/ | pron. 她的 | pron. See the Note under Her, pron. | 2 | 13 | 10 | *We’ll be waiting for you… {Transciber’s note: I’ll finish that one for those of you who don’t know w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 2 | 76 | 44 | *Yeah but we won’t be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] | /dræg/ | n. 拖, 拖累 | n. the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid | 2 | 17 | 12 | *Y’know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not livi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicate]] | /'kɒmplikeit/ | vt. 弄复杂, 使错综, 使恶化 | v. make more complicated | 2 | 25 | 21 | *It’s not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *Okay, umm, I’m gonna get my sweater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]] | /gʌm/ | n. 树胶, 橡皮, 橡皮糖, 牙床, 老天 | n. any of various substances (soluble in water) that exude from certain plants;  | 1 | 22 | 15 | *Hey, do you have any gum?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *Oh, there’s a cab! Taxi!!  Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go.* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 1 | 49 | 29 | *Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|fail]] | /feil/ | vi. 失败, 缺乏, 中断, 衰退, 失灵 | v. fail to do something; leave something undone | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Look, all I know is I-I can’t have another failed marriage!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Well then you’d better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *No, no, I keep trying, y’know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too…" but then I lose my nerve and I alw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Wow!  Well, uh… Hey! I’m really happy for you guys! Congratulations!  See you later.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]] | /hint/ | n. 暗示, 提示 | n. an indirect suggestion | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Ooh! That’s good! Wow! But now if you were pregnant, what would you name it? Hint: Phoebe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stair]] | /stєә/ | n. 梯级, 楼梯, 阶梯 | n support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a | 1 | 19 | 13 | *Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Ross, you’re being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more importan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Ugh, the worse day! Y’know, you think you’re making progress at work and then your boss calls you Ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] | /beib/ | n. 小孩, 天真幼稚的人 | n a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk | 1 | 14 | 13 | *All yours babe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Ohh! This is so exciting! Oh God…  Come and knock on my door…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] | /'tauәl/ | n. 手巾, 毛巾 | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping | 1 | 19 | 18 | *We’ll be waiting for you… {Transciber’s note: I’ll finish that one for those of you who don’t know w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *…once you know the stories, it’s not that bad. First marriage, wife’s hidden sexuality, not my fault* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Well the divorces don’t bother me, I’d date him. But, not while he’s still married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] | /'kri:pi/ | a. 爬行的, 令人毛骨悚然的 | s. annoying and unpleasant | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Okay now I wouldn’t date you because you seem a little creepy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attract]] | /ә'trækt/ | vt. 吸引, 诱惑 | v. direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physi | 1 | 19 | 13 | *I am so attracted to him right now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn’t clear! I’m really sorry. And listen, you take as much * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] | /'kuki/ | n. 饼干, 小甜点 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Okay. Don’t you want a cookie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Maybe, do you need a tissue?* |
| chan |  | n. 通道（槽, 沟） |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *God, it’s gonna so weird like when I come home and you’re not here. Y’know? No more Joey and Chan’s.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn’t cry. She wasn’t angry or sad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *I mean, all I’m asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *I mean, all I’m asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *And we’ll need you and Rachel to testify before a judge.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 1 | 24 | 22 | *I’ve never been more convinced of your love for her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 1 | 33 | 26 | *So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married, do you think you and I shou* |

### 低频词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annulment\|annulment]] | /ә'nʌlmәnt/ | n. 废除, 取消 | n. (law) a formal termination (of a relationship or a judicial proceeding etc) | 6 | 20 | 3 | *Hey, so did everything go okay with the annulment?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]] | /'iәrә/ | n. 时代, 纪元, 时期 | n. a period marked by distinctive character or reckoned from a fixed point or ev | 6 | 13 | 4 | *Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It’s like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie’s!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angelica\|angelica]] | /æn'dʒelikә/ | n. 当归属植物 | n. any of various tall and stout herbs of the genus Angelica having pinnately co | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, we’re, we’re actually just gonna walk ‘cause it’s right up there at the Angelica.* |
| raquel |  | n. 拉克尔（人名） |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Ugh, the worse day! Y’know, you think you’re making progress at work and then your boss calls you Ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annul\|annul]] | /ә'nʌl/ | vt. 废除, 宣告无效, 取消 | v declare invalid | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tombstone\|tombstone]] | /'tu:mstәun/ | n. 墓石, 墓碑 | n a stone that is used to mark a grave | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer’s office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three div* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprisingly\|surprisingly]] |  | adv. 使人惊奇, 出人意外, 惊人, 令人惊讶 | r. in a surprising manner | 2 | 6 | 5 | *No. When it comes to sweets, he’s surprisingly strict.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrassment\|embarrassment]] | /im'bærәsmәnt/ | n. 困难, 阻碍, 困窘 | n. the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#altar\|altar]] | /'ɒ:ltә/ | n. 圣坛, 祭坛 | n. the table in Christian churches where communion is given | 2 | 7 | 6 | *…once you know the stories, it’s not that bad. First marriage, wife’s hidden sexuality, not my fault* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meg\|meg]] | /me^/ | n. 梅格（女子名, 等于Margaret） | n the number that is represented as a one followed by 6 zeros | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Whatever! What about you Meg?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#testify\|testify]] | /'testifai/ | v. 证明, 作证, 声明, 表明 | v. give testimony in a court of law | 2 | 2 | 1 | *And we’ll need to have witnesses who can testify that you were not of uh, sound mind.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taxi\|taxi]] | /'tæksi/ | n. 出租车 | v. travel slowly | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh, there’s a cab! Taxi!!  Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go.* |
| gellar |  | [网络] 盖拉 |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer’s office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three div* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bury\|bury]] | /'beri/ | vt. 埋葬, 埋藏 | v. cover from sight | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Don’t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closest\|closest]] |  | a. 最靠近的（close的最高级） | a at or within a short distance in space or time or having elements near each ot | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Rachel is one of my closest friends.  Although, being the only one who knows anything about this doe* |
| noooooooo |  | [网络] 宝贝的故事吗；奸狡的微笑 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Noooooooo!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gumball\|gumball]] | /'^ʌmbɔ:l/ | n. 警车顶灯 |  | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Y’know when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strict\|strict]] | /strikt/ | a. 严厉的, 绝对的, 详尽的, 严格的, 精确的 | s rigidly accurate; allowing no deviation from a standard | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No. When it comes to sweets, he’s surprisingly strict.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] | /nә:v/ | n. 精神, 勇气, 叶脉, 神经 | n. any bundle of nerve fibers running to various organs and tissues of the body | 1 | 7 | 7 | *No, no, I keep trying, y’know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too…" but then I lose my nerve and I alw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barrel\|barrel]] | /'bærәl/ | n. 桶 | n. a tube through which a bullet travels when a gun is fired | 1 | 6 | 3 | *No! No, I won’t! I’ll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#murderer\|murderer]] | /'mә:dәrә/ | n. 凶手, 杀人者, 谋害者 | n. a criminal who commits homicide (who performs the unlawful premeditated killi | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No! No, I won’t! I’ll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geologist\|geologist]] | /dʒi'ɔlәdʒist/ | n. 地质学家, 地质学者 | n. a specialist in geology | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No! No, I won’t! I’ll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scariest\|scariest]] |  | 恐怖的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Wow that was my scariest voice! You’re very brave.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]] | /breiv/ | a. 勇敢的, 美好的, 华丽的 | n. a North American Indian warrior | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Wow that was my scariest voice! You’re very brave.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mailroom\|mailroom]] | /'meɪlru:m/ | 邮件收发室 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rocky\|rocky]] | /'rɒki/ | a. 岩石的, 多石的, 像岩石的, 无情的, 摇动的, 摇晃的 | s. abounding in rocks or stones | 1 | 5 | 4 | *I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexuality\|sexuality]] | /.sekʃu'æliti/ | n. 性征, 性行为, 性欲 | n the properties that distinguish organisms on the basis of their reproductive r | 1 | 3 | 3 | *…once you know the stories, it’s not that bad. First marriage, wife’s hidden sexuality, not my fault* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nevada\|nevada]] | /ni'vædә/ | n. 内华达 | n. a state in the southwestern United States | 1 | 2 | 2 | *…once you know the stories, it’s not that bad. First marriage, wife’s hidden sexuality, not my fault* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alcohol\|alcohol]] | /'ælkәhɒl/ | n. 酒精, 酒 | n. a liquor or brew containing alcohol as the active agent | 1 | 6 | 5 | *We were drunk! I would’ve married uh, Joey with that amount of alcohol!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bravo\|bravo]] | /'brɑ:vәu/ | n. 亡命徒, 喝彩 | n. a cry of approval as from an audience at the end of great performance | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yes, and now he’s using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noth\|noth]] |  | n. 诺斯（姓氏） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]] | /'ru:mi/ | n. 住在同室的人 | n an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Hey roomie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstand]] | /.misʌndә'stænd/ | vt. 误解, 误会 | v interpret in the wrong way | 1 | 9 | 8 | *No! But, I’m throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little misunderstanding before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]] | /'jʌmi/ | a. 美味的, 可口的, 赏心悦目的, 愉快的 | s extremely pleasing to the sense of taste | 1 | 13 | 9 | *Ooh, good God, they’re so yummy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotion\|emotion]] | /i'mәuʃәn/ | n. 情绪, 激动, 强烈的情感 | n. any strong feeling | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I mean, all I’m asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drunken\|drunken]] | /'drʌŋkәn/ | a. 酒醉的 | s given to or marked by the consumption of alcohol | 1 | 6 | 6 | *This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witness]] | /'witnis/ | n. 证人, 目击者, 证据, 证词 | n. someone who sees an event and reports what happened | 1 | 10 | 9 | *And we’ll need to have witnesses who can testify that you were not of uh, sound mind.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divide\|divide]] | /di'vaid/ | vi. 分开, 分配, 分裂 | n. a serious disagreement between two groups of people (typically producing tens | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blink\|blink]] | /bliŋk/ | vi. 眨眼, 闪亮 | n. a reflex that closes and opens the eyes rapidly | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Are you okay? You’re not blinking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impulsively\|impulsively]] |  | adv. 有推动力地 | r in an impulsive or impetuous way; without taking cautions | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn’t something that we just, we just impulsively decide* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#filthy\|filthy]] | /'filθi/ | a. 污秽的, 丑恶的 | s. disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ditch\|ditch]] | /ditʃ/ | n. 沟渠 | n. a long narrow excavation in the earth | 1 | 7 | 6 | *But then we ditch those two and that’s when we get married. We’ll have Chandler’s money and Rachel’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#custody\|custody]] | /'kʌstәdi/ | n. 监护, 拘留, 监禁 | n. holding by the police | 1 | 3 | 3 | *But then we ditch those two and that’s when we get married. We’ll have Chandler’s money and Rachel’s* |
