---
season: 6
episode: "06"
title: "The One The Last Night"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E06 — The One The Last Night

*Written by: Scott Silveri Directed by: David Schwimmer (Yeah, that David Schwimmer.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is balancing a mini hockey stick on his hand as Chandler enters from his room carrying a bunch of bills.

**Chandler:** *(watches Joey for a moment)* Okay! *(Joey quickly moves the hockey stick so that he’s scratching his back with it.)* Listen, I’m gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.

**Joey:** Right! And when is that due?

**Chandler:** First of the month.

**Joey:** And that’s every month?

**Chandler:** No, just the months you actually want to live here.

**Joey:** Ahhh.

**Chandler:** Okay, here is the phone bill. *(Hands it to Joey.)*

**Joey:** *(looking at it)* Oh my God!!

**Chandler:** That’s our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don’t I just—why don’t I just cover you for a while?

**Joey:** No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]]…anymore.

**Chandler:** It’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]], Joe…

**Joey:** No! Forget it! Okay—I mean thanks, but I’m done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what’s next? Come on.

**Chandler:** Okay uh, here’s the electric bill. *(Hands it to him.)*

**Joey:** This is how much we pay for electric?!!!

**Chandler:** Uh, yeah.

*(Joey runs over and shuts off the lights.)*

**Chandler:** So, we’ll do the rest of the bills later then?


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is talking to Phoebe about trying to give Joey some money.

**Phoebe:** So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?

**Chandler:** No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn’t take it.

**Phoebe:** Well, how much do you think he needs?

**Chandler:** I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y’know? But I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] him into taking it so I won’t hurt his [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]].

**Phoebe:** Why don’t you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little [[Friends-词汇总表#skit\|skits]]. Whatever you want.

**Chandler:** Well that would help the [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] thing.

**Monica:** *(entering from her room)* Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?

**Monica:** *(thinks)* Okay.

**Chandler:** Okay! *(They kiss)* So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?

**Monica:** Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we’d go out to dinner and [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** And also, my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]].

**Monica:** It’s not your [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]].

**Phoebe:** What a mean thing to say! I would never tell you it’s not your [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]!

*(Joey and Ross enter.)*

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?

**Chandler:** Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we’d do nothing.

**Ross:** Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season [[Friends-词汇总表#opener\|opener]] tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.

**Joey:** I don’t know Ross, not if you’re gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]].

**Ross:** I did give up a career in basketball to become a [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]]!

**Rachel:** *(entering from her room)* Pheebs, I was wondering…

**Monica:** You’re not dressed yet?! We’re supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!

**Rachel:** Well and clearly not a minute [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]].

**Monica:** Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you’re packed.

**Rachel:** Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.

**Phoebe:** My God, I can’t get a minute of peace around this place.


> [!scene] Cut to Rachel’s bedroom, Phoebe and her are entering. And it’s obvious that she’s not packed.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! Monica’s just gonna kill you.

**Rachel:** Yeah, yeah, I know.

**Phoebe:** Well, what you’re wearing is fine for that.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Rachel, I need to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]]—You’re not packed!!!! You’re not packed even a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]!

**Rachel:** Surprise!!

**Monica:** What?

**Rachel:** No, no don’t get mad because look—this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!

**Monica:** *(grabs a bag of those Styrofoam peanuts)* I’ll be [[Friends-词汇总表#coordinator\|coordinator]]! Oh my God! I’m so sorry, I didn’t get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can’t you Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** I have plans.

**Monica:** You’re plans were with us.

**Phoebe:** That’s right.

**Monica:** All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]], and Joey can [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!

**Phoebe:** Okay.

**Monica:** Okay! *(To Rachel)* Oh my God, thank you!!


> [!scene] Cut to living room, Phoebe enters and closes Rachel’s door behind her.

**Phoebe:** Hurry! Monica’s gonna make you pack! She’s got jobs for everyone! Now, it’s too late for me, but save your selves! *(The guys scramble for the door.)*

**Monica:** *(entering and interrupting the guy’s escape attempt)* Okay! The [[Friends-词汇总表#mover\|movers]] will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we’re gonna start with…

**Chandler:** Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.

**Monica:** I thought you said you were going to do nothing.

**Chandler:** Yes, but for the last time.

**Monica:** Okay fine, now Ross…

**Ross:** Oh, but-but I can’t do it.

**Monica:** Why not?

**Joey:** *(quietly)* I’ve got Ben.

**Ross:** Because, because I’ve got Ben.

**Monica:** It’s almost 8 o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]], it’s almost past his [[Friends-词汇总表#bedtime\|bedtime]]. Where-where is he?

**Chandler:** He’s at a dinner party.

**Monica:** Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!

**Ross:** Of course he is! What, do you think I’d just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?

**Monica:** All right, sorry. *(Goes back to Rachel’s room.)*

**Ross:** *(to the guys)* I gotta go make a [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] Ben.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is entering carrying two pizzas.

**Joey:** Here it is! Our last [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizzas]] together as [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommates]].

**Chandler:** Oh, I wish I’d know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.

**Joey:** Oh that’s okay. Hey, actually in a way it’s kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my [[Friends-词汇总表#ancestor\|ancestors]], you, the food of yours!

*(Chandler stares at him, dumbfounded, then finally agrees.)*

**Chandler:** Say, Joe, I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] for money?

**Joey:** What, are you crazy? You haven’t [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beaten]] me once since my [[Friends-词汇总表#injury\|injury]] [[Friends-词汇总表#plague\|plagued]] ’97 season. It would be [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] if you just give me your money.

**Chandler:** Yes it would. What do you say to $50?

**Joey:** Okay, you’re on.

**Chandler:** Okay, let’s play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.

*(They start playing.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s bedroom, she’s in her closet bringing down her pair of roller blades from a top shelf.

**Rachel:** Ohhhhhh, look it’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#roller\|roller]] [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blades]].

**Monica:** *(starting to cry)* Oh God!

**Rachel:** You remember when we got these?

**Monica:** No.

**Rachel:** I guess you weren’t there. *(They hug.)*

**Phoebe:** You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time… *(She starts laughing hysterically.)* You don’t remember?

**Rachel:** I’m sorry Pheebs, I guess I’m just really said that I’m leaving.

**Monica:** I’m gonna miss you so much.

**Phoebe:** Well, this doesn’t have to be so sad though. Y’know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you’re gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you’re not gonna miss.

**Monica:** I don’t think there’s anything.

**Phoebe:** Come on, there’s gotta be something.

**Monica:** Nope, she’s perfect.

**Rachel:** I have one.

**Phoebe:** Good! Great! You can go first.

**Rachel:** Uh well, I guess I’m not gonna miss the fact that you’re never allowed to move the phone [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]]. *(Laughs. Monica lags behind the laugh a little bit.)*

**Phoebe:** Good that’s a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Y’know? Does Rachel move the phone [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]]?

**Monica:** Aw, sometimes. Always, actually.

**Phoebe:** Okay, good. There you go. Doesn’t anyone feel better?

**Monica:** Not just the phone [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]]. I never get my messages.

**Rachel:** You get your messages!

**Monica:** Yeah, well I don’t think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]].

**Rachel:** So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?

**Phoebe:** Great! It worked! No one’s sad.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, they are just finishing up another game of foosball.

**Joey:** *(scores)* Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That’s like 500 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me! Whoo-ho-hoo! *(Goes over to the fridge and starts opening and closing the door rapidly.)* $500 that is a loooot of [[Friends-词汇总表#electricity\|electricity]]! *(By the way, there’s nothing in the fridge.)* Whoo-ho-ho! *(Notices the sparseness of the fridge.)* I gotta buy some food.

**Chandler:** Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.

**Joey:** You serious?

**Chandler:** Oh yes!

**Joey:** Okay, get ready to [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me!

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Joey:** Okay, here we go. Ready?


> [!scene] In slow motion, as some haunty demonic music plays in the background, Joey throws the ball in, Chandler quits playing and goes for his Chinese food. Joey smacks the ball really hard, shooting it down the table. Chandler slowly takes a bite, the ball bounces off of the wall, heads back up the table, and scores the goal for Chandler.

**Chandler:** No! No! No! No—*(Joey looks at him)*—one can [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] me.

*(In frustration, Joey kicks the table, breaking it.)*

**Chandler:** See? Now, that’s why only the little [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] men are supposed to do all the kicking.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the phone rings and Monica answers it as Rachel and Phoebe move a box into the living room.

**Monica:** Hello? *(Listens)* Oh, hi Ross! *(To Rachel)* See? Other people call me!

**Rachel:** Ooh, your brother. Score!

**Monica:** *(on phone)* What’s up?

**Ross:** Oh, I’m just over here with Ben. I thought we’d say hi.

**Monica:** Oh, put him on!

**Ross:** Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. *(He holds the phone to the fake Ben he has created out of a pumpkin.)* Oh, I guess he doesn’t feel like talking right now. He’s [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]] though! Okay, talk to you later.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s bedroom, Rachel is entering carrying two glasses of wine. She gives one to Phoebe, keeps one, and completely ignores Monica.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the [[Friends-词汇总表#roller\|roller]] [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blades]]?

**Rachel:** You know what else I’m not gonna miss? "I’m Monica. I [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"

**Monica:** "Hi I’m Rachel, is my [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] too [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]]? No? Oh, I’d better [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] it and [[Friends-词汇总表#shrink\|shrink]] it!"

**Rachel:** "I’m Monica, I don’t get phone messages from interesting people. Ever!"

**Phoebe:** Hey! I call her!

**Monica:** "Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"

**Rachel:** "Oh my God, I can’t find a boyfriend! So I guess I’ll just [[Friends-词汇总表#stumble\|stumble]] across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"

*(Monica picks up one of those boxes of hair curling things, dumps it in a box, and storms out.)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservations]]. *(Phoebe dumps a drawer full of makeup into a box.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is examining the broken foosball table as Chandler enters from his room.

**Chandler:** Still broken?

**Joey:** This sucks man! The last night you’re here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] table and $500.

**Chandler:** Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack? *(Holds up a deck of cards.)*

**Joey:** Nah, not my game.

**Chandler:** Okay, uh, how about, how about—y’know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it’s fun.

**Joey:** Well, what’s it called?

**Chandler:** Cups.

**Joey:** I don’t know how to play Cups.

**Chandler:** I’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] ya! Come on, come on, it’s really easy and really, really fun.

**Joey:** All right.

**Chandler:** Okay, here you go. *(He deals out two cards each.)* I have two queens, what do you have?

**Joey:** A two and a five.

**Chandler:** Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!

**Joey:** Really?!

**Chandler:** Oh yeah! Okay, let’s play again. *(He deals out two cards each again.)* What do you got?

**Joey:** A four and a [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]].

**Chandler:** You’re kidding right?

**Joey:** No. Why?

**Chandler:** Well that’s a full cup! *(Pays him again.)*

**Joey:** Damn! I am good at Cups!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is whining to Phoebe about Rachel.

**Monica:** I’m not talking to her!

**Phoebe:** Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she’s the one who’s leaving. It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] for her!

**Monica:** Well, maybe you’re right—She made fun of my phone [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]]!

**Phoebe:** I know, I took it hard too.

*(Monica goes into Rachel’s room.)*

**Monica:** Listen Rachel, I feel really bad about—What are you doing? *(She sees that Rachel is unpacking.)*

**Rachel:** I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpacking]]!

**Monica:** What?!

**Rachel:** I’m not moving! *(She re-hangs a picture, crookedly.)* Is that picture straight?

**Monica:** It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!

**Rachel:** Hey, y’know what? You’re the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!

**Monica:** Because it’s my apartment!

**Rachel:** Well it’s mine too! What else you got?!

**Monica:** How about, you’re moving!! *(Grabs a bunch of clothes and throws them into a box. What follows is a brief sequence of Rachel unpacking and Monica packing the same stuff over and over again as Rachel chants "No." and Monica chants "Yes.")*

**Rachel:** Look! This is [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]. We should be packing you!! *(She knocks over Monica, grabs a box, and runs into the kitchen.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey, how are you guys doing?

**Rachel:** Great! Monica’s moving!

**Monica:** *(entering)* I am not!

**Rachel:** Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?! *(Monica starts chasing Rachel around the table.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what’s going on here. Okay, you guys… STOP!! *(They stop.)* I know that, I know that you’re acting mad because you think that it’ll make it [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] to leave. But deep down you’re still really sad. Deep-deep down.

**Monica:** No Phoebe I am mad!

**Phoebe:** Well, deep-deep-deep down!

**Rachel:** Yeah, I’m just mad!

**Phoebe:** Then keep running. *(They resume the chase.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, they’re still playing Cups.

**Chandler:** You win.

**Joey:** Well, what did you have?

**Chandler:** It doesn’t matter because nothing [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beats]] a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?

**Joey:** Uh, *(counts the money)* wow, 700.

**Chandler:** Not 700 exactly?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Double it! *(He does.)*

**Joey:** What?

**Chandler:** Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.

**Joey:** Really?

**Chandler:** Hey, I didn’t make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling [[Friends-词汇总表#bonus\|bonus]], you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. *(Joey gets excited.)* Don’t get to excited because that’s not gonna happen unless you get—No way! *(He takes the top card, which is the two of clubs. Of course, any card would’ve won. Chandler pays him.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica carries a box out of Rachel’s room.

**Monica:** Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I’m just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"

**Rachel:** Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.

**Phoebe:** Hey you guys, I don’t mean to make things worse, but umm, I don’t want to live with Rachel anymore. Monica and Rachel: What?!

**Phoebe:** You’re just so mean to each other! And I don’t want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!

**Rachel:** Well, Phoebe that’s fine because I’m not moving.

**Monica:** Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y’know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y’know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]].

**Rachel:** Oh really? Like what Monica?

**Monica:** Y’know she has 147,000 [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pairs]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]]…

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, good start Mon.

**Monica:** She lets you [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] them.

**Rachel:** Yeah and you [[Friends-词汇总表#stretch\|stretch]] ‘em out with your big old [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] feet.

**Monica:** Do you wanna live outside?! Because it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]]’ cold! *(To Phoebe)* She gets [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|tons]] of catalogs and umm, she’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|fold]] down the pages of the things she thinks that I’d like.

**Phoebe:** What else?

**Monica:** When I take a shower, she [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] me little notes on the [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]].

**Rachel:** Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.

**Phoebe:** That’s nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.

**Monica:** When I fall [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] after reading, she covers me over with a [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]].

**Rachel:** Well y’know, I don’t want you to be cold.

**Monica:** And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]]. *(To Rachel)* *(Starts to cry)* You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!! *(They both break down in tears.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, it’s gonna be fine.

**Phoebe:** Okay Rachel, I can’t wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We’ll have so much fun!!

**Rachel:** But honey, I think she’s moving in with Chandler.

**Phoebe:** Oh that’s right. You’re still set on that?

**Monica:** Kinda. *(She hugs Phoebe and looks out the window. She moves closer to it to get a better look.)* Oh my God!


> [!scene] Cut to Ross’s apartment, he’s watching TV and eating some popcorn as the phone rings.

**Ross:** *(answering the phone)* Hello? *(Listens)* Hey Mon, how’s the packing going? *(Listens)* Ben? He’s fine. Yeah, he’s right—Oh my God! *(He looks over at the fake Ben and notices that the head has fallen off.)* Get your head of your shirt there son! *(He tries to push the pumpkin through the neck hole.)* What? *(Listens)* Yeah, it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]]. I’ll come pack.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, (Ohh, that’s the last time I’m ever gonna type that line. It’s just so sad.) Joey is entering, angrily.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** What’s wrong?

**Joey:** Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!

**Chandler:** Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!

**Joey:** The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]]! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin’ Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn’t even get half a cup! Nothin’!!

**Chandler:** Oh man!!

**Joey:** And he never played before either! Y’know what I think? I think [[Friends-词汇总表#beginner\|beginner]]’s luck, very important in Cups.

**Chandler:** All right, let’s play one more hand! One more!

**Joey:** No, no, no more! I cannot lose another [[Friends-词汇总表#dime\|dime]]! I’m serious this time! In-in fact, look, there’s a—I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I [[Friends-词汇总表#pawn\|pawn]] it for Cups money. *(He rolls the big white dog over)* Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y’know, thank you for being such a great [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]].

**Chandler:** I can’t take the big white dog! You love it!

**Joey:** It’s him, not it!

**Chandler:** No, but wait—what if I bought it from you, y’know? And your nice [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] would be giving it to me at a [[Friends-词汇总表#reasonable\|reasonable]] price, say *(Gets choked up)* $1,500?

**Joey:** Wait a second, I see what you’re trying to do here! You-you’re trying to give me money again!

**Chandler:** When did I try to give you money?

**Joey:** Over there! *(Points to the couch)* Before, with the bills! You tried to give some [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]], I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we [[Friends-词汇总表#gamble\|gambled]], nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!

**Chandler:** I’m just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you’re okay.

**Joey:** I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can’t take care of myself. Okay? Look, I’m not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I’m gonna miss…is you. And now the dog.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's, (And that’s the last time for that line, no more Chandler and Joey’s or Monica and Rachel’s, ever!) Joey and Ross are carrying the last table of Rachel’s. Rachel follows slowly, but is stopped by Monica.

**Monica:** Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Monica:** I’m really gonna miss you.

*(They hug.)*

**Rachel:** Oh! I have your key. Here you go. *(Hands it to Monica.)*

**Monica:** Thanks.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

*(Silence ensues.)*

**Rachel:** Oh God! This is [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]], I’m gonna see you in a couple of hours!

*(They hug again.)*

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Bye house!

*(They break the embrace.)*

**Rachel:** Bye Mon.

**Monica:** Bye.

*(Monica closes the door and slowly walks into Rachel’s old and now empty room.)*

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey.

**Monica:** She really left.

**Chandler:** I know. *(He kisses her.)*

**Monica:** Thank you.

**Chandler:** No problem [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]]. *(She turns around and hugs him.)*

**Monica:** Can I ask you a question?

**Chandler:** Sure!

**Monica:** What the hell is that dog doing here?! *(She notices the dog sitting in the living room.)*

*(And with that, an era ends as Chandler moves in with Monica as Rachel moves in with Phoebe. It ‘tis a sad and happy time for Friends.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s apartment, Chandler is trying to get Joey’s money back from Ross.

**Chandler:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invented]] the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.

**Ross:** And now you want that money back.

**Chandler:** Exactly.

**Ross:** Chandler, what kind of an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] do you take me for? *(As he picks up the fake Ben.)*

**Chandler:** It’s not a real game! I made it up!

**Ross:** I’m sorry you lost your money, but I won it fair and square.

**Chandler:** At a [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] game!!

**Ross:** Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I’d be glad to play you for it. But I should [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] you, I am very good at Cups.

**Chandler:** Okay! Now I [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] the Saucer card came up when you played last.

**Ross:** No.

**Chandler:** Hmm, let’s see if it comes up this time. *(He looks at his cards and shrugs.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（44）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 5 | 72 | 52 | *Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we’d go out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 5 | 442 | 191 | *I guess you weren’t there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 4 | 130 | 71 | *No, no don’t get mad because look—this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "W* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 3 | 254 | 104 | *So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 3 | 215 | 100 | *Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we’d go out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 3 | 101 | 74 | *This sucks man! The last night you’re here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Bye house!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *You’re not dressed yet?! We’re supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 2 | 182 | 101 | *"Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 2 | 118 | 88 | *Not 700 exactly?* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity…anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *No! Forget it! Okay—I mean thanks, but I’m done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myse* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y’know? But I have to trick him into taking i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Why don’t you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Why don’t you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Why don’t you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we’d do nothing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear toni* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear toni* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Oh my God! Monica’s just gonna kill you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Surprise!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *No, no don’t get mad because look—this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "W* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *No, no don’t get mad because look—this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "W* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Of course he is! What, do you think I’d just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Oh that’s okay. Hey, actually in a way it’s kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *What, are you crazy? You haven’t beaten me once since my injury plagued ’97 season. It would be easi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Okay, let’s play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *See? Now, that’s why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *"Oh my God, I can’t find a boyfriend! So I guess I’ll just stumble across the hall and sleep with th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *"Oh my God, I can’t find a boyfriend! So I guess I’ll just stumble across the hall and sleep with th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *This sucks man! The last night you’re here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *You’re kidding right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Damn! I am good at Cups!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Well it’s mine too! What else you got?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Hey, I didn’t make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I’m just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Hey you guys, I don’t mean to make things worse, but umm, I don’t want to live with Rachel anymore. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity…anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *That’s nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *And he never played before either! Y’know what I think? I think beginner’s luck, very important in C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell is that dog doing here?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I’d be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you* |

### 常用词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] | /pen/ | n. 钢笔, 笔, 笔调, 笔杆子, 作家, 围栏, 栅栏, 禽畜 | n. a writing implement with a point from which ink flows | 4 | 22 | 11 | *Uh well, I guess I’m not gonna miss the fact that you’re never allowed to move the phone pen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 3 | 152 | 44 | *And also, my birthday.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 3 | 51 | 37 | *I gotta go make a fake Ben.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 古生物学者 | n. a specialist in paleontology | 2 | 18 | 14 | *I don’t know Ross, not if you’re gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 2 | 62 | 47 | *Rachel, I need to borrow—You’re not packed!!!! You’re not packed even a little bit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foosball\|foosball]] | /'fuzbɔl/ | n. 桌上足球 |  | 2 | 14 | 11 | *Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a lit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 2 | 28 | 26 | *What, are you crazy? You haven’t beaten me once since my injury plagued ’97 season. It would be easi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 2 | 65 | 36 | *Yeah, well I don’t think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 2 | 75 | 47 | *Yeah, well I don’t think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 2 | 58 | 41 | *Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That’s like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo!  $500 that is a loooot of el* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 2 | 22 | 20 | *You know what else I’m not gonna miss? "I’m Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 2 | 79 | 44 | *Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y’know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y’* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Ahhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y’know? But I have to trick him into taking i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we’d go out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 1 | 38 | 14 | *Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] | /'su:nә/ | n. (美)(非正式)抢先占有土地者, 抢先而获得不正当利益的人 | r. comparatives of `soon' or `early' | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Well and clearly not a minute sooner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lousy\|lousy]] | /'lauzi/ | a. 污秽的, 恶心的, 生虱的 | s. infested with lice | 1 | 13 | 13 | *No, no don’t get mad because look—this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "W* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 1 | 27 | 23 | *All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] | /lift/ | n. 举起, 帮助, 昂扬, 电梯 | n. the act of giving temporary assistance | 1 | 20 | 17 | *All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Hurry! Monica’s gonna make you pack! She’s got jobs for everyone! Now, it’s too late for me, but sav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *It’s almost 8 o’clock, it’s almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] | /streindʒ/ | a. 奇怪的, 陌生的, 生疏的, 不熟悉的, 不可思议的, 外行的, 外地的, 异乡的 | a. being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a b | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a lit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *What, are you crazy? You haven’t beaten me once since my injury plagued ’97 season. It would be easi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That’s like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo!  $500 that is a loooot of el* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 60 | 37 | *Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica.  Oh, I guess he doesn’t feel like talking right now. He’s smiling though* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica.  Oh, I guess he doesn’t feel like talking right now. He’s smiling though* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 1 | 29 | 21 | *You know what else I’m not gonna miss? "I’m Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *"Hi I’m Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I’d better wash it and shrink it!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 1 | 23 | 19 | *"Hi I’m Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I’d better wash it and shrink it!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservation]] | /.rezә'veiʃәn/ | n. 保留, 预定, 保留品, 保留地 | n. a district that is reserved for particular purpose | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *I’ll teach ya! Come on, come on, it’s really easy and really, really fun.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 1 | 32 | 24 | *A four and a nine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she’s the one who’s leavi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Look! This is ridiculous. We should be packing you!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] | /pєә/ | n. 一双, 一对, 一副 | n. a set of two similar things considered as a unit | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Y’know she has 147,000 pairs of boots…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] | /klaun/ | n. 小丑, 乡下人 | n. a rude or vulgar fool | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Yeah and you stretch ‘em out with your big old clown feet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Do you wanna live outside?! Because it’s gettin’ cold!  She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she’ll fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] | /tʌn/ | n. 吨 | n a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Do you wanna live outside?! Because it’s gettin’ cold!  She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she’ll fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]] | /sә'pɔ:tiv/ | a. 支撑, 支承, 资助, 赞助, 支援, 经受, 忍受, 扶养, 证实, 鼓励, 维持, 伴奏 | a. furnishing support or assistance | 1 | 22 | 15 | *And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive.   You we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nothin\|nothin]] |  | n. (Nothin)人名；(瑞典)诺廷 |  | 1 | 18 | 13 | *The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I ge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] | /'dʒestʃә/ | n. 手势, 姿态 | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling | 1 | 15 | 14 | *No, but wait—what if I bought it from you, y’know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *Oh God! This is silly, I’m gonna see you in a couple of hours!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invent]] | /in'vent/ | vt. 发明, 创作, 虚构 | v. come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a menta | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *Chandler, what kind of an idiot do you take me for?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] | /wɒ:n/ | vt. 警告, 提醒, 通知 | v. notify of danger, potential harm, or risk | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I’d be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.* |

### 低频词（33）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] | /'tʃæriti/ | n. 慈悲, 博爱, 慈善团体, 施舍 | n. a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any pa | 3 | 42 | 9 | *No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity…anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] | /praid/ | n. 骄傲, 自尊心, 自豪, 精华, 勇气 | n. a feeling of self-respect and personal worth | 2 | 11 | 9 | *I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y’know? But I have to trick him into taking i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roller\|roller]] | /'rәulә/ | n. 滚筒, 滚轴, 压路机 | n. a grounder that rolls along the infield | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Ohhhhhh, look it’s the roller blades.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blade]] | /bleid/ | n. 叶片, 刀锋, 刀口, 剑 | n. especially a leaf of grass or the broad portion of a leaf as distinct from th | 2 | 8 | 6 | *Ohhhhhh, look it’s the roller blades.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bonus\|bonus]] | /'bәunәs/ | n. 奖金, 红利 | n. anything that tends to arouse | 2 | 9 | 5 | *Hey, I didn’t make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skit\|skit]] | /skit/ | n. 讽刺文, 戏文, 小喜剧 | n. a short theatrical episode | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Why don’t you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opener\|opener]] | /'әupәnә/ | n. 开...的人, 开局人, 开创人, 开具, 开启工具, 首项 | n. the first event in a series | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coordinator\|coordinator]] | /kәu'ɒ:dineitә/ | n. 协调者, 同等的人或物 | n. someone whose task is to see that work goes harmoniously | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’ll be coordinator! Oh my God! I’m so sorry, I didn’t get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mover\|mover]] | /'mu:vә/ | n. 移动的人, 原动力, 鼓动者 | n. workman employed by a moving company | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedtime\|bedtime]] | /'bedtaim/ | n. 就寝时间 | n. the time you go to bed | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s almost 8 o’clock, it’s almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ancestor\|ancestor]] | /'ænsestә/ | n. 祖先, 祖宗 | n. someone from whom you are descended (but usually more remote than a grandpare | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh that’s okay. Hey, actually in a way it’s kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#injury\|injury]] | /'indʒәri/ | n. 伤害, 侮辱 | n. any physical damage to the body caused by violence or accident or fracture et | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What, are you crazy? You haven’t beaten me once since my injury plagued ’97 season. It would be easi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plague\|plague]] | /pleig/ | n. 瘟疫, 天罚, 麻烦, 灾祸 | n. a serious (sometimes fatal) infection of rodents caused by Yersinia pestis an | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What, are you crazy? You haven’t beaten me once since my injury plagued ’97 season. It would be easi* |
| ohhhhhh |  | [网络] 哦；永永远远 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ohhhhhh, look it’s the roller blades.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#electricity\|electricity]] | /.ilek'trisiti/ | n. 电, 电流, 电学, 热情, 电力供应 | n. a physical phenomenon associated with stationary or moving electrons and prot | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That’s like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo!  $500 that is a loooot of el* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shrink\|shrink]] | /ʃriŋk/ | n. 收缩, 萎缩, 回避 | v. reduce in size; reduce physically | 1 | 7 | 6 | *"Hi I’m Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I’d better wash it and shrink it!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stumble\|stumble]] | /'stʌmbl/ | n. 绊倒, 蹒跚而行, 失足 | v. walk unsteadily | 1 | 2 | 2 | *"Oh my God, I can’t find a boyfriend! So I guess I’ll just stumble across the hall and sleep with th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blackjack\|blackjack]] | /'blækdʒæk/ | n. 闪锌矿；扑克牌的二十一点；包革金属棍棒 | n. a piece of metal covered by leather with a flexible handle; used for hitting  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unpack\|unpack]] | /.ʌn'pæk/ | vt. 从包裹中取出, 卸下, 打开 | v. remove from its packing | 1 | 9 | 7 | *I’m unpacking!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stretch\|stretch]] | /stretʃ/ | n. 伸展, 张开, 连绵, 一段路, 一段时间 | n. a large and unbroken expanse or distance | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Yeah and you stretch ‘em out with your big old clown feet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|fold]] | /fәuld/ | n. 折层, 折, 羊栏, 折痕, 信徒 | n. an angular or rounded shape made by folding | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Do you wanna live outside?! Because it’s gettin’ cold!  She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she’ll fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]] | /'blæŋkit/ | n. 毛毯, 毯子 | n. bedding that keeps a person warm in bed | 1 | 11 | 9 | *When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] | /'pʌmpkin/ | n. 南瓜 | n. a coarse vine widely cultivated for its large pulpy round orange fruit with f | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Hello?  Hey Mon, how’s the packing going?  Ben? He’s fine. Yeah, he’s right—Oh my God!  Get your hea* |
| bamn |  | [网络] 通过一切意味着必要(By All Means Necessary) |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I ge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]] | /bu:m/ | n. 繁荣, 隆隆声 | n. a deep prolonged loud noise | 1 | 11 | 8 | *The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I ge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meanwhile\|meanwhile]] | /'mi:nhwail/ | n. 其时, 其间 | r. at the same time but in another place | 1 | 6 | 6 | *The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I ge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beginner\|beginner]] | /bi'ginә/ | n. 初学者 | n someone new to a field or activity | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And he never played before either! Y’know what I think? I think beginner’s luck, very important in C* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dime\|dime]] | /daim/ | n. 10分硬币(美、加) | n. a United States coin worth one tenth of a dollar | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I’m serious this time! In-in fact, look, there’s a—I wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pawn\|pawn]] | /pɒ:n/ | n. 典当, 抵押物, 人质, (象棋)兵, 马前卒, 工具 | n. an article deposited as security | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I’m serious this time! In-in fact, look, there’s a—I wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reasonable\|reasonable]] | /'ri:znәbl/ | a. 合理的, 明理的, 适当的 | a. showing reason or sound judgment | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, but wait—what if I bought it from you, y’know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gamble\|gamble]] | /'gæmbl/ | n. 赌博, 冒险 | n. money that is risked for possible monetary gain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Over there!  Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Ok* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]] | /'ru:mi/ | n. 住在同室的人 | n an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 8 | 8 | *No problem roomie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saucer\|saucer]] | /'sɒ:sә/ | n. 茶碟, 茶托 | n. a small shallow dish for holding a cup at the table | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.* |
