---
season: 6
episode: "19"
title: "The One With Joey&#146;s Fridge"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E19 — The One With Joey&#146;s Fridge

*Teleplay by: Gigi McCreery & Perry Rein*

*Story by: Seth Kurland*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and now Rachel's apartment, Joey has the fridge pulled out away from the wall and is in the process of pulling off the cooling grate behind it.

**Joey:** Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! *(He grabs a screwdriver and starts to attack the compressor, only he causes a small short circuit and shocks himself.)* Ah-ah!! Damn [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]!

*(Rachel enters from her new room.)*

**Rachel:** Hi Joey, how ya doin’?

**Joey:** Great! Roomie!

**Rachel:** Huh, yeah I guess we are [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommates]] now.

**Joey:** Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.

**Rachel:** I’m not paying for half of that! I’m only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.

**Joey:** Look Rach, my parents bought this [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya’?

**Rachel:** That [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerators]] don’t live as long as people.

**Joey:** All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I’ll take a check for the other hundred.

**Rachel:** You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#jokin\|jokin]]’ right?

**Joey:** Of course I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#jokin\|jokin]]’! I don’t take checks.

**Rachel:** Thank God you’re pretty. *(Exits.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are there as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Hey!

**All:** Hi! Hey!

**Rachel:** Do you guys know any cute guys?

**Chandler:** Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here. *(Pats Joey’s arm, Joey pats Chandler’s shoulder, and Chandler motions for Joey to say the same about him.)*

**Joey:** Oh, I’m sorry. Thank you Chandler.

**Rachel:** Anyway, there’s this big [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go…

**Monica:** What’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]]?

**Rachel:** I don’t know, something either trees or disease—Ralph [[Friends-词汇总表#mumble\|mumbles]] a lot.

**Monica:** Does Ralph [[Friends-词汇总表#mumble\|mumble]] when you’re not paying attention?

**Rachel:** Yeah! It’s weird. But the thing is need to find a date.

**Phoebe:** Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?

**Rachel:** Well, someone that has his own [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]], or has the ability to rent a tux.

**Chandler:** So he has to be a male who has at least $50.

**Joey:** Ooh! So close.

*(Ross and Elizabeth enter.)*

**Ross:** Hey everybody!

**All:** Hi!

**Ross:** Hey uh, this is Elizabeth.

**Elizabeth:** Oh hi!

**All:** Hi!

**Elizabeth:** I’m the student.

**Chandler:** *(laughs)* Isn’t she cute? *(On Monica’s death stare)* No!

**Phoebe:** Y’know, this is probably none of my business, but weren’t you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?

**Elizabeth:** Oh, we’re not together.

**Ross:** Oh no-no-no, we’re just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house. *(He winks at her.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#sly\|sly]].

**Elizabeth:** Well, I really wanted to meet you guys, but I have to run. I’ll see you later?

**All:** Okay!

**Elizabeth:** Bye Ross.

**Ross:** Bye.

*(They kiss.)*

**Elizabeth:** Oops! I did not mean to run into you like that [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Ross:** Oh that is quite all right ma’am. *(Elizabeth exits.)*

**Chandler:** So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#homework\|homework]] to do?

**Ross:** Yes, her [[Friends-词汇总表#molecular\|molecular]] [[Friends-词汇总表#epidemiology\|epidemiology]] paper is due tomorrow.

**Chandler:** Oh, tell her good luck with that.

**Ross:** Anyone else? Huh? Bring ‘em on!

**Rachel:** Oo! When’s her [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]]?!

**Ross:** I don’t know Rachel, why?

**Rachel:** Well, y’know it’s just been so long since I’ve been to Chuckie Cheese.

**Monica:** Oh, I like Elizabeth.

**Ross:** Well thanks!

**Monica:** Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]] early this year! Y’know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.

**Joey:** Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how’s it going with her?

**Ross:** Well, actually it’s been great. She’s 20 so she’s not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.

**Monica:** Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.

**Ross:** Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are…

**Phoebe:** *(interrupting)* Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is sitting at the table and Monica is doing something in the kitchen.

**Monica:** Chandler, do you think we talk about our relationship enough?

**Chandler:** Yeah. Do we have any Fruit Roll-Ups?

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Okay, I just thought of the perfect guy for Rachel to take to her thing.

**Chandler:** Oh that’s so funny because we found someone too.

**Phoebe:** Oh that’s good, I guess she’ll have a choice between my guy and your [[Friends-词汇总表#weirdo\|weirdo]].

**Chandler:** Why would our guy be a [[Friends-词汇总表#weirdo\|weirdo]]?

**Phoebe:** ‘Cause that’s just your [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]].

**Monica:** *(laughs sarcastically)* Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah?

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** My guy is a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] who has [[Friends-词汇总表#volunteer\|volunteer]] work. And, he has one of these *(She squeezes the skin on her chin together to form…)*

**Chandler:** A face ass?

**Phoebe:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dimple\|dimple]]!

**Monica:** Well, uh y’know, our guy works with Chandler and he’s really nice and smart and he’s a great [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]]!

**Phoebe:** Have you seen your guy’s body?

**Chandler:** No, our guy is just a [[Friends-词汇总表#float\|floating]] head.

**Phoebe:** Well my guy is [[Friends-词汇总表#spectacular\|spectacular]]. Okay? He’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.

**Monica:** You’re not supposed to look!

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah, like there are police for that!

**Chandler:** *(horrified)* Wait! You look? You-you [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massaged]] me.

**Phoebe:** I know. *(Laughs.)*

**Monica:** All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really funny.

**Phoebe:** Oh, Chandler funny?

**Monica:** Our guy’s a great [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]]!

**Phoebe:** My guy is well read.

**Chandler:** Our guy has great hair.

**Phoebe:** My guy has great [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]]!

**Chandler:** Our guy smells incredible.

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* Do you want our guy to be your guy?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Chandler is entering to find Joey bingeing on the food from the fridge. Joey isn’t doing all that well.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Joey:** Huh.

**Chandler:** Well, you…don’t look good Joe.

**Joey:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]], [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|limes]]—Hey, what was in that brown [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]]?

**Chandler:** That’s still in there?!

**Joey:** Not anymore. So anyway, how do you want to pay me?

**Chandler:** Is this a service you’re providing me?

**Joey:** No! No! No! For my new [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]—our new fridge!

**Chandler:** Our new [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]? I don’t live here anymore.

**Joey:** So what? Look, suppose we were a divorced couple.

**Chandler:** Uh-huh.

**Joey:** And I got [[Friends-词汇总表#custody\|custody]] of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.

**Chandler:** *(not quite sure where Joey’s going and is a little worried)* Okay…

**Joey:** *(pause)* Give me $400!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s office, he’s unlocking his office door as Elizabeth walks up.

**Elizabeth:** Professor Geller?

**Ross:** Hmm? *(Turns around and sees that its Elizabeth)* Oh, a student I don’t know.

**Elizabeth:** I was wondering if I could talk to you for a moment?

**Ross:** Yes, yes of course, what-what would this be [[Friends-词汇总表#regard\|regarding]]?

**Elizabeth:** Making out in your office.

**Ross:** Shh! *(Laughs then composes himself)* Of course, why don’t we go inside?

*(They go inside and Ross closes the door. When he turns around Elizabeth walks up to him, pushes him back against the door, and starts kissing him.)*

**Ross:** Oh-ooh!

**Elizabeth:** What?

**Ross:** Doorknob! Doorknob!

**Elizabeth:** Oh! Sorry! Umm, I actually do need to talk to you.

**Ross:** Oh, okay. What-what about?

**Elizabeth:** Spring vacation.

**Ross:** Spring vacation.

**Elizabeth:** Yeah, we have time off and a lot of people are going on trips…

*(Another professor barges in.)*

**Professor Feesen:** Professor Geller!

**Ross:** *(quickly jumping away from Elizabeth)* Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger… I’ll be with you in one moment. *(To Elizabeth)* So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints. *(And he ushers Elizabeth out of the office.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Ross, Chandler, and Joey are entering.

**Ross:** You don’t understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]]?! No, I’m not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?

**Chandler:** Just tell her the truth! Tell her you’re not ready.

**Ross:** I can do that. Oh-oh, what if she gets upset?

**Chandler:** Then you [[Friends-词汇总表#distract\|distract]] her with a Barbie [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]].

**Joey:** Or! You can just, y’know… *(He walks up close to whisper in Ross’s ear and when he gets there he pushes Ross into the fridge.)*

**Ross:** What the hell are you doing?

**Joey:** What? What the hell am I doing? You just broke my [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]!

**Ross:** What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!

**Joey:** Oh-ho-ho, you think I don’t know what breaks my [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]? Excuse me!

*(He opens the door and feels inside.) Well what do you know! Broken! That’ll be $400!*

**Chandler:** Joey, I saw you [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] him!

**Joey:** *(pause)* You [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushed]] him!

**Ross:** Joey, I did not break this! Okay? *(He opens the freezer and smells inside and recoils in disgust.)* That has been broken for a while.

**Joey:** All right. Chandler, do you remember how I told you about our [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]?

**Chandler:** Uh-huh.

**Joey:** I still haven’t gotten a check for your half yet.

**Ross:** Do not give him any money!

**Joey:** I’m not talking to you! You broke my [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s office, he’s opening the door to Elizabeth.

**Elizabeth:** You wanted to see me Professor Geller?

**Ross:** Yes. Yes! Please, come in.

*(She does so, he closes the door, and she pushes him against the doorknob again.)*

**Ross:** Oo-oo!

**Elizabeth:** Doorknob?

**Ross:** Yeah, it kinda grows on you. *(They both laugh.)* Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.

**Elizabeth:** Oh good.

**Ross:** Look, I… *(He has trouble sitting in his chair.)* Look, I’m having a great time with you and I just don’t want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I’m sorry I just don’t think we should go away together yet. It’s-it’s too soon.

**Elizabeth:** Ross, I think you [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstood]] what I was saying. I just wanted to tell you that I’m going to Florida for a couple weeks.

**Ross:** No. I think you [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstood]] what I was saying. What I meant was…

**Elizabeth:** You are so [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]].

**Ross:** That! Let’s talk about that.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe are there as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey! How did it go with Elizabeth?

**Ross:** Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstanding]]. She didn’t want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she’s going to Florida for spring vacation.

**Chandler:** Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break? *(Does a little whooping/party noise.)*

**Ross:** What’s-what’s the difference?

**Monica:** Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your [[Friends-词汇总表#grandparent\|grandparents]]. Spring break you’re doing [[Friends-词汇总表#frat\|frat]] guys.

**Ross:** Hey, y’know what? Not all spring breaks are like that.

**Phoebe:** What did you do on yours?

**Ross:** I went to Egypt with my dad.

**Chandler:** I can see it now, "Look dad, it’s the Sphinx!" *(Does that party noise again.)*

**Ross:** Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!" *(Imitates the party noise.)* All right? I mean she’s taken my class!

**Monica:** And slept with the professor.

**Ross:** I’m gonna call her.

**Chandler:** Yeah.

*(Ross leaves to do so and Rachel enters with a guy.)*

**Rachel:** Hey! You guys umm, I want you to meet Sebastian.

**Sebastian:** Hi.

**Rachel:** We just uh, we just met at the [[Friends-词汇总表#newsstand\|newsstand]]. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream. *(Chandler’s shocked.)* What? I read that.

**Sebastian:** Can I get you a cup of coffee?

**Rachel:** Oh yes! Thank you! *(He does so and Rachel sits down on the couch.)*

**Phoebe:** Rachel, what the hell is this?!

**Rachel:** *(shocked)* What?

**Phoebe:** You ask us to find you a guy and you come [[Friends-词汇总表#traipse\|traipsing]] in here with your own!

**Rachel:** You found me a guy?

**Monica:** Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler’s work!

**Phoebe:** Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a [[Friends-词汇总表#weirdo\|weirdo]].

**Rachel:** Well, y’know what though you guys? I really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] that but I think I’m just gonna take Sebastian to the [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]].

**Chandler:** Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!

**Monica:** Uh, would you stop it with that already?!

*(Sebastian returns with the coffee.)*

**Sebastian:** Here you go. *(Hands her, her cup.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, thank you.

**Sebastian:** Sure.

**Phoebe:** So, Sebastian, do you do any [[Friends-词汇总表#volunteer\|volunteer]] work?

**Sebastian:** Uh, no not really. Why?

**Phoebe:** No reason, it’s just I know a single guy that cares about other people.

**Chandler:** Are you funny?

**Sebastian:** Excuse me?

**Rachel:** What are you guys doing?

**Monica:** Are you funny? Tell us a joke!

**Sebastian:** Look, I just wanted to have coffee with Rachel.

**Phoebe:** Well, so do a lot of people.

**Sebastian:** Actually, I uh, I gotta get going. *(To Rachel)* Give me a call [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]].

**Rachel:** Oh, but y’know, no, you didn’t give me your phone number.

**Sebastian:** Okay! See you later! *(Exits.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Turns out he is kinda funny.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.

**Rachel:** I cannot believe you guys! He was really nice and he left because of you!

**Chandler:** Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat’s name?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, y’know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you’d like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" *(Imitates him.)* "Uhh, okay—I gotta go!"

**Monica:** All right guys stop it. Rachel, we’re very sorry that is a very [[Friends-词汇总表#insensitive\|insensitive]] thing for us to do. And y’know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.

**Phoebe:** Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y’know you might even end up with someone really special *(whispers)* if you pick my guy.

**Rachel:** All right.

**Chandler:** Okay, so you will meet our guys?

**Rachel:** Yes, I’ll meet ‘em.

**Chandler:** Okay now it doesn’t matter which one you choose, y’know? It’s completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe [[Friends-词汇总表#deem\|deemed]] not good enough to go out with [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]].

**Joey:** *(entering)* Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]; you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me 400 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]!

**Phoebe:** Okay sure!

**Joey:** Really?!

**Phoebe:** Ooh, [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|auditions]].

**Joey:** Call it even?

**Phoebe:** Okay.

*(Ross returns.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Ross)* Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?

**Ross:** Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] T-shirt [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contests]], guys doing shots off of girl’s bodies, waking up next to people you don’t even know…

**Joey:** Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?

**Chandler:** You know the hotels?

**Joey:** Sure! I was there! Spring Break ’81! Woo-hoo!

**Monica:** In 1981 you were 13!

**Joey:** So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a [[Friends-词汇总表#blast\|blast]]. And y’know who knows how to party? Drunk college [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chicks]].

**Ross:** Okay, she can’t go.

**Phoebe:** Ross, you can’t tell her not to go. You just started dating.

**Ross:** Then what am I supposed to do?

**Phoebe:** Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.

**Ross:** Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of guys?

**Chandler:** Well, maybe you don’t marry this one.


> [!scene] Scene: Elizabeth’s apartment, she is packing for her trip as Ross watches.

**Ross:** I’m so glad you’re going on this trip!

**Elizabeth:** Yeah! I’ve been working so hard this [[Friends-词汇总表#semester\|semester]]. I really need to go crazy y’know, blow off some [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]].

**Ross:** Sure. Sure. Look I don’t, I don’t know if your plans are [[Friends-词汇总表#finalize\|finalized]] yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]].

**Elizabeth:** What?

**Ross:** Are you into [[Friends-词汇总表#craft\|crafts]] at all?

**Elizabeth:** Ross, are you okay?

**Ross:** Well, yeah, of-of course I’m okay! What? I’m just being [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]]. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and *(notices something)* what-what is uh, what’s this? *(He holds up a rather skimpy bathing suit.)*

**Elizabeth:** It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bathing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]]?

**Ross:** To wear in front of people?

**Elizabeth:** Is that [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]]?

**Ross:** Is this?!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is reading as Monica and Chandler enter.

**Monica:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Good-good-good-good.

**Monica:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Monica:** We’re really glad you [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to meet our guy.

**Rachel:** Oh…

**Monica:** You’re gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet him?

**Rachel:** I don’t know. I know I don’t work late tomorrow night.

**Chandler:** Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y’know what? Why put off something [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] tomorrow that you can do right now? *(Laughs)* Eldad come here! *(He stands up from the next table.)*

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** Eldad, this is Rachel.

**Eldad:** How are you?

**Rachel:** Well-well a little [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] sided but y’know good.

**Chandler:** Eldad, sit down. *(To Rachel)* Move over! Move over now!

**Rachel:** I—Ohh! *(Moves over and lets Eldad sit on the couch.)*

**Chandler:** There you go! There you are! *(Rachel stares at Monica and Chandler)*

**Monica:** Okay! Okay! We can take a [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]]! *(They start to leave but run into Phoebe with her guy in tow.)* *(To Phoebe)* What are you doing here?!

**Phoebe:** This is Patrick. *(Points to him.)*

**Patrick:** Hi.

**Chandler:** Hi. *(To Phoebe)* Okay, you’re too late okay? Because she’s already with our guy.

**Phoebe:** *(looks)* Oh my God, you’re right! I am too late; they’re sitting on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] and talking! *(To Patrick)* Come on! *(They go over to the couch.)* Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** This is Patrick.

**Rachel:** Oh, hi.

**Patrick:** Hi.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, this is the guy I was telling you about.

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. And believe me, this [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] does not do justice to what’s [[Friends-词汇总表#underneath\|underneath]] it.

**Rachel:** Oh-okay, but Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** I’m just sort of in the middle of something.

**Phoebe:** Oh! Okay! Yeah, that’s okay. *(To Patrick)* Have a seat. *(Sits Patrick down next to Rachel.)*

**Monica:** No! You can’t do that!

**Eldad:** Maybe I should go!

**Monica:** *(stopping him)* Sit down! We’re winning!

**Rachel:** Okay, y’know what? Maybe I should go!

**All:** *(Chandler stops her)* No-no-no-no! Have a seat! Have a seat!

**Monica:** Rachel! Rachel! You haven’t touched Eldad’s hair!

**Chandler:** It is the [[Friends-词汇总表#softest\|softest]] hair! Touch it! *(Both he and Monica do so.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah, I’m good.

**Phoebe:** Rachel? Patrick is really rich. *(To Patrick)* Give her some money.

**Patrick:** Y’know what Phoebe? This isn’t really worth the free [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]].

**Monica:** That’s right Patrick, bye-bye!

**Chandler:** *(To Rachel)* Eldad is much more [[Friends-词汇总表#cooperative\|cooperative]]! And he can dance! *(To Eldad)* You dance for Rachel!

*(He starts to get up, but Rachel stops him.)*

**Rachel:** No-no! Don’t dance for me! Please? Don’t! *(She gets up to yell at her ‘friends.’)* What is the matter with you guys?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, okay, let’s talk it out.

**Rachel:** I… Am I the only one that this is [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]] for?

**Eldad:** I’m a little [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]]. *(Chandler shushes him.)*

**Rachel:** I’ll tell ya who should be [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]]! It’s you guys! Come on! This is [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!

**Phoebe:** Then why did she ask us to…

**Rachel:** I am still talking!! And then you [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no [[Friends-词汇总表#offense\|offense]] to you guys. Really! I mean *(To Patrick)* [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulations]] on all the cash, *(He nods)* and-and y’know—*(Feels Eldad’s hair)*—Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! *(Grabs her stuff, starts to leave, then turns back suddenly, and to Eldad)* Now do you use some sort of special [[Friends-词汇总表#conditioner\|conditioner]] on that hair?!

**Eldad:** Yes, Papaya Extract.

**Rachel:** Thank you! *(Storms out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The airport, Elizabeth’s flight is about to leave and Ross is there to send her off.

**Ross:** So uh, have a great time down there.

**Elizabeth:** I will.

**Ross:** Yeah. And did you, did you pack that [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bathing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]]?

**Elizabeth:** Yeah.

**Ross:** It was pretty funny when I, when I [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hid]] it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bathing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]], not because it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#reveal\|revealing]] which I’m fine with, no I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#concern\|concerned]] about your health, sun [[Friends-词汇总表#exposure\|exposure]].

**Elizabeth:** Oh, don’t worry I have [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] of sun block, it’s SPF-30.

**Ross:** Well, if what’s in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it’s-it’s get 4, and I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] to God more often than not it’s just [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]].

**Elizabeth:** Ross, it’s going to be okay. I’m not going down there to [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] up with a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of guys. I really like you. I like how things are going between us.

**Ross:** Really?

**Elizabeth:** Yeah! I’m just going down there to relax and hang out with my friends.

**Ross:** Okay. Cool.

**Elizabeth:** Oh hey! Here they are!

*(A group of about 10 guys and no women come running around the corner.)*

**Guy:** Elizabeth!

*(The guys pick up Elizabeth and carry her onto the plane as she waves bye.)*

**Ross:** Call me! Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Rachel, Chandler, and Phoebe are there.

**Phoebe:** Rachel, we’re sorry for [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]] those guys on you.

**Rachel:** Oh that’s all right! Y’know, I ended up having a really good time. Y’know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] was a big success and they [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raised]] a lot of money and [[Friends-词汇总表#awareness\|awareness]].

**Chandler:** So what was it for anyway?

**Rachel:** I wanna say a disease.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**All:** Hey!

**Joey:** I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.

**Rachel:** Huh. All right.

*(Rachel does so and it’s one of those dance party shows they have during spring break and we see…)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, look! That’s Elizabeth!

*(Suddenly Ross jumps in and starts dancing with her.)*

**Rachel:** Oh-oh Professor Geller.

**Joey:** Ahh, to be 13 again.

**Chandler:** Yeah.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（47）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 4 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, there’s this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 3 | 186 | 106 | *Do you guys know any cute guys?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *Y’know, this is probably none of my business, but weren’t you guys supposed to not be seen in public* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 3 | 197 | 118 | *Not anymore. So anyway, how do you want to pay me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 3 | 211 | 141 | *And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 3 | 376 | 86 | *Professor Geller?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 3 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell are you doing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 3 | 86 | 55 | *Oh! Okay! Yeah, that’s okay.  Have a seat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Yeah! It’s weird. But the thing is need to find a date.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Bye Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how’s it going with her?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *Our guy smells incredible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 2 | 60 | 51 | *Our guy smells incredible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Oh-ho-ho, you think I don’t know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *I went to Egypt with my dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *I’m so glad you’re going on this trip!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 2 | 60 | 56 | *Yeah! I’ve been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y’know, blow off some steam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Eldad, sit down.  Move over! Move over now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha!  Ah-ah!! Damn fridge!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Hi Joey, how ya doin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *I’m not paying for half of that! I’m only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I’ll take a check fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Oh no-no-no, we’re just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Oh, tell her good luck with that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *So what? Look, suppose we were a divorced couple.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *I was wondering if I could talk to you for a moment?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *I can do that. Oh-oh, what if she gets upset?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Yeah, it kinda grows on you.  Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Yeah, it kinda grows on you.  Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *What did you do on yours?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *And slept with the professor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream.  What? I read* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Are you funny? Tell us a joke!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Yeah, y’know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you’d like to take to a * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Yeah, y’know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you’d like to take to a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y’know you might even end up with someone really special  if you pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y’know who knows how to party? Drunk college * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Well, maybe you don’t marry this one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Yeah! I’ve been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y’know, blow off some steam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *To wear in front of people?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Yeah! I’m just going down there to relax and hang out with my friends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Yeah! I’m just going down there to relax and hang out with my friends.* |

### 常用词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 12 | 33 | 21 | *Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha!  Ah-ah!! Damn fridge!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 4 | 34 | 22 | *It’s a bathing suit?* |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 3 | 59 | 18 | *Anyway, there’s this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]] | /sә'pɔ:tiv/ | a. 支撑, 支承, 资助, 赞助, 支援, 经受, 忍受, 扶养, 证实, 鼓励, 维持, 伴奏 | a. furnishing support or assistance | 3 | 22 | 15 | *Well, yeah, of-of course I’m okay! What? I’m just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 3 | 37 | 22 | *It’s a bathing suit?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] | /θin/ | a. 薄的, 细的, 瘦的, 稀疏的, 稀薄的, 淡的, 弱的, 空洞的 | v. lose thickness; become thin or thinner | 2 | 12 | 10 | *Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y’know, a box of T* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 2 | 63 | 30 | *Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He’s a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 2 | 58 | 41 | *Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 2 | 48 | 44 | *Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 2 | 46 | 35 | *I’m a little embarrassed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] | /ri'fridʒәreitә/ | n. 电冰箱, 冷藏库 | n. white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures | 1 | 15 | 14 | *That refrigerators don’t live as long as people.* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 1 | 49 | 20 | *Anyway, there’s this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have * |
| oops | /u:ps/ | interj. (表示惊讶、沮丧、谢罪等)哎哟 |  | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Oops! I did not mean to run into you like that sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Oops! I did not mean to run into you like that sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1 | 152 | 44 | *Oo! When’s her birthday?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Well, y’know it’s just been so long since I’ve been to Chuckie Cheese.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 1 | 52 | 24 | *Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y’know, a box of T* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 1 | 23 | 14 | *Yeah. Do we have any Fruit Roll-Ups?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *‘Cause that’s just your taste.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 1 | 22 | 18 | *My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]] | /'dɑ:nsә/ | n. 舞蹈演员, 跳舞者 | n. a performer who dances professionally | 1 | 20 | 11 | *Our guy’s a great dancer!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1 | 24 | 17 | *My guy has great teeth!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 1 | 32 | 22 | *The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] | /dʒɑ:/ | n. 广口瓶, 震动, 刺耳声 | n. a vessel (usually cylindrical) with a wide mouth and without handles | 1 | 14 | 13 | *The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown * |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Shh!  Of course, why don’t we go inside?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *You don’t understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doll\|doll]] | /dɒl/ | n. 洋娃娃, 无头脑的美丽女人 | n. a small replica of a person; used as a toy | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *Joey, I saw you push him!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]] | /ә'dɒ:rәbl/ | a. 可崇拜的, 值得敬慕的, 可爱的 | s. lovable especially in a childlike or naive way | 1 | 11 | 10 | *You are so adorable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Well, y’know what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I think I’m just gonna take Sebastia* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *Actually, I uh, I gotta get going.  Give me a call sometime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 1 | 27 | 23 | *Okay now it doesn’t matter which one you choose, y’know? It’s completely up to you. Our guy is perfe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 1 | 87 | 38 | *Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] | /wet/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天 | v. cause to become wet | 1 | 26 | 25 | *Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]] | /'kɒntest/ | n. 竞赛, 争论 | n. an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 1 | 40 | 22 | *So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y’know who knows how to party? Drunk college * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] | /til/ | prep. 直到, 在...以前, 迄 | n. unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay and grave | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y’know what? Why put off something till tomo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Well-well a little blind sided but y’know good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]] | /hint/ | n. 暗示, 提示 | n. an indirect suggestion | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Okay! Okay! We can take a hint!   What are you doing here?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Oh my God, you’re right! I am too late; they’re sitting on the couch and talking!  Come on!  Rachel?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *I’ll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It’s you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concern\|concern]] | /kәn'sә:n/ | n. 关心, 忧虑 | n. something that interests you because it is important or affects you | 1 | 11 | 10 | *It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] | /'plenti/ | n. 充分, 很多, 丰富 | n. a full supply | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Oh, don’t worry I have plenty of sun block, it’s SPF-30.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Well, if what’s in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it’s-it’s get 4* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Well, if what’s in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it’s-it’s get 4* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Well, if what’s in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it’s-it’s get 4* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 1 | 33 | 26 | *Ross, it’s going to be okay. I’m not going down there to hook up with a bunch of guys. I really like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *Oh that’s all right! Y’know, I ended up having a really good time. Y’know, the charity was a big suc* |

### 低频词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| sebastian | /si:'bæstjәn/ | n. 塞巴斯蒂安（男子名） |  | 5 | 6 | 2 | *Hey! You guys umm, I want you to meet Sebastian.* |
| eldad |  | [网络] 伊利达 |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y’know what? Why put off something till tomo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] | /'tʃæriti/ | n. 慈悲, 博爱, 慈善团体, 施舍 | n. a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any pa | 4 | 42 | 9 | *Anyway, there’s this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#patrick\|patrick]] | /'pætrik/ | n. 帕特里克（男子名） | n. Apostle and patron saint of Ireland; an English missionary to Ireland in the  | 4 | 8 | 3 | *This is Patrick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weirdo\|weirdo]] | /ˈwɪədəʊ/ | n. 古怪的人, 奇怪的人 | n someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh that’s good, I guess she’ll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doorknob\|doorknob]] | /'dɒ:nɒb/ | n. 球形门拉手 | n. a knob used to release the catch when opening a door (often called `doorhandl | 3 | 6 | 4 | *Doorknob! Doorknob!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jokin\|jokin]] |  | n. (Jokin)人名；(塞)约金 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *You’re jokin’ right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]] | /tʌks/ | n. 夜小礼服, 无尾夜常礼服 | n semiformal evening dress for men | 2 | 12 | 7 | *Well, someone that has his own tux, or has the ability to rent a tux.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mint\|mint]] | /mint/ | n. 薄荷, 造币厂, 巨额 | n. any north temperate plant of the genus Mentha with aromatic leaves and small  | 2 | 11 | 7 | *Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y’know, a box of T* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#volunteer\|volunteer]] | /.vɒlәn'tiә/ | n. 志愿者 | n. (military) a person who freely enlists for service | 2 | 6 | 4 | *My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misunderstand\|misunderstand]] | /.misʌndә'stænd/ | vt. 误解, 误会 | v interpret in the wrong way | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Ross, I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I just wanted to tell you that I’m going to Flori* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]] | /sti:m/ | n. 蒸汽, 精力 | n. water at boiling temperature diffused in the atmosphere | 2 | 11 | 8 | *Yeah! I’ve been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y’know, blow off some steam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]] | /'ru:mi/ | n. 住在同室的人 | n an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Great! Roomie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#atm\|atm]] |  | [计] 自动出纳机 | n a unit of pressure: the pressure that will support a column of mercury 760 mm  | 1 | 12 | 6 | *All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I’ll take a check fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mumble\|mumble]] | /'mʌmbl/ | n. 喃喃而语, 咕哝 | n. a soft indistinct utterance | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don’t know, something either trees or disease—Ralph mumbles a lot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sly\|sly]] | /slai/ | a. 狡猾的, 诡密的, 俏皮的, 偷偷摸摸的 | s marked by skill in deception | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, sly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homework\|homework]] | /'hәumwә:k/ | n. 家庭作业, 家里做的工作 | n. preparatory school work done outside school (especially at home) | 1 | 4 | 3 | *So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#molecular\|molecular]] | /mә'lekjulә/ | a. 分子的, 由分子组成的 | a. relating to or produced by or consisting of molecules | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#epidemiology\|epidemiology]] | /,epi,di:mi'ɔlәdʒi/ | n. 传染病学, 流行病学 | n. the branch of medical science dealing with the transmission and control of di | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.* |
| chuckie |  | [网络] 查基；楚奇；查克 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, y’know it’s just been so long since I’ve been to Chuckie Cheese.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]] | /tʃin/ | n. 下巴, 颏 | n. the protruding part of the lower jaw | 1 | 7 | 7 | *A chin dimple!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dimple\|dimple]] | /'dimpl/ | n. 酒窝, 涟漪 | n. any slight depression in a surface | 1 | 2 | 2 | *A chin dimple!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dresser\|dresser]] | /'dresә/ | n. 化妆台, (剧团)服装师, 碗柜 | n. a person who dresses in a particular way | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well, uh y’know, our guy works with Chandler and he’s really nice and smart and he’s a great dresser* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#float\|float]] | /flәut/ | n. 漂流物, 浮舟, 漂浮, 浮萍, 彩车 | n. the time interval between the deposit of a check in a bank and its payment | 1 | 10 | 9 | *No, our guy is just a floating head.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spectacular\|spectacular]] | /spek'tækjulә/ | a. 公开展示的, 惊人的, 壮观的 | n. a lavishly produced performance | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He’s a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|lime]] | /laim/ | n. 石灰, 粘鸟胶, 酸橙 | n. any of various related trees bearing limes | 1 | 7 | 5 | *The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#custody\|custody]] | /'kʌstәdi/ | n. 监护, 拘留, 监禁 | n. holding by the police | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#distract\|distract]] | /dis'trækt/ | vt. 转移, 分心, 使发狂 | v. draw someone's attention away from something | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.* |
| barbie |  | n. 芭比（女子名）；芭比娃娃（商标名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandparent\|grandparent]] | /'grændperәnt/ | n. 祖父母 | n. a parent of your father or mother | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you’re doing frat gu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frat\|frat]] | /fræt/ | n. 大学生联谊会, 大学生联谊会会员 | n a social club for male undergraduates | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you’re doing frat gu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egypt\|egypt]] | /'i:dʒipt/ | n. 埃及 | n. a republic in northeastern Africa known as the United Arab Republic until 197 | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I went to Egypt with my dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sphinx\|sphinx]] | /sfiŋks/ | n. 史芬克斯(希腊神话人物), 人面狮身像, 天蛾 | n. an inscrutable person who keeps his thoughts and intentions secret | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I can see it now, "Look dad, it’s the Sphinx!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newsstand\|newsstand]] | /'nju:zstænd/ | n. 报摊, 报刊出售处 | n. a stall where newspapers and other periodicals are sold | 1 | 2 | 2 | *We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream.  What? I read* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#traipse\|traipse]] | /treips/ | vi. 闲荡, 疲惫地走 | v. walk or tramp about | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insensitive\|insensitive]] | /in'sensitiv/ | a. 对...没有感觉的, 感觉迟钝的 | a. not responsive to physical stimuli | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right guys stop it. Rachel, we’re very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deem\|deem]] | /di:m/ | v. 认为, 相信 | v. keep in mind or convey as a conviction or view | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay now it doesn’t matter which one you choose, y’know? It’s completely up to you. Our guy is perfe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daytona\|daytona]] |  | n. 代托纳（美国汽车品牌） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#corona\|corona]] | /'kɔrәnә/ | n. 冠, 冠状物, 副冠, 根颈, 头顶, 牙冠, 檐板, 日冕, 月华, 日华, 电晕, 光圈 | n. (botany) the trumpet-shaped or cup-shaped outgrowth of the corolla of a daffo | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blast\|blast]] | /blæst/ | n. 一阵风, 爆炸, 枯萎病 | n. a very long fly ball | 1 | 7 | 7 | *So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y’know who knows how to party? Drunk college * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#semester\|semester]] | /si'mestә/ | n. 学期 | n. one of two divisions of an academic year | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah! I’ve been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y’know, blow off some steam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finalize\|finalize]] | /'fainәlaiz/ | vt. 使结束, 定稿 | v. make final; put the last touches on; put into final form | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sure. Sure. Look I don’t, I don’t know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know anothe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#craft\|craft]] | /kræft/ | n. 技艺, 手艺, 诡计 | n. a vehicle designed for navigation in or on water or air or through outer spac | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Are you into crafts at all?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underneath\|underneath]] | /.ʌndә'ni:θ/ | adv. 在下面 | r. on the lower or downward side; on the underside of | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to what’s underneath it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#softest\|softest]] |  | 柔软的 | a yielding readily to pressure or weight | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It is the softest hair! Touch it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooperative\|cooperative]] | /kәu'ɔpәrәtiv/ | a. 合作的；合作社的 | n. a jointly owned commercial enterprise (usually organized by farmers or consum | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance!  You dance for Rachel!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offense\|offense]] | /ә'fens/ | n. 犯罪, 伤感情, 攻击 | n. the team that has the ball (or puck) and is trying to score | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conditioner\|conditioner]] | /kәn'diʃәnә/ | n. 调节器, 土壤团粒结构促进剂 | n. exercise that conditions the body | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#papaya\|papaya]] | /pә'paiә/ | n. 番木瓜树 | n. tropical American shrub or small tree having huge deeply palmately cleft leav | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, Papaya Extract.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extract\|extract]] | /ik'strækt/ | n. 榨出物, 精汁, 摘录, 选段 | v. remove, usually with some force or effort; also used in an abstract sense | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, Papaya Extract.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reveal\|reveal]] | /ri'vi:l/ | vt. 露出, 显示, 透露, 揭露, 泄露, (神)启示 | v. disclose directly or through prophets | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exposure\|exposure]] | /ik'spәuʒә/ | n. 暴露, 揭发, 揭露 | n. vulnerability to the elements; to the action of heat or cold or wind or rain; | 1 | 3 | 2 | *It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awareness\|awareness]] | /ә'weәnis/ | n. 意识, 认识 | n. having knowledge of | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh that’s all right! Y’know, I ended up having a really good time. Y’know, the charity was a big suc* |
| mtv |  | abbr. 音乐电视（Music Television） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.* |
