---
season: 6
episode: "18"
title: "The One Where Ross Dates A Student"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S06E18 — The One Where Ross Dates A Student

*Written by: Seth Kurland*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler, Rachel, and Joey are there as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller’s class. Mind blowing [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lectures]]! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the [[Friends-词汇总表#hottie\|hottie]] of the [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] department!"

**Chandler:** Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there’s a big selling calendar, eh?

**Rachel:** Who wrote it?

**Ross:** Oh, I wish I knew, but the evaluations are all anonymous.

**Joey:** Oh hey, do you still have their final [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exams]]?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Oh, ‘cause you can just match the evaluation to the [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exam]] with the same [[Friends-词汇总表#handwrite\|handwriting]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]], there’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#admirer\|admirer]]. *(Ross is stunned.)*

**Chandler:** A hot girl’s at [[Friends-词汇总表#stake\|stake]] and all of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] he’s Rain Man.

**Rachel:** Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, why are we so sure that this is a girl?

**Ross:** It’s a girl! Anyway, it [[Friends-词汇总表#wou\|wou]]—it wouldn’t matter. Okay? Because I’m a teacher and she’s a student.

**Chandler:** Oh, is that against the rules?

**Ross:** No, but it is [[Friends-词汇总表#frown\|frowned]] upon.

**Chandler:** I see.

**Ross:** Besides, there’s a big age difference.

**Joey:** Oh, well think of it like this, when you’re 90…

**Ross:** I know when I’m 90 she’ll be like 80 and it won’t seem like such a big difference.

**Joey:** No that’s not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you’re 90 you’ll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler are eating breakfast as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey Chandler! Y’know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.

**Phoebe:** What’s a Movement class?

**Monica:** It’s Chandler’s way of [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]] he didn’t take [[Friends-词汇总表#mime\|mime]].

**Joey:** Oh well listen, anyway she’s directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]!

**Chandler:** Oh, I don’t know man. I haven’t talked to her in like ten years.

**Joey:** No-no-no, please-please Chandler I-I-I would [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you so much!

**Chandler:** You do [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me so much. You owe me three [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]], four hundred…

**Joey:** Hey-hey dude, why are you changing the subject? Why? Will you make the call or what?

**Chandler:** Oh okay, I’ll-I’ll try.

**Joey:** All right! Thanks! You’re the best! Now listen, the last day of [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|auditions]] is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?

**Chandler:** Yeah so, Tuesday?

**Joey:** *(angrily)* Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this, the third day. All right? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!

**Chandler:** *(sarcastically)* Thank you.

**Joey:** Okay.

**Rachel:** *(entering from the bathroom)* Hey Mon? I’m gonna check my messages.

**Chandler:** You just thought of that in there?

**Monica:** Yeah sure, nature called, she wanted to see who else did.

*(Rachel dials her number.)*

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* Hello? *(Shocked that someone answered.)* Uh, Rachel. *(To the gang.)* Great, someone is in our apartment. Call the [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cops]]!

**Monica:** You’re on the phone!

**Rachel:** *(on phone)* Oh my God! Oh my God! Thank you! *(Hangs up)* That was the fire department, there was a fire at our place!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! How bad was it?

**Rachel:** Well, he didn’t say, but it was a fire. I’m guessing not very good. Come on, we gotta go!

**Monica:** Come on! *(The girls all run out and Joey holds up Chandler by smiling.)*

**Chandler:** What are you [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]] about? What is so funny?

**Joey:** The part I want to [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] for is a [[Friends-词汇总表#fireman\|fireman]], this is so meant to be!


> [!scene] Scene: N.Y.U. Paleontology department, Ross is putting up the grades on the message board.

**Burt:** *(another professor)* Wow! It looks like you were very [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] with your grades this [[Friends-词汇总表#semester\|semester]]! *(Ross frantically starts to change some as a female student, Elizabeth, approaches.)*

**Elizabeth:** Professor Geller?

**Ross:** *(startled)* Yeah?

**Elizabeth:** I wanted to say how much I enjoyed your class.

**Ross:** Oh thank you. Thanks very much. *(Leans up against the board and on a thumbtack.)* Ow! *(He pulls away.)*

**Elizabeth:** Uh, I’m a little [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]] about calling you a [[Friends-词汇总表#hottie\|hottie]] on my evaluation…

**Ross:** That was you?

**Elizabeth:** Yeah. I felt a little weird about it. You’re a teacher. I’m a student. But would you maybe want to go out with me [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]]?

**Ross:** Oh I, I don’t-I don’t think that would be the best idea.

**Elizabeth:** Oh, because I was thinking, the [[Friends-词汇总表#semester\|semester]]’s over; you’re not my teacher anymore.

**Ross:** What time?

**Elizabeth:** *(checks her grade)* Oh, y’know what? Forget it, you already gave me an A.

**Ross:** Gotcha. *(Starts to leave.)*

**Elizabeth:** I’m kidding!

**Ross:** Oh! So-so seriously, what time?


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, everyone minus Ross are arriving to inspect the damage. The fire department is still there.

**Phoebe:** Coming through! *(Has to dodge a fireman)* Oh! Coming through! *(Sees a cute one.)* Oh! Hello! Hi! *(Smiles then realizes)* No! Right! Coming through!

*(They start to look around seeing that the living room is undamaged.)*

**Monica:** Oh well, it’s not so bad. Fireman #1: Yeah, most of the damage is pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#contain\|contained]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedrooms]].

**Phoebe:** Oh!

**Rachel:** My God! *(They both run into the bedrooms.)*

**Joey:** *(to the fireman)* Hey buddy, do you think I can [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]] this Thursday? Fireman #1: Excuse me?

**Monica:** Joey! He’s working! *(To Chandler)* You would look good in that.

*(Phoebe and Rachel return)*

**Joey:** Oh, how bad is it?

**Phoebe:** Oh, it’s bad. It’s really bad. The only thing in there that isn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burned]] is an ass. Which I do not remember buying!

**Chandler:** How’s your room Rach?

**Rachel:** Everything’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]]. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]]. *(Hold it up.)*

**Monica:** Isn’t that mine?

**Rachel:** Fine! I’m sorry for your loss! *(Hands it back to her.)* Fireman #1: So uh, you’re not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?

**Rachel:** *(stands up)* Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.

**Monica:** *(pulling Rachel back down)* Yes, they can stay with us.

**Chandler:** Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman? Fireman #1: Well uh, do either of you [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]]?

**Phoebe:** No, not usually. But yeah, I could use one right now. Fireman #1: No-no-no, do you uh light [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]]? Burn [[Friends-词汇总表#incense\|incense]]?

**Phoebe:** Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It’s me! It’s me! I [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burned]] down the house! I burned down the house!

**Rachel:** Okay Phoebe [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down, there’s no need to place [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]]. Okay? *(To the fireman)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warned]] her about those [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is on the phone as Joey enters.

**Chandler:** God, it’s great to catch up! I can’t believe how long it’s been!

**Joey:** Chandler, is that… *(Mimes someone using a movie camera and Chandler nods yes.)*

**Chandler:** *(on phone)* Oh that’s great! Good for you.

**Joey:** Hey-hey listen… *(Chandler waves him away.)*

**Chandler:** Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm… *(Joey mimes throwing something in the air, catching it, rolling it out, putting it in an oven and cutting it.)* Can you hold for one second please? *(To Joey)* What?!

**Joey:** When you’re off the phone, do you wanna get a [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]?

**Chandler:** *(on phone)* Hi! I’m back. *(Goes to hang up the phone.)* Yeah, that sounds great. *(Listens)* Okay. Well, we’ll do it then. *(Listens)* Okay, bye-bye. *(He hangs up the phone and turns around to see Joey standing close to him and screams.)*

**Joey:** Hey listen, so when’s-when’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]? I mean I know it’s Thursday, but what time?

*(Monica enters.)*

**Chandler:** Hi.

**Monica:** Hey!

**Chandler:** *(To Joey)* We didn’t get to the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]. I’m gonna take her to coffee and then we’ll do it then.

**Joey:** Ah-ha!

**Monica:** Wow! So, now you’re going on a date with this girl?

**Chandler:** Honey, it is not a date! I haven’t talked to her in ten years! You can’t just call up somebody you haven’t talked to in ten years and ask them for a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]. There are rules, y’know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.

**Monica:** You’re right, I’m sorry. It’s not like you’re y’know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.

**Chandler:** No, we only went out once.

**Monica:** You dated her!

**Chandler:** Not once!

**Monica:** All right, well why don’t I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]?!

**Joey:** Hey, you wanna do Joey a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]], maybe you go out with Joey. *(He turns around to see Chandler glaring at him.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is having coffee with Dana.

**Chandler:** *(laughs)* Oh that’s great, my friend Joey’s in the movie business.

**Dana:** Y’know who I ran into from school? Howie.

**Chandler:** *(giggles)* My friend’s name is Joey.

**Dana:** Apparently Howie’s editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. Can you believe that?! Y’know I-I-I haven’t spoken to him in like ten years and he asks me for a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]!

**Chandler:** Yeah, I’ve always hated that Howie.

**Dana:** No, no "How you doing?" Man, I mean not even a cup of coffee first!

**Chandler:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] huh?

**Dana:** Yeah!

**Chandler:** Refill?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is about to debut Hotel Monica (formerly known as Rachel’s Room) to Phoebe and Rachel.

**Monica:** Now, this is last minute so I want to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] for the mess. Okay?

*(They walk into a completely redecorated and repainted room. And of course, the room is immaculate. Only an obsessive-compulsive like Monica could find fault with the room.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my God! It sure didn’t look this way when I lived here.

**Monica:** I know! Now look, there’s only one problem though. There’s only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey’s.

**Phoebe:** Well, since the fire was kinda my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] I guess *(To Rachel)* you should get to stay here.

**Rachel:** Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one’s [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] Pheebs. Okay? It was an [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]].

**Phoebe:** Well no, it was my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] so you should get the nice room.

**Rachel:** Okay! *(She jumps on the bed.)*

**Monica:** So Rach! You’re the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you’ll just have to tell me how you like your [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]] in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y’know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.

**Rachel:** I have.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey is showing Phoebe around.

**Joey:** This right here is where I keep the [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]. *(He points to the chair.)* And uh that’s where the [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] is. *(Points to the floor next to the chair.)*

**Phoebe:** What’s that smell?

**Joey:** I know! *(Shrugs his shoulders.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A street, Ross is walking with Elizabeth on their date.

**Elizabeth:** Oh please! It was such a big class! You never even noticed me!

**Ross:** What? Of course I did! You uh, you sat next to Sleepy Sleeperson.

**Elizabeth:** Who?

**Ross:** Oh uh, I had [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] remembering everyone’s name, so I-I kinda came up with [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nicknames]]. Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.

**Elizabeth:** Oh yeah. So umm, did you have a [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]] for me?

**Ross:** Umm, no. No.

**Elizabeth:** Yes you did! What was it?

**Ross:** Umm, it’s Cutie McPretty.

**Elizabeth:** Ohh that’s so sweet!

**Ross:** Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I’m having a great time! Y’know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it’s not. I mean it’s not at all.

**Burt:** *(exiting from a restaurant)* Dr. Geller!

**Ross:** *(pushing Elizabeth into a doorway)* Burt!


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe and Rachel's, Phoebe and Rachel are cleaning up the mess.

**Phoebe:** So did you sleep well last night?

**Rachel:** I did.

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** I did, Monica was so sweet she left a little [[Friends-词汇总表#mint\|mint]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]].

**Phoebe:** Y’know what Joey left on my [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]]?

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** Gum! Fireman #2: Well, we determined the cause of the fire.

**Phoebe:** Yeah I know, it was my [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]]. My candle! Fireman #2: No, there was an [[Friends-词汇总表#appliance\|appliance]] left on in the bathroom. It’s looks like a [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curling]] iron.

**Phoebe:** I don’t use a [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curling]] iron. Fireman #2: Well someone does.

*(Phoebe looks at Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Well, don’t look at me! My hair’s straight! Straight! Straight! Straight! Fireman #2: It could’ve been a hair [[Friends-词汇总表#straightener\|straightener]].

**Rachel:** Oh.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey is now showing Rachel around.

**Joey:** This is where I keep the [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]. *(It’s the same location as before.)* And—Hey! Where did the [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] go?! *(The napkin is not in it’s spot.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe is reading and Monica runs over and turns on the lamp behind Phoebe.

**Monica:** Now there you go! I wouldn’t want my best guest to [[Friends-词汇总表#strain\|strain]] her eyes!

**Phoebe:** Thanks Monica!

**Monica:** Does that smell [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] you?

**Phoebe:** What the smell from Joey’s? No, I can [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] smell it over here.

**Monica:** Well you let me know if you can, because y’know I can [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] to cover it.

**Phoebe:** I can smell it a little, [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]].

**Monica:** Okay!

**Phoebe:** Okay.

*(The phone rings and Monica answers it.)*

**Monica:** Hello? *(Listens)* Oh yes, one minute please. *(To Phoebe)* It’s for you. It’s the fire [[Friends-词汇总表#inspector\|inspector]].

**Phoebe:** Oh! *(Takes the phone.)* Hello? *(Listens)* Yeah this is Phoebe. *(Listens)* Really?!


> [!scene] Cut to Joey’s, he’s on the phone.

**Joey:** *(in a funny voice)* Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn’t the hair [[Friends-词汇总表#straightener\|straightener]] that started the fire. *(Rachel prompts him on what to say next.)* No-no, it was the [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]]. It’s very not good leaving candles [[Friends-词汇总表#unattended\|unattended]]. In fact, one of the first things they [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you in fire school is… *(Phoebe suddenly enters.)* Uhh… Uhh… Okay. Well, I have to go now. *(Phoebe leaves.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, Ross is telling Monica and Joey about his date with Elizabeth.

**Ross:** We had such a great time! She’s-she’s incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn’t. It wasn’t at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. *(Joey makes the international sign for big boobies.)*

*(To Monica) A concept lost on some people!*

**Monica:** So it’s okay to date a student.

**Ross:** Well, not really. I mean [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] it’s-it’s not against the rules or anything, but it is [[Friends-词汇总表#frown\|frowned]] upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.

**Monica:** Well Ross, you be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] now. You don’t want to get a [[Friends-词汇总表#reputation\|reputation]] as y’know Professor McNailshisstudents.

**Ross:** Yeah. What-what should I do?

**Joey:** Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what’s more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.

**Monica:** Joey that is so sweet.

*(He turns his back to Monica and does the international sign for big boobies again.)*

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey.

**Joey:** Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?

**Chandler:** I couldn’t do it.

**Joey:** You couldn’t do it?!

**Chandler:** Hey, relax I just need more time. We’re going to dinner tonight.

**Monica:** What?! You’re going out with her again!

**Ross:** Going out with who?

**Chandler:** Uh, Dana Keystone from college.

**Ross:** Oh yeah! Wasn’t she uh… *(Does the international sign for big boobies.)*

**Chandler:** No, that was Dana Caplin.

**The Guys:** Ohhhh! *(They all look up in a moment of reflection.)*

**Monica:** Joey! You didn’t even know her!

**Joey:** Ah whatever!


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, Chandler is having dinner with Dana.

**Chandler:** Great story again! The [[Friends-词汇总表#yarn\|yarns]] that you [[Friends-词汇总表#weave\|weave]]! Woo-hoo-hoo!

**Dana:** Y’know uh, actually I-I-I should get going.

**Chandler:** Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!

**Dana:** Wow. Oh, I am really [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flattered]], but I just I don’t feel that way about you.

**Chandler:** Oh no-no-no, that’s not—No-no-no!

**Dana:** I’m sorry Chandler, y’know you are such a sweet guy and I, I don’t want to hurt you. Oh, I wish there was something I can do to make you feel better.

**Chandler:** No-no—Really?!

**Dana:** Of course!

**Chandler:** *(breaking up)* Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh…

**Dana:** Ohh, I’m sorry.

**Chandler:** Well maybe there is one thing you can do.

**Dana:** What?! Anything! Anything!

**Chandler:** Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] for your movie say on Thursday?

**Dana:** Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|rejecting]] you if your actor friend can [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] for my movie?

**Chandler:** Well, the heart wants what it wants. I’ll see you later. *(He runs off and leaves her with the bill, which the waiter promptly delivers.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Hotel Monica, Phoebe is on the bed playing her guitar as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Hey! How’s it goin’?

**Phoebe:** Well, not much has changed in the last five minutes.

**Monica:** Yes it has! I made [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh that’s all right. I’m still full from your [[Friends-词汇总表#homemade\|homemade]] [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chips]].

**Monica:** But you should eat them now because they’re hot from the [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]].

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(Reaches for one.)*

**Monica:** *(pulling the plate back)* Oh-ho! But not in here! Can’t eat ‘em in bed, remember? No [[Friends-词汇总表#crumbies\|crumbies]]!

**Phoebe:** *(gritting her teeth)* Okay, I’ll be out in a second.

**Monica:** Okay!

*(Monica leaves and Phoebe closes the door behind her and tries to lock it.)*

**Monica:** *(opening the door)* What are you doing?

**Phoebe:** That doesn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] does it?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Rachel are eating spaghetti in the living room while watching TV and Rachel drops some on the floor.

**Rachel:** Oh, Joey! Sorry!

**Joey:** No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.

**Rachel:** Oh but look! That’s gonna leave a [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]]!

**Joey:** Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!

**Rachel:** Really?

**Joey:** Yeah! Look! *(He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)*

**Rachel:** I’ve never lived like this before.

**Joey:** I know.

*(Rachel throws some of hers down.)*

**Joey:** All right, don’t waste it, I mean its still food. *(He picks it up and eats it.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Elizabeth are deciding what to do on their second date.

**Ross:** What do you want to do now? Huh? You wanna go get a drink?

**Elizabeth:** Uhh, I can’t.

**Ross:** Oh, you have some studying to do?

**Elizabeth:** No, I have some turning 21 to do.

**Ross:** Y’know I remember when uh, when I was in college, we used to…

*(He sees some of his colleagues enter and puts his head on her lap.)*

**Elizabeth:** What are you doing?

**Ross:** Nothing, I’m-I’m just, I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] with you!

**Elizabeth:** Do you not want to be seen with me?

**Ross:** What? No! Of course, of course I do! Are-are they gone?

**Elizabeth:** Uh no, they’re still here but I think I’m about to leave.

**Ross:** What?! No! No! Wait! You’re right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There’s nothing wrong with that. Come on. *(They get up and go over to the table where his colleagues are sitting.)* Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.

**Elizabeth:** Hi!

**Lydia:** Aren’t you in my Popular Culture class?

**Ross:** That’s right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we’re dating. And you may [[Friends-词汇总表#frown\|frown]] upon that, but we’re not gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] it anymore.

**Mel:** You are so fired.

**Ross:** What?

**Burt:** They’re gonna fire you! You can’t date a student! It’s against the rules.

**Ross:** Really? Its not just [[Friends-词汇总表#frown\|frowned]] upon?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Rachel are throwing huge spitballs at the entertainment center.

**Rachel:** I love it at Joey’s!

**Joey:** Hey, here you go. *(Hands her another one.)*

**Chandler:** *(entering, sees Rachel’s throw)* Ni-hi-ice!

**Rachel:** Thanks!

**Chandler:** *(To Joey)* So, you [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] Thursday?

**Joey:** Oh, very funny. I don’t know if you remember, but my [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] was supposed to be Thursday. *(Chandler doesn’t say anything until Joey figures it out.)* You got me the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]?! Let’s [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] it up! *(They hug.)*

**Chandler:** Okay. Okay. *(Joey puts him down.)* What are you gonna do to me if you get the part?

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey! Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** *(To Rachel)* Listen umm, yeah okay, I need to talk to you!

**Rachel:** Uh-huh.

**Phoebe:** Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair [[Friends-词汇总表#straightener\|straightener]] started the fire but I think I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#partly\|partly]] at [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. You see, I didn’t, I didn’t tell you but umm, but I-I had recently [[Friends-词汇总表#refill\|refilled]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissues]] and so y’know let’s just face it, that’s just [[Friends-词汇总表#kindle\|kindling]]! So I think it’s better that I stay at Joey’s.

**Rachel:** No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] y’know what? I’m fine here.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.

**Chandler:** Really?

**Phoebe:** Yeah she said something about [[Friends-词汇总表#crumbies\|crumbies]].

**Chandler:** No! No! No! I was so [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]]! *(Runs out.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Rachel)* Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!

**Joey:** That’s right, all the ladies want to stay at Joey’s.

**Rachel:** No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don’t want to switch! Please come on! I can throw [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] paper [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towels]] here!

**Phoebe:** No but at Monica’s you can eat [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]] over the [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]]!

**Rachel:** I know. I’m sorry.

**Phoebe:** All right fine! This looks like so much fun. *(Examining the bowl of wet paper towels.)*

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** God, what a mess. *(She grabs the bowl and heads for Monica’s.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is looking at his handbook. Elizabeth is also there.

**Ross:** Wow! It actually is in the [[Friends-词汇总表#handbook\|handbook]]. I can’t date you or have a hot [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] in my office. I can’t believe we have to stop seeing each other.

**Elizabeth:** For what it’s worth I did [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me like you even more.

**Ross:** I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can’t date. It’s against the rules. It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbidden]].

**Elizabeth:** Wow!

**Ross:** What?

**Elizabeth:** Just hearing you [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] it as [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbidden]], it’s really hot.

**Ross:** Really?

**Elizabeth:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Well I-I-I don’t care how hot it is it’s-it’s uh, it’s wrong.

**Elizabeth:** Stop it! *(She starts to get all worked up.)*

**Ross:** *(feeling it too)* No! No! It’s wrong! It’s-it’s-it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#naughty\|naughty]]. It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#taboo\|taboo]].

**Elizabeth:** Shut the book!

*(They frantically start making out.)*

**Ross:** Let’s also get a hot [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]]!

*(They start making out again.) Ending Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey is eating pizza as Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** So?!

**Joey:** So?

**Chandler:** It’s Thursday! How was the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]?!

**Joey:** Wh? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when huh what? Thurs—*(He gasps in horror.)* Oh! *(Runs out and Chandler just shakes his head. After a second Joey runs back in to grab a piece of pizza and runs back out.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（39）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 5 | 109 | 68 | *What’s that smell?* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 4 | 376 | 86 | *Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Gell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 3 | 228 | 137 | *But you should eat them now because they’re hot from the oven.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *It’s a girl! Anyway, it wou—it wouldn’t matter. Okay? Because I’m a teacher and she’s a student.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Yeah. I felt a little weird about it. You’re a teacher. I’m a student. But would you maybe want to g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Oh, because I was thinking, the semester’s over; you’re not my teacher anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *Fine! I’m sorry for your loss!  Fireman #1: So uh, you’re not gonna be able to live here for a while* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 2 | 66 | 50 | *Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *I know! Now look, there’s only one problem though. There’s only room for one, so I guess one of you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 2 | 88 | 57 | *Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Gell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Gell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Hello?  Uh, Rachel.  Great, someone is in our apartment. Call the cops!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh, y’know what? Forget it, you already gave me an A.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *I’m kidding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Oh! So-so seriously, what time?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Hey buddy, do you think I can borrow your uniform this Thursday? Fireman #1: Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *Everything’s ruined. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue sweater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Isn’t that mine?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *God, it’s great to catch up! I can’t believe how long it’s been!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Apparently Howie’s editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Apparently Howie’s editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Yeah, I’ve always hated that Howie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *So did you sleep well last night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Yeah I know, it was my candle. My candle! Fireman #2: No, there was an appliance left on in the bath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *We had such a great time! She’s-she’s incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a proble* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Hey, relax I just need more time. We’re going to dinner tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Hey, relax I just need more time. We’re going to dinner tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Ah whatever!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *I’m sorry Chandler, y’know you are such a sweet guy and I, I don’t want to hurt you. Oh, I wish ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can aud* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *What do you want to do now? Huh? You wanna go get a drink?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn’t the hair straightener that started the fire.  No-no, it was the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *What?! No! No! Wait! You’re right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Oh, very funny. I don’t know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday.  You got * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don’t want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!* |

### 常用词（61）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 9 | 87 | 38 | *Oh well listen, anyway she’s directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 5 | 81 | 49 | *Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess  you should get to stay here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]] | /'kændl/ | n. 蜡烛 | n. stick of wax with a wick in the middle | 4 | 33 | 22 | *No, not usually. But yeah, I could use one right now. Fireman #1: No-no-no, do you uh light candles?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 4 | 34 | 28 | *Honey, it is not a date! I haven’t talked to her in ten years! You can’t just call up somebody you h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 3 | 58 | 41 | *No-no-no, please-please Chandler I-I-I would owe you so much!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 3 | 34 | 30 | *Oh, it’s bad. It’s really bad. The only thing in there that isn’t burned is an ass. Which I do not r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 3 | 73 | 42 | *When you’re off the phone, do you wanna get a pizza?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n. the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 2 | 19 | 13 | *Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Gell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 2 | 47 | 38 | *Besides, there’s a big age difference.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 2 | 28 | 22 | *I did, Monica was so sweet she left a little mint on my pillow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] | /beik/ | vt. 烘焙, 烤 | v. cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven | 2 | 21 | 18 | *Well you let me know if you can, because y’know I can bake a pie to cover it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] | /pai/ | n. 馅饼, 财富, 总额, 贪污受贿, 杂乱, 喜鹊 | n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top | 2 | 35 | 15 | *Well you let me know if you can, because y’know I can bake a pie to cover it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 2 | 41 | 29 | *Well Ross, you be careful now. You don’t want to get a reputation as y’know Professor McNailshisstud* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 2 | 52 | 24 | *Yes it has! I made cookies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] | /pleit/ | n. 碟, 盘子, 盆中物, 金属板, 图版, 金银餐具, 印版, 金属牌(照) | n. a sheet of metal or wood or glass or plastic | 2 | 49 | 19 | *Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can’t date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can’t beli* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] | /'lektʃә/ | n. 演讲, 谴责, 讲稿 | n. a speech that is open to the public | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Gell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *A hot girl’s at stake and all of the sudden he’s Rain Man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 1 | 21 | 18 | *A hot girl’s at stake and all of the sudden he’s Rain Man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *It’s Chandler’s way of pretending he didn’t take mime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 1 | 34 | 19 | *You do owe me so much. You owe me three thousand, four hundred…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] | /kɒp/ | n. 警官 | n uncomplimentary terms for a policeman | 1 | 20 | 13 | *Hello?  Uh, Rachel.  Great, someone is in our apartment. Call the cops!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *What are you smiling about? What is so funny?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] | /'dʒenәrәs/ | a. 慷慨的, 有雅量的, 大量的, 丰富的 | a. willing to give and share unstintingly | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Wow! It looks like you were very generous with your grades this semester!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *Uh, I’m a little embarrassed about calling you a hottie on my evaluation…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *Yeah. I felt a little weird about it. You’re a teacher. I’m a student. But would you maybe want to g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Gotcha.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] | /'mәustli/ | adv. 大概, 大部分, 主要 | r in large part; mainly or chiefly | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Oh well, it’s not so bad. Fireman #1: Yeah, most of the damage is pretty mostly contained in the bed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Oh well, it’s not so bad. Fireman #1: Yeah, most of the damage is pretty mostly contained in the bed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Hey buddy, do you think I can borrow your uniform this Thursday? Fireman #1: Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Everything’s ruined. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue sweater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *Everything’s ruined. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue sweater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 1 | 69 | 27 | *Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman? Fireman #1: Well uh, do either of you smoke?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Okay Phoebe calm down, there’s no need to place blame. Okay?  I warned her about those candles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Okay Phoebe calm down, there’s no need to place blame. Okay?  I warned her about those candles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] | /wɒ:n/ | vt. 警告, 提醒, 通知 | v. notify of danger, potential harm, or risk | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Okay Phoebe calm down, there’s no need to place blame. Okay?  I warned her about those candles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] | /'æksidәnt/ | n. 意外事件, 机遇, 事故, 次要方面 | n. an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one’s fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1 | 38 | 20 | *So Rach! You’re the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you’ll just have to tell me how you like your * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone’s name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]] | /'nikneim/ | n. 绰号, 昵称 | n. a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person's given n | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone’s name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]] | /gʌm/ | n. 树胶, 橡皮, 橡皮糖, 牙床, 老天 | n. any of various substances (soluble in water) that exude from certain plants;  | 1 | 22 | 15 | *Gum! Fireman #2: Well, we determined the cause of the fire.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Does that smell bother you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] | /'hɑ:dli/ | adv. 刚刚, 几乎不, 勉强是 | r. almost not | 1 | 11 | 11 | *What the smell from Joey’s? No, I can hardly smell it over here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn’t the hair straightener that started the fire.  No-no, it was the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Well, not really. I mean technically it’s-it’s not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|reject]] | /ri'dʒekt/ | n. 被拒之人, 被弃之物, 不合格品, 次品 | v. refuse to accept or acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can aud* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 1 | 56 | 32 | *Hey! How’s it goin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 26 | 15 | *Oh that’s all right. I’m still full from your homemade potato chips.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] | /'ʌvәn/ | n. 烤箱, 灶, 子宫 | n. kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting | 1 | 23 | 16 | *But you should eat them now because they’re hot from the oven.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *That doesn’t lock does it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *Nothing, I’m-I’m just, I’m so comfortable with you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *Aren’t you in my Popular Culture class?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *That’s right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we’re dating. And you may frown upon that, b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *So, you busy Thursday?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Oh, very funny. I don’t know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday.  You got * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I’m partl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] | /wet/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天 | v. cause to become wet | 1 | 26 | 25 | *No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don’t want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] | /'tauәl/ | n. 手巾, 毛巾 | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping | 1 | 19 | 18 | *No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don’t want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *No but at Monica’s you can eat cookies over the sink!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *For what it’s worth I did appreciate you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me l* |

### 低频词（53）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fireman\|fireman]] | /'faiәmәn/ | n. 救火队员, 消防队员 | n. play in which children pretend to put out a fire | 11 | 22 | 6 | *The part I want to audition for is a fireman, this is so meant to be!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dana\|dana]] |  | n. 美国德纳（美国汽车公司） | n Celtic goddess who was the mother of the Tuatha De Danann; identified with the | 4 | 6 | 3 | *Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frown\|frown]] | /fraun/ | n. 皱眉 | n. a facial expression of dislike or displeasure | 3 | 6 | 3 | *No, but it is frowned upon.* |
| howie | /'haji/ | n. 豪伊 (Howard 的异体)(m.) |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Y’know who I ran into from school? Howie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#straightener\|straightener]] | /'streitәnә/ | 校直装置, 矫直机, 调直器 | n a device for straightening | 3 | 6 | 2 | *Well, don’t look at me! My hair’s straight! Straight! Straight! Straight! Fireman #2: It could’ve be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hottie\|hottie]] | /'hɔti/ | n. [口]=hot-water bottle |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Gell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#keystone\|keystone]] | /'ki:stәun/ | n. 拱顶石, 楔石, 重点 | n. the central building block at the top of an arch or vault | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#semester\|semester]] | /si'mestә/ | n. 学期 | n. one of two divisions of an academic year | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Wow! It looks like you were very generous with your grades this semester!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] | /'næpkin/ | n. 餐巾, 餐巾纸, 尿布 | n. a small piece of table linen that is used to wipe the mouth and to cover the  | 2 | 12 | 9 | *This right here is where I keep the pizza.  And uh that’s where the napkin is.* |
| von | /vɔn;fɔn;fәn/ | [计] 冯·诺伊曼 |  | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone’s name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burt\|burt]] |  | 伯特（人名） | n. English psychologist whose studies of twins were later said to have used fabr | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Burt!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curl\|curl]] | /kә:l/ | n. 拳曲, 鬈发 | n. American chemist who with Richard Smalley and Harold Kroto discovered fullere | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Yeah I know, it was my candle. My candle! Fireman #2: No, there was an appliance left on in the bath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crumbies\|crumbies]] | /'krʌmi/ | crumby1 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh-ho! But not in here! Can’t eat ‘em in bed, remember? No crumbies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lydia\|lydia]] | /'lidiә/ | n. 吕底亚(小亚细亚古国) | n. an ancient region on the coast of western Asia Minor; a powerful kingdom unti | 2 | 3 | 2 | *What?! No! No! Wait! You’re right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbid]] | /fә'bid/ | vt. 禁止, 不准, 妨碍 | v. command against | 2 | 11 | 9 | *I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can’t date. It’s against the rules. It’s forbidden.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hotties\|hotties]] | /'hɒti/ | n. 热辣性感的人；辣哥；辣妹 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there’s a big selling calendar, eh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exam]] | /ig'zæm/ | n. 考试, 测验 | n a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh hey, do you still have their final exams?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handwrite\|handwrite]] | /'hændrait/ | vt.<古>用手写 , 亲手写 | v write by hand | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, ‘cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]] | /bu:m/ | n. 繁荣, 隆隆声 | n. a deep prolonged loud noise | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Oh, ‘cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admirer\|admirer]] | /әd'maiәrә/ | n. 钦佩者, 仰慕者, 求爱者 | n. a person who admires; someone who esteems or respects or approves | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, ‘cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stake\|stake]] | /steik/ | n. 桩, 炮烙刑, 木柱, 赌注, 奖金 | n. instrument of execution consisting of a vertical post that a victim is tied t | 1 | 4 | 4 | *A hot girl’s at stake and all of the sudden he’s Rain Man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wou\|wou]] |  | [医][=women's outpatient unit]门诊女病室 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It’s a girl! Anyway, it wou—it wouldn’t matter. Okay? Because I’m a teacher and she’s a student.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mime\|mime]] | /maim/ | n. 哑剧, 小丑, 滑稽戏 | n. an actor who communicates entirely by gesture and facial expression | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It’s Chandler’s way of pretending he didn’t take mime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pacino\|pacino]] |  | n. (Pacino)人名；(西)帕西诺；(意)帕奇诺 |  | 1 | 8 | 3 | *Oh well listen, anyway she’s directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contain\|contain]] | /kәn'tein/ | vt. 包含, 容纳, 控制 | v. be divisible by | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh well, it’s not so bad. Fireman #1: Yeah, most of the damage is pretty mostly contained in the bed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uniform\|uniform]] | /'ju:nifɒ:m/ | n. 制服 | n. clothing of distinctive design worn by members of a particular group as a mea | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Hey buddy, do you think I can borrow your uniform this Thursday? Fireman #1: Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incense\|incense]] | /'inseins/ | n. 香, 香气, 奉承 | n. a substance that produces a fragrant odor when burned | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, not usually. But yeah, I could use one right now. Fireman #1: No-no-no, do you uh light candles?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] | /nә:v/ | n. 精神, 勇气, 叶脉, 神经 | n. any bundle of nerve fibers running to various organs and tissues of the body | 1 | 7 | 7 | *The nerve huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refill\|refill]] | /ri:'fil/ | n. 再注满, 替换物 | n. a prescription drug that is provided again | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Refill?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleepy\|sleepy]] | /'sli:pi/ | a. 困乏的, 欲睡的 | s. ready to fall asleep | 1 | 8 | 5 | *What? Of course I did! You uh, you sat next to Sleepy Sleeperson.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smelly\|smelly]] | /'smeli/ | a. 发臭的, 有臭味的 | s offensively malodorous | 1 | 34 | 7 | *Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone’s name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brownshirt\|brownshirt]] |  | n. 纳粹党党员 | n. a member of the Nazi SA which wore brown uniforms | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone’s name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cutie\|cutie]] | /'kju:ti/ | n. 漂亮女孩 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Umm, it’s Cutie McPretty.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mint\|mint]] | /mint/ | n. 薄荷, 造币厂, 巨额 | n. any north temperate plant of the genus Mentha with aromatic leaves and small  | 1 | 11 | 7 | *I did, Monica was so sweet she left a little mint on my pillow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appliance\|appliance]] | /ә'plaiәns/ | n. 器械, 用具, 应用 | n. a device or control that is very useful for a particular job | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah I know, it was my candle. My candle! Fireman #2: No, there was an appliance left on in the bath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strain\|strain]] | /strein/ | n. 紧张, 拉紧, 张力, 过劳, 扭伤, 血缘, 种, 族, 气质, 曲调, 旋律, 口吻 | n. (physics) deformation of a physical body under the action of applied forces | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Now there you go! I wouldn’t want my best guest to strain her eyes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inspector\|inspector]] | /in'spektә/ | n. 检查员, 巡视员 | n. a high ranking police officer | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hello?  Oh yes, one minute please.  It’s for you. It’s the fire inspector.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unattended\|unattended]] | /.ʌnә'tendid/ | a. 无人出席的, 无随员的, 无侍从的, 无伴的, 未被注意的 | s. not watched | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn’t the hair straightener that started the fire.  No-no, it was the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reputation\|reputation]] | /.repju'teiʃәn/ | n. 名誉, 名声, 声望 | n. notoriety for some particular characteristic | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well Ross, you be careful now. You don’t want to get a reputation as y’know Professor McNailshisstud* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caplin\|caplin]] | /'kæplin/ | n. 香鱼科的小海鱼 | n very small northern fish; forage for sea birds and marine mammals and other fi | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, that was Dana Caplin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yarn\|yarn]] | /jɑ:n/ | n. 纱, 纱线, 故事 | v. tell or spin a yarn | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weave\|weave]] | /wi:v/ | n. 编法, 织法, 编织式样 | n. pattern of weaving or structure of a fabric | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flatter]] | /'flætә/ | vt. 奉承, 阿谀, 使高兴 | v. praise somewhat dishonestly | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Wow. Oh, I am really flattered, but I just I don’t feel that way about you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homemade\|homemade]] | /'hәum'meid/ | a. 自制的, 国产的 | a. made or produced in the home or by yourself | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh that’s all right. I’m still full from your homemade potato chips.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]] | /stein/ | n. 污染, 污点, 着色剂 | n. a soiled or discolored appearance | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Oh but look! That’s gonna leave a stain!* |
| mel | /mel/ | [医] 蜂蜜 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What?! No! No! Wait! You’re right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#partly\|partly]] | /'pɑ:tli/ | adv. 部分地, 在一定程度上 | r in part; in some degree; not wholly | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I’m partl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kindle\|kindle]] | /'kindl/ | vt. 点燃, 使着火, 引起, 照亮 | v. catch fire | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I’m partl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handbook\|handbook]] | /'hænd,buk/ | n. 手册 | n. a concise reference book providing specific information about a subject or lo | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can’t date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can’t beli* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] | /di'skraib/ | vt. 描述, 描绘, 画 | v. give a description of | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Just hearing you describe it as forbidden, it’s really hot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#naughty\|naughty]] | /'nɒ:ti/ | a. 顽皮的, 没规矩的, 不适当的, 下流的 | s. badly behaved | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No! No! It’s wrong! It’s-it’s-it’s naughty. It’s taboo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taboo\|taboo]] | /tә'bu:/ | n. 禁忌, 禁止接近, 禁止使用 | n. a prejudice (especially in Polynesia and other South Pacific islands) that pr | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No! No! It’s wrong! It’s-it’s-it’s naughty. It’s taboo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thurs\|thurs]] |  | [经] 星期四 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wh? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when huh what? Thurs— Oh!* |
