---
season: 7
episode: "23"
title: "The One With Chandler and Monica&#146;s Wedding"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E23 — The One With Chandler and Monica&#146;s Wedding

Part I Written by: Greg Malins Part II Written by: David Crane & Marta Kauffman Parts I & II Transcribed by: Eric Aasen


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.

**Monica:** Do you realize this is probably the last time we’ll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?

**Phoebe:** Why?! What’s happening to the coffee house?! *(Monica looks at her.)* Oh! *(Realizes.)*

**Chandler:** Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.

**Monica:** Old?

**Chandler:** The young hot ball and chain.

**Monica:** That’s much better.

**Rachel:** *(checking her watch)* Op! We gotta go! *(The girls stand up.)*

**Ross:** Oh, where are you guys going?

**Monica:** We’re gonna pick up the wedding dress then we’re gonna have [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] with mom. *(Joey stands up.)*

**Ross:** Ah. Joey you’re-you’re having [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] with my mom?

**Joey:** No, I-I just heard [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]. But yeah, I can go. Sure! *(They all exit.)*

**Ross:** *(To Chandler)* Y’know what? Actually I’m kinda glad they’re leaving ‘cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.

**Chandler:** What’s up?

**Ross:** Well this uh, this may be a little [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]].

**Chandler:** Listen, if you want to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] money, its kind of a bad time. I’m buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.

**Ross:** No, its…Its not that. Umm, now what I’m going to say to you, I’m not saying as your friend. Okay? I’m-I’m saying as it as Monica’s older brother.

**Chandler:** But you’re still my friend?

**Ross:** Not for the next few minutes.

**Chandler:** During this time…are you, are you still my best man?

**Ross:** Nope.

**Chandler:** Do I still call you Ross?

**Ross:** Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn’t be more [[Friends-词汇总表#thrill\|thrilled]] for both of you, but as Monica’s older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any [[Friends-词汇总表#unhappiness\|unhappiness]] of any kind, I will [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] you down, and kick your ass! *(Chandler laughs.)* What? I’m-I’m-I’m serious! *(Chandler laughs harder.)* Come—Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I’m-I’m not kidding here!

**Chandler:** *(smiling)* Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warning]].

**Ross:** No problem.

**Chandler:** So are we…friends again?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(Pause)* You won’t believe what Monica’s older brother just said to me!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, the girls are having breakfast.

**Rachel:** What ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#cha\|cha]] doing Mon?

**Monica:** I’m making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepared]].

**Phoebe:** What are they?

**Monica:** Well, so far I have uh, my [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maids]] dresses won’t get picked up, my [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]] gets lost, or I don’t have my something blue.

**Rachel:** Hey! Those are all the things I’m responsible for!

**Monica:** I had to go with the [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]] Rach.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey! You guys! Remember that [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] I had a while ago and didn’t get the part?

**Rachel:** The commercial?

**Joey:** No!

**Phoebe:** That play?

**Joey:** No!

**Monica:** That other play?

**Joey:** Nooo!

**Phoebe:** The movie?

**Joey:** Yes!!

**Phoebe:** Ohh!

**Joey:** Yes that’s the one about the [[Friends-词汇总表#soldier\|soldiers]] who fight in World War I!

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah! Back then y’know, we called the Great War. It really was!

**Joey:** Well anyway, the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shooting]] today!

**Phoebe:** Congratulations!

**Rachel:** Oh that’s great!

**Monica:** Wait! Wait! Wait! You can’t start today! Today’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearsal\|rehearsal]] dinner!

**Joey:** Oh no, I’ll be done by then.

**Monica:** Oh. Well then way to go you big movie star!

**Joey:** I know! All right, I’ll see you guys over there! I’m off to fight the Nazis.

**Rachel:** Oh, wait Joey! We fought the Nazis in World War II, not World War I.

**Joey:** Whoa! Okay. Yeah well, who-who was in World War I? *(Rachel pauses as she thinks.)*

**Phoebe:** Go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]].

**Rachel:** You’re gonna be late! Go! Go! *(He runs out.)*

**Monica:** Who did we fight in World War I?

**Rachel:** Mexico?

**Phoebe:** Yes! Very good.


> [!scene] Scene: Pier 59 Studios, Joey is in costume and standing at the craft services table. He checks his pockets and finds some prop coins in a pouch, which he replaces with some cookies.

**The Assistant Director:** *(approaching)* Hey Joey! We’re ready.

**Joey:** Yeah! Me too. *(He pats his pocket.)*

**The Assistant Director:** *(to another actor)* Richard? We’re ready for you.

*(Richard approaches.) Joey Tribbiani? This is Richard Crosby he’s playing Vincent.*

**Joey:** I’m doing my scenes with you?

**Richard:** Nice to meet you Joey.

**Joey:** Wow! I can’t believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!

**Richard:** No I didn’t.

**Joey:** I think you did.

**Richard:** I think I lost. Three times.

**Joey:** Uh…Cookie?

**The Director:** *(approaching)* Okay! We’re about an hour away from getting the scene lit. So uh, if you guys don’t mind, can we run it a couple of times?

**Richard:** Yeah, sure.

**The Director:** Okay, all right. Let’s do it. *(He walks off.)* And…Action!

**Joey:** We have to find the rest of the [[Friends-词汇总表#platoon\|platoon]]!

**Richard:** Forget the [[Friends-词汇总表#platoon\|platoon]]! The platoon is gone! *(He is spitting on the hard Ps and Ts.)*

**Joey:** *(wiping his face)* What?!

**Richard:** *(still spitting)* The [[Friends-词汇总表#platoon\|platoon]] is dead! Face facts Tony!

**Joey:** *(wipes face)* So what are we gonna do?! We have no [[Friends-词汇总表#reinforcement\|reinforcements]]! No-no food!

**Richard:** No, we still have food in the [[Friends-词汇总表#basement\|basement]]! I saw [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]] and some [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pasta\|pasta]]!

*(Joey wipes his eye.)*

**The Director:** Hang on a minute! Joey, you keep touching your face. Is something wrong?

**Joey:** *(glances at Richard)* No. Nope, I uh…I th—I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y’know? He’s uh, he’s a face [[Friends-词汇总表#toucher\|toucher]].

*(Behind his back, Richard is nodding no.)*

**The Director:** I don’t think so. Let’s take it back to Richard’s last line. *(Walks off.)* Action!

**Richard:** We may not have any [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapons]], but we still have food. In the [[Friends-词汇总表#basement\|basement]] I saw [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]] and some [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pasta\|pasta]], and a few [[Friends-词汇总表#tin\|tins]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#tuna\|tuna]]! *(Joey backs away and wipes his face again.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is standing in the kitchen ready to leave for the rehearsal dinner.

**Monica:** Honey, we gotta go!

**Chandler:** *(entering from the bedroom)* Okay. Here’s a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] one of your [[Friends-词汇总表#pearl\|pearl]] [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklaces]].

**Monica:** *(laughs)* I don’t have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.

**Chandler:** Yes, include more people in this.

**Monica:** Hey, do you realize that at this time tomorrow we’ll be getting married?

**Chandler:** Wait a minute! I have a date tomorrow night.

**Monica:** I just, I can’t believe that we made it!

**Chandler:** Well you don’t have to sound so surprised.

**Monica:** I’m sorry but…nothing.

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** Well…[[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] ever since we got [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] I have been waiting for something to, to [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] you out.

**Chandler:** Honestly? Me too.

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** Yeah. Y’know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I’ll go all…Chandler. But nothing has.

**Monica:** Ohh, I’m so glad. Thank you so much for staying so [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] during this. I mean it’s really, it’s made me stay calm. *(Chandler just looks at her.)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] been worse!

**Chandler:** Okay. I’ll be right there.

*(She exits and as Chandler picks up his coat, the phone rings and the answering machine gets it.)*

**Monica:** *(voice on answering machine)* Hi! If you’re calling before Saturday, you’ve reached Monica and Chandler. But if you’re calling after Saturday, you’ve reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings!

*(Chandler freaks out and loosens his tie.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Rehearsal Dinner, Chandler and Monica are greeting guests as they arrive. A woman enters.

**Monica:** Hey Maureen! *(They hug.)* Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] Maureen.

**Chandler:** We’re the Bings.

*(Phoebe and Rachel walk up.)*

**Rachel:** Hi! Oh you guys look so beautiful!

**Chandler:** Mr. and Mrs. Bing! *(Walks away.)*

**Ross:** *(walks up)* Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.

**Monica:** What is that?

**Ross:** Well I…I told him that if he ever hurt you I would [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] him down and kick his ass! *(The girls all laugh.)* What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass! *(The laugh harder.)*

**Phoebe:** Ross, please! My make-up! *(He walks away angrily.)*

*(Chandler’s Mom enters and Chandler meets her by the door.)*

**Chandler:** Hi. Mrs. Bing: Chandler!

**Chandler:** Mom. Thanks for wearing something. *(They hug.)* *(She’s wearing a tight dress with a lot of cleavage showing.)* Mrs. Bing: Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]] you up so bad this day would never come. Oh and just think. Soon there’ll be lots of little Bings.

*(He freaks out and loosens the tie again.)*

*(Monica and her parents walk up.)*

**Monica:** Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller. Mrs. Geller: *(shaking her hand)* It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] to meet you. Mr. Geller: *(shaking her hand)* So are you his mother or his father? Mrs. Geller: Jack! Mr. Geller: What?! I’ve never seen one before!

**Monica:** Dad! There’s Ross *(points)*, why don’t you go talk to him?

*(Mr. and Mrs. Geller start to walk away.) Mr. Geller: I didn’t even have a chance to act as though I’m okay with it! Mr. Bing: (entering) Hello all!*

**Chandler:** Hi…dad.

**Monica:** Hi Mr.…Bing. Mr. Bing: Nora! Mrs. Bing: Charles.

**Monica:** It-it’s so great to see you both here. Mr. Bing: Yes! Although, I think we may be seeing a little too much of some people. Aren’t you a little old to be wearing a dress like that? Mrs. Bing: Don’t you have a little too much [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] to be wearing a dress like that?

**Chandler:** Oh my God! *(He and Monica walk away.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Mr. and Mrs. Geller talking to Ross.] Mr. Geller: …of course you can kick his ass son. Mrs. Geller: You could kick anyone’s ass you want too.

**Ross:** Thanks you guys. *(Walks away happily and his parents smile.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Monica.

**Monica:** Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] and would talk to Chandler’s dad and try to keep him away from Chandler’s mom?

**Rachel:** Yeah! But I don’t know what he looks like!

**Monica:** He is the man in the black dress.

**Rachel:** Man in the black dress… *(Monica walks away and Rachel looks around to find a woman in a black dress.)* *(To her)* Hi! I’m Rachel! I’m a friend of Monica and Chandler’s!

**Woman:** I’m Amanda.

**Rachel:** Oh I get it! A…man…duh!

**Ross:** *(clinking a wine glass)* Can I have everyone’s attention please? I’m uh; I’m Ross Geller. Mr. Geller: Doctor Ross Geller.

**Ross:** Dad…dad, please! As I was saying umm, I’m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I’m the best man. And uh, this [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#doubly\|doubly]] special for me umm, because not only is the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] my best friend but uh, the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] is my little sister. And, she’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] sister a guy could ask for. So if you’d all please join me in [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raising]] a glass to the, the couple we’re here to [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]]. *(Everyone does so.)* To the Bings.

**All:** To the Bings!

*(Everyone clinks glasses and Chandler freaks out again.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are in the kitchen.

**Monica:** All right, I’m gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]] my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?

**Rachel:** I’ll do it.

**Monica:** Who wants it? Anybody?

**Rachel:** I said I’ll do it!

**Monica:** Nobody wants to do it? All right, I’ll do it myself.

**Rachel:** Monica! I’m not gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] it up!

**Monica:** Y’know what? You’re right, I’m sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] and making sure she got to the hotel [[Friends-词汇总表#safely\|safely]].

**Rachel:** Well of course that is what I’m here for!

**Monica:** Okay. Sorry. *(Monica goes into the bathroom.)*

**Rachel:** Ugh! *(To Phoebe)* What [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is wearing sunglasses and as he exits his bedroom, Ross enters the apartment.

**Joey:** Hey! Where have you been?

**Ross:** Oh, taking my parents back to the hotel.

**Joey:** Oh.

**Ross:** What? Are you going back to work?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Nice [[Friends-词汇总表#shade\|shades]].

**Joey:** Thanks. Yeah, I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won’t get [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] in the eyes, y’know?

**Ross:** And if I remember [[Friends-词汇总表#correctly\|correctly]], Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!

**Joey:** Great! All right. I’ll see you later. *(He starts to leave.)*

**Ross:** Hey, where’s Chandler?

**Joey:** Uh, I think he’s in Rachel’s room. See ya. *(Exits.)*

**Ross:** *(going up to Rachel’s closed door)* Chandler? *(He opens the door and looks inside and doesn’t see him.)* Chandler? *(He checks the bathroom and still doesn’t find him. He then finds a note on the counter. He picks it up and reads it.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe and Rachel are in the kitchen as there is a knock on the door. Rachel answers it.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Ross:** Is uh, is Monica here?

**Rachel:** She’s [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steaming]] her dress, why? What’s up?

**Ross:** I think Chandler’s gone. *(He hands her the note.)*

**Rachel:** What?!

**Ross:** He left that.

**Rachel:** *(reading the note)* Tell Monica I’m sorry.

**Phoebe:** *(walking up)* What’s up? *(Rachel hands her the note and she reads it.)* Tell Monica I’m sorry. *(Pause)* Tell her yourself!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel are discussing the note.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! Chandler just left though!

**Rachel:** Yeah but, maybe it’s not what we think. Maybe it’s tell Monica I’m sorry I…drank the last of the [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]].

**Phoebe:** Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he’s changed his name, y’know? Tell Monica I’m sorry.

**Ross:** I think it means he freaked out and left!

**Phoebe:** Don’t be so [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]]! Good God! Isn’t it possible that Sorry is sitting in there *(Joey and Rachel’s apartment)* right now?!

**Rachel:** Okay. Phoebe, I-I think Ross is right. What are we gonna do?

**Ross:** Look—Okay, I’m just gonna—I’m gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** *(pointing at Ross)* Okay but if you don’t find him and bring him back, I am gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] you down and kick your ass!

*(Ross laughs and Phoebe points harder.)*

**Ross:** *(scared)* I will, I will find him.


> [!scene] Scene: The Movie Set, Joey is getting his make-up touched up as Richard approaches.

**Richard:** Hey Joey, could you uh, go through these lines with me? *(He’s holding a script.)*

**Joey:** Oh man! They-they just [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redid]] my make-up!

**Richard:** Just the last two pages.

**Joey:** All right.

*(They go onto the set.)*

**Richard:** I found the picture!

*(He’s still spitting and Joey holds his script in front of his face.)*

**Joey:** Picture? What picture?

**Richard:** Could you uh, could you lower your script? I need to see your face so I can uh, play off your [[Friends-词汇总表#reaction\|reaction]].

**Joey:** Okay uh, look I know you’re a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff…

**Richard:** Oh, thanks.

**Joey:** But you’re spittin’ all over me man!

**Richard:** Well of course I am!

**Joey:** You know you’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spitting]] on me?!

**Richard:** That’s what real actors do! Annunciation is the mark of a good actor! And when you [[Friends-词汇总表#enunciate\|enunciate]], you [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]]! *(Spits on the t)*

**Joey:** *(wiping face)* Wow! Didn’t know that.

**Richard:** Great!

**Joey:** Thanks! Okay-okay check it out! *(Reading from the script)* Picture? What picture? *(He pauses then spits)* Eh?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Gunther is behind the counter as Ross enters looking for Chandler.

**Ross:** Gunther have you uh, have you seen Chandler?

**Gunther:** No. No, I haven’t seen him.

**Ross:** Oh damn!

**Gunther:** He’s getting married tomorrow right?

**Ross:** Yes. Yes. Don’t worry. Everything’s fine. We’ll uh, we’ll see you tomorrow at the wedding.

**Gunther:** I wasn’t invited.

**Ross:** Well then we’ll-we’ll see you the day after tomorrow. *(Walks away slowly, but notices something.)* Mom?! Dad?! *(They’re sitting by the window.)* What-what…what you guys doing here?! Mr. Geller: Well you kids talk about this place so much, we thought we’d see what all the [[Friends-词汇总表#fuss\|fuss]] is about. Mrs. Geller: I [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] see what the girls like coming here.

**Ross:** Why?! Mrs. Geller: The sexy [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] behind the counter. *(She waves at Gunther who waves back.)*

**Ross:** *(shocked)* Gunther?! Mr. Geller: Your mother just added him to her list.

**Ross:** What? Your-your list? Mrs. Geller: Yeah, the list that—of people we’re allowed to sleep…

**Ross:** Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him know I’m looking for him? Mr. Geller: And if you see Rita Moreno, let her know I’m looking for her.

*(Ross points at him and exits.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Movie Set, Richard and Joey are doing a scene.

**The Director:** Action!

**Richard:** I found the picture!

**Joey:** What picture?!

**Richard:** The picture of my wife! In your pack!

**Joey:** You went through my personal property?

**Richard:** Why do have a picture of Paulette in your pack?!

**Joey:** *(pause)* Because Vincent, we were [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lovers]]. *(Pause)* For two years!

**The Director:** Cut! Wonderful!

*(Joey and Richard both wipe their faces and are given towels.)*

**Joey:** Great scene yeah?

**Richard:** Oh you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]]! And, in that last [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]? You [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soaked]] me.

**Joey:** Thanks a lot.

**The Assistant Director:** *(To Joey)* Here’s your call sheet for tomorrow.

**Joey:** Oh, I’m-I’m not working tomorrow.

**The Assistant Director:** You are now.

**Joey:** No! No! I can’t! You gotta get me out of it! I’ve got plans!

*(Spits.) Important plans! (Spits on the Ps.)*

*(The AD walks away wiping his face.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, the next morning, Rachel and Phoebe are eating breakfast.

**Rachel:** *(closing the door)* Ross said there’s still no word from Chandler.

**Phoebe:** Oh man.

**Rachel:** Oh but he did say that they found the [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wander\|wandering]] down [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] avenue.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Well there’s one down.

**Monica:** *(entering from her room, excitedly)* I’m getting married today!!!

*(She trips and falls.) (Getting up) I think I just cracked a rib. But I don’t care because today’s my wedding day! My day is finally here!! (Runs back into her room.)*

**Phoebe:** Y’know she might not even notice he’s gone.

**Monica:** *(re-entering)* I’m gonna start getting ready! *(Goes back into her room.)*

**Rachel:** God! Don’t—We can’t let her start getting ready! This is too [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]]! Oh God, but wait she’ll be in the [[Friends-词汇总表#gown\|gown]] and then he won’t show up and then she’s gonna have to take off the gown…

**Phoebe:** Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can’t do this here! *(She drags her into the bathroom.)*

**Rachel:** I’m sorry. I’m sorry. It’s just…It’s just so sad!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but you’ve got to pull yourself together! Monica can’t see you like this! Then she’ll know something’s wrong!

**Rachel:** I know. I know. Oh God. *(Looking around)* There’s no [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]]! Can you grab me some [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] paper?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. *(Looks.)* Oh, that’s gone too. This is Monica’s bathroom right?!

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Phoebe:** No-no! I-I…I found one.

**Rachel:** Okay.

*(Phoebe reaches into the trash can, pulls one out, and hands it to Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Oh thank you! *(Wiping her nose.)* Oh God! *(She throws it out.)* Can I have another one?

**Phoebe:** *(looking into the trash can)* Sure. *(Reaching into the trash can.)* Do you need some [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|floss]]? *(Grabs a piece of it.)*

**Rachel:** Oh God I just can not [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn’t show up!

**Phoebe:** Oh here’s a whole [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]].

**Rachel:** Oh, I mean she’s gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whispering]], "Oh that poor girl." Y’know? Then she’ll have to come back here and live all alone.

**Phoebe:** *(finding something interesting in the trash can)* Oh my God!

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** There was a [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] test in the [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]], and it’s positive. Monica’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]. *(Rachel covers her mouth.)* So I guess she won’t be totally alone.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler’s bathroom, the scene is continued from earlier.

**Rachel:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** I know! Monica’s gonna have a baby! Hey, can this count as her something new?

**Rachel:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?

**Rachel:** No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] last night.

**Phoebe:** Oh God, this is turning into the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] wedding day ever! The [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]. The [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] is missing. And I’m still holding this. *(She throws the test back into the trash.)*

**Rachel:** Okay Phoebe, we can not tell anyone about this.

**Phoebe:** Right.

**Rachel:** Okay?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, okay. Hey, wait. Do you know what kind of birth control she was using?

**Rachel:** No. Why?

**Phoebe:** Just for the future, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] a commercial for it.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Ross is just hanging up the phone as Rachel and Phoebe enter.

**Rachel:** Anything?

**Ross:** No! I talked to Joey on the set, he hasn’t heard from him. I-I-I talked to Chandler’s parents again!

**Phoebe:** You told them he was missing?

**Ross:** No! I made it seem like I was just calling to chat. Pretty sure, they both think I’m interested in them.

**Rachel:** All right, we’ve got to tell her he’s gone. *(Starts to leave.)*

**Ross:** No! Hey! Hey! We can’t!

**Rachel:** Ross, she’s gonna start getting ready soon!

**Ross:** Well, can’t you at least [[Friends-词汇总表#stall\|stall]] her a little? I’ll-I’ll go back to some of the places I went last night.

**Rachel:** All right, well how much time do you need?

**Ross:** Well how much time before she absolutely has to start getting ready?

**Rachel:** One hour.

**Ross:** Give me two.

**Rachel:** Then why do you ask?!

*(They all go into the hallway.)*

**Ross:** Okay, wish me luck.

**Phoebe:** Okay. I’m going with you.

**Ross:** Why?!

**Phoebe:** Ross, you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]]. You’ve been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.

**Rachel:** All right, I’ll see you guys later.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Wait, do you know how you’re going to [[Friends-词汇总表#stall\|stall]] her?

**Rachel:** I’ll figure something out.

**Phoebe:** All right. Good luck.

**Rachel:** Thanks.

*(Phoebe and Ross go to look for Chandler and Rachel enters Monica and Chandler’s.)*

**Monica:** Hey! Okay, so I thought we’d start with my make up and then do my hair.

**Rachel:** Okay uh, but before you do that. I-I, I need you to talk to me.

**Monica:** About what?

**Rachel:** Umm… I’m never gonna getting married!

**Monica:** Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?

**Rachel:** No Monica! I’m serious! Oh, maybe I should just forget about it. Become a lesbian or something.

**Monica:** Any woman would be lucky to have ya.

**Rachel:** Well maybe it would make me feel better if I slept with Joey.

**Monica:** *(jumping up)* Rachel! You okay?


> [!scene] Scene: The Movie Set, Joey is reporting for work.

**Joey:** Excuse me, Aaron? *(The director turns around.)* Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn’t supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It’s my best friend’s, and I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#officiate\|officiating]] so I really can’t work past four.

**The Director:** Joey, you gotta stay until the end. We can’t stop filming just for you. It’s not like it’s your wedding. *(Starts to walk away.)*

**Joey:** I’m having surgery!

**The Director:** What?!

**Joey:** Yeah, I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn’t want you to worry about me. But, I’m having surgery today.

**The Director:** What kind of surgery?!

**Joey:** Transplant.

**The Director:** But you’re supposed to work on Monday.

**Joey:** Hair [[Friends-词汇总表#transplant\|transplant]].

**The Director:** But you’re not bald.

**Joey:** It’s not on my head.

**The Director:** Look Joey, there’s nothing I can do. Besides, you’re probably gonna be out by four anyway. We’ve just got one short scene. It’s just you and Richard, and God knows he’s a pro. You’ll be fine. *(Walks away and sees Richard entering.)* Morning Richard.

**Joey:** Hey! You’re here! Great! Great! Great! Let’s get going buddy, we’ve got a scene to [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]]!

**Richard:** I’m wearing two [[Friends-词汇总表#belt\|belts]].

**Joey:** Are you drunk?

**Richard:** No!

**Joey:** Yes you are!

**Richard:** All right.


> [!scene] Scene: A Street, Phoebe and Ross are exiting a pizza place.

**Ross:** We are never gonna find him! He’s one guy in a huge city!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! Is that him? *(She points at someone.)*

**Ross:** That is an old, Chinese woman!

**Phoebe:** He could be in [[Friends-词汇总表#disguise\|disguise]], y’know.

**Ross:** Aw, y’know…Y’know, maybe we’re-we’re just approaching this all wrong. If you’re Chandler and-and you wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]], where is the last place on Earth people would think you’d go?


> [!scene] Cut to an office building.

**Ross:** So this is your office?

**Chandler:** How did you guys find me? I knew I should’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hid]] at the [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]]!

**Phoebe:** What the hell are you doing?!

**Chandler:** Panicking! And using the Internet to try to [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] that I’m related to Monica. How is she?

**Ross:** She’s fine. She doesn’t know you’re gone. And she doesn’t have to know, okay? Now come on, we’re going home.

**Chandler:** No! No! No! I can’t do that!

**Phoebe:** Why not?!

**Chandler:** Because if I go home, we’re gonna become the Bings! I can’t be the Bings!

**Ross:** What’s wrong with being the Bings?

**Chandler:** The Bings have [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriages]]! They [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]]. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a [[Friends-词汇总表#pawn\|pawn]] in their sexual games!

**Ross:** Chandler, have you ever put on a black [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]] dress and asked me up to your hotel room?

**Chandler:** No.

**Ross:** Then you are [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] of your parents!

**Chandler:** It’s not just their [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody’s! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I’ve met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don’t race cars! I don’t make [[Friends-词汇总表#popcorn\|popcorn]]! None of my [[Friends-词汇总表#proceed\|proceeds]] go to [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]].

**Phoebe:** But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.

**Chandler:** I want to. I love her so much, but I’m afr…It’s too huge.

**Ross:** Y’know, okay. You’re right. It is huge. So why don’t we take it just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?

**Chandler:** Well yeah, but then…

**Ross:** *(interrupting him)* Yeah—No-but-but-but-but! We’re just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] right?

**Chandler:** Depends on what you mean by we.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel is still trying to stall Monica.

**Rachel:** The nights are the [[Friends-词汇总表#hardest\|hardest]]. *(Checks her watch.)* But then the day comes! And that’s every [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] as hard as the night. And then the night comes again…

**Monica:** *(interrupting)* The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I’m sorry! I have to start getting ready! I’m getting married today!

**Rachel:** I know. At [[Friends-词汇总表#dusk\|dusk]]. That’s such a hard time for me.

**Monica:** *(getting up)* I’m gonna go put my make up on, we have to be at the hotel in an hour! *(Starts for the bathroom.)*

**Rachel:** Okay. But wait!

**Monica:** What?!

**Rachel:** Let’s go to [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Monica:** I can’t go to [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]!!

**Rachel:** Right.

*(Monica goes into the bathroom and Rachel thinks quickly.)*

**Rachel:** Oh good God! I’ve fallen down! *(She trips and falls.)*

**Monica:** *(entering)* What’s going on?

**Rachel:** Okay. All right. *(Gets up.)* Honey listen. When I tell you what I’m about to tell you, I need you to remember that we are all here for you and that we love you.

**Monica:** Okay, you’re-you’re really freaking me out.

**Rachel:** We can’t find Chandler…*(Phoebe sticks her head and motions that they found Chandler)*—‘s [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vest]]. We can’t find Chandler’s vest.

**Monica:** How can that be?! Oh wait! Wait! Are you, are you serious?!

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Found the [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vest]]! I mean we’re gonna have to keep an eye on it, y’know make sure we don’t lose it again…

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Monica:** Oh wow! Okay. Don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] me like that okay? I mean for a minute there I was like, "Oh my God! The [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] has happened!"

*(Monica goes into the bathroom and Phoebe and Rachel breathe a sigh of relief.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Movie Set, Joey and Richard are in the middle of a scene. They are both holding swords.

**Joey:** I would [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] die in this [[Friends-词汇总表#hellhole\|hellhole]] then see her back with you!

**Richard:** That can be [[Friends-词汇总表#arrange\|arranged]].

*(Richard thrusts, misses Joey by several feet and Joey screams in pain and drops to his knees.)*

**The Director:** Let’s reset.

**Joey:** What?! He got me! Owwwwww!!!

**The Director:** Let’s take it from there.

**Richard:** *(To Joey)* Are you a little off today? It’s going [[Friends-词汇总表#terribly\|terribly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#slowly\|slowly]].

**Joey:** Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I’m the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?

**Richard:** Of course! I’m-I’m sorry. I-I’d hate you to miss anything like that on account of me. I can do this!

**Joey:** Thank you. Thank you.

**The Director:** Still rolling, annnnd action!

**Joey:** I would [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] die in this [[Friends-词汇总表#hellhole\|hellhole]] then see her back with you!

**Richard:** Now, that can be [[Friends-词汇总表#arrange\|arranged]]! *(He brings his sword back and drops it, causing it to fly over the wall.)* Slippery little [[Friends-词汇总表#bugger\|bugger]]!


> [!scene] Scene: The Hotel, Monica’s room, Mr. and Mrs. Bing are staring at each other while Phoebe looks on.

**Phoebe:** So-so you two were married huh? What happened? You just [[Friends-词汇总表#drift\|drift]] [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]]?

*(Rachel and Mrs. Geller enter.) Mrs. Geller: Here comes the bride.*

*(Monica enters wearing her wedding dress.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God Monica!

**Monica:** I wanna wear this [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]].

**Rachel:** You look so beautiful.

**Monica:** *(starting to cry)* I’m so happy for me.

*(The phone rings and Rachel answers it.)*

**Rachel:** Hello?

**Joey:** *(on phone)* Hey! Did Chandler show up yet?

**Rachel:** Yeah, we got him back. Everything’s fine.

**Joey:** Damnit!

**Rachel:** What? Why? Where are you?

**Joey:** I’m still on the set!

**Rachel:** Joey! The wedding is in less than an hour!

**Joey:** I know! I’m sorry! The guy’s drunk, they won’t let me go until we get this.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! I’m gonna have to find another minister.

**Joey:** No! No, I’m the minister! All right, look-look, put ‘em both on the phone, I’ll marry them right now.

**Rachel:** Ugh! Joey, I have to go.

**Joey:** Hey! Don’t you hang up on me! I’ll marry you and me right now! I have the power!

*(She hangs up anyway.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler’s Hotel Room, Ross is getting Chandler ready.

**Ross:** There you go. You put on a [[Friends-词汇总表#tuxedo\|tuxedo]]! Now that wasn’t so [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]], was it?

**Chandler:** No.

**Ross:** I’m telling you, just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] at a time.

**Chandler:** Yeah okay. Well, what’s the next little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]?

**Ross:** Getting married. *(Chandler panics.)* Okay. Okay. You can, you can do that too! Just like you’ve done everything else!

**Chandler:** Yeah. You’re right. Hey I-I can do that.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Okay, excuse me for a minute. *(Starts to leave)*

**Ross:** Wh—Hey—Whoa-whoa, where, where you going?!

**Chandler:** Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.

**Ross:** Okay.

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(Chandler goes out into the hall and lights up a cigarette.)*

**Chandler:** Oh fresh air!

*(He hears Phoebe and Rachel coming and hides in the ice machine room.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Rachel)* Wait! Maybe, maybe you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#overreact\|overreacting]]! You do that y’know.

**Rachel:** Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! *(They turn the corner.)* Well, y’know. I mean there’s no way Joey’s gonna make it in time. So I’m gonna through the hotel and see if there’s any other weddings going on.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Oh but don’t tell them Monica’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] because, they [[Friends-词汇总表#frown\|frown]] on that.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** Okay.

*(They head in separate directions and Chandler emerges and he’s so shocked that his cigarette is hanging from his lip.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Hotel, Rachel is walking through the ballroom area and comes upon the sign for the Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding.

**Rachel:** Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It’s a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to [[Friends-词汇总表#pronounce\|pronounce]] those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.}*(The happy couple emerges.)* Congratulations. *(To the best man and maid of honor)* Mazel Tov! *(The rabbi emerges.)* Hi! Oh, great hat. *(He’s wearing an interesting hat and she takes him over to talk.)* Listen umm, I need you to [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] another wedding. Can you do that?

**The Rabbi:** I don’t know. Are they Greek Orthodox?

**Rachel:** Yeah! Yeah. They’re…they’re-they’re my friends, uh, Monica Stephanopolus and uh, and Chandler Acidofolus.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s Hotel Room, Chandler and Monica’s parents and Phoebe are there as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hi! *(To Mrs. Bing)* Hi! *(Mr. Bing starts rubbing his arm.)* Hi. Has umm, anyone seen Chandler? Mr. Geller: I thought he was with you.

**Ross:** He-he was with me umm, we’re playing a little game, y’know? Hide and [[Friends-词汇总表#seek\|seek]]. Mr. Geller: You can’t ask us son, that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheating]].

**Ross:** *(pause)* You’re right, thanks for keeping me [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] dad. Mrs. Geller: Well, he better not come by here. He can’t see the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] in the wedding dress. Mrs. Bing: As I [[Friends-词汇总表#recall\|recall]] when we got married, I saw the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] in the wedding dress. Mr. Bing: But that was after the wedding, it’s not bad luck then. Mrs. Bing: Honey, it isn’t good luck.

*(Monica enters.)*

**Ross:** Oh my God! Monica!

**Monica:** I know! Hey, how’s Chandler doin’?

**Ross:** Great. He’s doing great. Don’t you worry about Chandler.

**Monica:** Are you okay?

**Ross:** Uh-huh.

**Monica:** Well, you’re-you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweating]].

**Ross:** These-these are [[Friends-词汇总表#bead\|beads]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]].

**Monica:** Oh that’s sweet. Don’t touch me.

**Ross:** Uh Phoebe, can I see you for a second?

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

*(They both go out into the hall.)*

**Phoebe:** What’s going on?

**Ross:** Chandler’s gone again!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! Why would you play [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#seek\|seek]] with someone you know is a flight risk?!

*(Ross just glares at her.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Movie Set, Joey is walking up to the director, pleading with him to let him go.

**Joey:** Aaron! You gotta let me go. The guy’s [[Friends-词汇总表#hammer\|hammered]]!

**The Director:** I’m sorry Joey, as long as he’s here and he’s conscious we’re still shooting.

*(He walks away and Joey does Ross’s fist thing. He then enters Richard’s dressing room, to find Richard cutting his steak with his sword.)*

**Richard:** You wouldn’t happen to have a very big [[Friends-词汇总表#fork\|fork]]?

**Joey:** So I uh, I just talked to the director. That’s it, we’re done for the day.

**Richard:** Well have we finished the scene?

**Joey:** Yeah! You…you were wonderful.

**Richard:** As were you.

**Joey:** So I got your car, it’s right outside.

**Richard:** Why? Are we done for the day?

**Joey:** That’s what you told me.

**Richard:** Oh, thank you. You’re welcome. *(He stands up, staggers to the couch, and starts to lie down.)*

**Joey:** No-no-no! We gotta go! Come on! *(Joey picks him up in a fireman’s carry and carries him out.)* Here we go.

**Richard:** Is that my ass? *(He’s looking at Joey’s.)*

*(And as Joey walks out the door, Richard grabs a bottle of Scotch, just as the door closes and carries it with him.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Hotel, Phoebe and Ross are looking for Chandler.

**Ross:** *(turning a corner)* There he is!!

**Chandler:** What?

*(Ross runs over and tackles him.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey! Oh!

**Ross:** You’re not getting away this time [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]]! Unless you want that ass kicking we talked about!

**Chandler:** Ross! *(He starts to get up.)*

**Ross:** Hiiii-Ya!! *(Chandler lies back down.)* I’m serious! You’re not walking out on my sister!

**Chandler:** *(standing up)* That’s right! I’m not!

**Ross:** Then where the hell have you been?!

**Chandler:** I know about Monica.

**Phoebe:** You know?!

**Ross:** What?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I heard you and Rachel talking.

**Ross:** What?! What?! Talking about what?!

**Chandler:** You don’t know?

**Ross:** Know what—If somebody doesn’t tell me what’s going on right now…

**Phoebe:** What? You’ll hi-ya?

**Chandler:** Monica’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Ross:** Oh my God. Oh my God! And you’re-you’re…you’re not freaking out?

**Chandler:** Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]]… Phoebe and Ross: Cigarettes?!!

**Chandler:** Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that’s when I uh, saw this. *(He holds up a little, tiny baby jumper that reads I (heart)* New York.) Yeah, y’know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can’t be [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]].

**Phoebe:** Well you obviously didn’t see Chucky 3.

**Chandler:** But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she’d know I was okay.

**Ross:** Dude. *(Hugs him.)*

*(Mr. Geller turns the corner.) Mr. Geller: Way to go son! I knew you’d find him!*


> [!scene] Scene: The moment we waited for has finally arrived. It’s time for Monica and Chandler’s wedding. We’ve got violins playing Every Breath You Take, we’ve got guests seated, and Chandler starts walking down the aisle with his parents on either arm.] Mr. Bing: Our little boy is getting married. Mrs. Bing: Oh look at you! So handsome!

**Chandler:** You look beautiful mom. *(His dad clears his throat.)* You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. *(He kisses his dad on the cheek)* I’m so glad you here. *(He kisses his mom.)*

*(He walks up onto the altar and notices the rabbi.)*

**The Rabbi:** Are you Chandler?

**Chandler:** Are you Joey?

*(Ross walks down the aisle with Phoebe and Rachel on his arms.)*

**Ross:** Huh. This is nice.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Ross:** I’ve never walked down the [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] knowing it can’t end in divorce.

*(Finally, Monica with her parents on her arms start down the aisle.) Mrs. Geller: Oh I wish you’re grandmother had lived to see this.*

**Monica:** She’s right there. Mrs. Geller: Not that old [[Friends-词汇总表#crow\|crow]], my mother. *(They stop and she kisses Monica on the cheek.)* Congratulations [[Friends-词汇总表#darling\|darling]]. Mr. Geller: I love you [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]]. *(He kisses her and they sit down.)*

*(Chandler steps off the altar to greet his bride-to-be.)*

**Chandler:** You look beautiful. Is this new? *(Her dress.)*

**Monica:** Not now.

**Chandler:** Okay.

*(They both step up onto the altar and she notices the rabbi.)*

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* Who is this?

**The Rabbi:** I am Father Kalebasous.

**Chandler:** *(in Monica’s ear)* He’s Greek Orthodox.

**Rachel:** *(leaning in)* As are you…

**The Rabbi:** Let us begin. Dearly beloved…

**Joey:** *(entering)* That’s my line! *(He walks up the aisle and to the rabbi)* I can take it from here, thanks. *(To all)* Dearly [[Friends-词汇总表#beloved\|beloved]], I’m sorry I’m a little late. You may be [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]] by this now, *(He’s still in costume)* but you won’t be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let’s get started before the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] takes off again. Huh? *(Monica is shocked and looks around.)* We are [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gathered]] here today, to join this man and this woman in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bonds]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#holy\|holy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#matrimony\|matrimony]]. I’ve known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I’ve left my notes in my dressing room. We shall [[Friends-词汇总表#proceed\|proceed]] to the [[Friends-词汇总表#vow\|vows]]. Monica?

*(She turns to get her vows from Rachel.)*

**Monica:** *(To Rachel)* He took off?

**Rachel:** Go on! Go on. *(She turns back to Chandler.)*

**Monica:** Chandler, for so long I…I wondered if I would ever find my [[Friends-词汇总表#prince\|prince]], my soul [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]]. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for [[Friends-词汇总表#comfort\|comfort]]. And in [[Friends-词汇总表#stead\|stead]], I found everything that I’d ever been looking for my whole life. And now…here we are…with our future before us…and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don’t want to. You go!

**Joey:** Chandler?

*(Ross leans in to give Chandler his vows.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Ross)* No, that’s okay. *(Ross nods and retreats.)* Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it’s okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I’m sure? *(He leans in and kisses her.)*

**Joey:** You may not kiss the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]]. So, I guess by the powers [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vested]] in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now [[Friends-词汇总表#pronounce\|pronounce]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?

**Chandler:** I do.

**Monica:** I do.

**Joey:** Yeah you do!

**Ross:** Rings?

**Joey:** Aw [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]! Okay—uh…uh let’s-let’s do the rings.

*(Chandler and Monica both turn, take the rings from Ross and Rachel respectively, and place them on each other’s fingers.)*

**Joey:** We good? Yeah? Good? Once again, I [[Friends-词汇总表#pronounce\|pronounce]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] and wife. *(To Chandler)* Now kiss her again.

*(They kiss and everyone applauds.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* I love you. And I know about the baby.

**Monica:** What baby?

**Chandler:** Our baby.

**Monica:** We have a baby?

**Chandler:** Phoebe found your [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] test in the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]].

**Monica:** I didn’t take a [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] test.

**Chandler:** Then…who did?


> [!scene] Cut to Phoebe and Rachel.

**Phoebe:** Oh and they’re gonna have a baby.

**Rachel:** Uh-huh.

*(The camera zooms in on Rachel who has a very worried and frightened look on her face and she slowly takes a deep breath.)*


> [!scene] Fade to black.] Ending Credits {Transcriber’s Note: There was no trailer for this episode. See you in season 8; which will start this fall.}


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 20 | 376 | 86 | *Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller. Mrs. Geller:  It’s lovely to meet y* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 12 | 155 | 54 | *Hi! If you’re calling before Saturday, you’ve reached Monica and Chandler. But if you’re calling aft* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 11 | 422 | 131 | *Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn’t be more thrilled for both of you, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 9 | 135 | 75 | *We’re gonna pick up the wedding dress then we’re gonna have lunch with mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 7 | 308 | 105 | *We’re gonna pick up the wedding dress then we’re gonna have lunch with mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 6 | 296 | 85 | *Okay. Here’s a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could bor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 4 | 181 | 87 | *Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn’t be more thrilled for both of you, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 4 | 83 | 61 | *Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn’t be more thrilled for both of you, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 4 | 102 | 59 | *Yes that’s the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 4 | 219 | 150 | *Forget the platoon! The platoon is gone!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 4 | 209 | 116 | *Mom. Thanks for wearing something.   Mrs. Bing: Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 4 | 116 | 69 | *Okay, wish me luck.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 3 | 121 | 86 | *Y’know what? Actually I’m kinda glad they’re leaving ‘cause uh, I need to talk to you about somethin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 3 | 169 | 121 | *Yes. Yes. Don’t worry. Everything’s fine. We’ll uh, we’ll see you tomorrow at the wedding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 2 | 88 | 74 | *Do you realize this is probably the last time we’ll all be here in the coffee house as six single pe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I’m buying dinner for 128 people tomorr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn’t be more thrilled for both of you, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 2 | 88 | 57 | *Okay uh, look I know you’re a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 2 | 82 | 60 | *Yeah, but you’ve got to pull yourself together! Monica can’t see you like this! Then she’ll know som* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn’t show up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it’s positive. Monica’s pregnant.  So I guess she won* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it’s positive. Monica’s pregnant.  So I guess she won* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, Aaron?  Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn’t suppose* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Are you drunk?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell are you doing?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 2 | 73 | 50 | *Y’know, okay. You’re right. It is huge. So why don’t we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? U* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 2 | 99 | 81 | *Okay, you’re-you’re really freaking me out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 2 | 115 | 97 | *Chandler, for so long I…I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 2 | 219 | 100 | *You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn’t be more thrilled for both of you, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Well anyway, the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Wow! I can’t believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Well you don’t have to sound so surprised.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Yeah. Y’know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I’ll go all…Chandler. But no* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Ohh, I’m so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it’s really, it’s made m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Mom. Thanks for wearing something.   Mrs. Bing: Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed * |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Dad…dad, please! As I was saying umm, I’m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I’m the best man. And uh, this m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Don’t be so negative! Good God! Isn’t it possible that Sorry is sitting in there  right now?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Oh damn!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *I wasn’t invited.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *I’m sorry. I’m sorry. It’s just…It’s just so sad!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *I know. I know. Oh God.  There’s no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Yeah.  Oh, that’s gone too. This is Monica’s bathroom right?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Well how much time before she absolutely has to start getting ready?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Ross, you’re tired. You’ve been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Any woman would be lucky to have ya.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Well maybe it would make me feel better if I slept with Joey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Excuse me, Aaron?  Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn’t suppose* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *It’s not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody’s! The only person that can m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Found the vest! I mean we’re gonna have to keep an eye on it, y’know make sure we don’t lose it agai* |

### 常用词（67）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 5 | 92 | 47 | *We’re gonna pick up the wedding dress then we’re gonna have lunch with mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] | /braid/ | n. 新娘 | n. a woman who has recently been married | 5 | 33 | 18 | *Well, so far I have uh, my bride’s maids dresses won’t get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] | /gru:m/ | n. 马夫, 新郎, 男仆 | n. a man participant in his own marriage ceremony | 4 | 19 | 10 | *Dad…dad, please! As I was saying umm, I’m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I’m the best man. And uh, this m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 4 | 118 | 49 | *There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it’s positive. Monica’s pregnant.  So I guess she won* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 3 | 60 | 48 | *Congratulations!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 3 | 93 | 40 | *Dad…dad, please! As I was saying umm, I’m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I’m the best man. And uh, this m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 3 | 68 | 39 | *Y’know what? You’re right, I’m sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for put* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] | /'preɡnәnsi/ | n. 怀孕；丰富, 多产；意义深长 | n. the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman | 3 | 19 | 14 | *There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it’s positive. Monica’s pregnant.  So I guess she won* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 3 | 47 | 42 | *Aw, y’know…Y’know, maybe we’re-we’re just approaching this all wrong. If you’re Chandler and-and you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 3 | 32 | 28 | *Yeah—No-but-but-but-but! We’re just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that’s not scary right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 2 | 62 | 47 | *Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I’m buying dinner for 128 people tomorr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 2 | 26 | 15 | *No, we still have food in the basement! I saw potatoes and some dry pasta!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 2 | 40 | 34 | *No, we still have food in the basement! I saw potatoes and some dry pasta!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 2 | 55 | 42 | *Ohh, I’m so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it’s really, it’s made m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] | /spit/ | n. 唾液, 唾吐, 小雨, 炙叉, 一铲的深度 | n. a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea | 2 | 26 | 22 | *Thanks. Yeah, I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won’t get spit in the eyes, y’know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 2 | 58 | 40 | *Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn’t show up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 2 | 24 | 19 | *No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 2 | 58 | 45 | *Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] | /'su:nә/ | n. (美)(非正式)抢先占有土地者, 抢先而获得不正当利益的人 | r. comparatives of `soon' or `early' | 2 | 16 | 11 | *I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] | /ail/ | n. 走廊, 侧廊, 过道 | n. a long narrow passage (as in a cave or woods) | 2 | 15 | 12 | *I’ve never walked down the aisle knowing it can’t end in divorce.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 2 | 68 | 42 | *You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] | /'ɒ:kwәd/ | a. 笨拙的, 棘手的 | s. causing inconvenience | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] | /meid/ | n. 少女, 未婚女子, 女仆 | n. a female domestic | 1 | 38 | 15 | *Well, so far I have uh, my bride’s maids dresses won’t get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 1 | 87 | 38 | *Hey! You guys! Remember that audition I had a while ago and didn’t get the part?* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 1 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Well anyway, the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Go ahead.* |
| tony | /'tәuni/ | a. 高贵的, 时髦的 | n. A simpleton. | 1 | 17 | 11 | *The platoon is dead! Face facts Tony!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 1 | 40 | 20 | *Well…honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Well…honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] | /'ɒnistli/ | adv. 真诚地, 公正地 | r. (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the ca | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Well…honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Hey Maureen!  Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 1 | 29 | 19 | *Hey Maureen!  Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Mom. Thanks for wearing something.   Mrs. Bing: Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed * |
| judy | /'dʒu:di/ | n. 朱迪（女子名）；朱迪（英国木偶戏 Punch and Judy中的妻子） |  | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller. Mrs. Geller:  It’s lovely to meet y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller. Mrs. Geller:  It’s lovely to meet y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *It-it’s so great to see you both here. Mr. Bing: Yes! Although, I think we may be seeing a little to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] | /'pi:nis/ | n. 阳物, 阴茎 | n. the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism) | 1 | 16 | 13 | *It-it’s so great to see you both here. Mr. Bing: Yes! Although, I think we may be seeing a little to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler’s dad and try to keep hi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Dad…dad, please! As I was saying umm, I’m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I’m the best man. And uh, this m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *Dad…dad, please! As I was saying umm, I’m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I’m the best man. And uh, this m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Dad…dad, please! As I was saying umm, I’m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I’m the best man. And uh, this m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *Y’know what? You’re right, I’m sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for put* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Yeah but, maybe it’s not what we think. Maybe it’s tell Monica I’m sorry I…drank the last of the mil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *Well then we’ll-we’ll see you the day after tomorrow.  Mom?! Dad?!  What-what…what you guys doing he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] | /blɔnd/ | a. (头发)亚麻色的, 淡色的, 白肤金发碧眼的, 白里透红的, 白皙的, 淡黄色的 | n a person with fair skin and hair | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Why?! Mrs. Geller: The sexy blonde behind the counter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *Because Vincent, we were lovers.  For two years!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] | /'ɒ:sәm/ | a. 引起敬畏的, 可怕的 | s inspiring awe or admiration or wonder | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Oh you’re awesome! And, in that last speech? You soaked me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] | /spi:tʃ/ | n. 演讲, 说话, 谈话, 言语, 引语, 民族语言 | n. (language) communication by word of mouth | 1 | 45 | 22 | *Oh you’re awesome! And, in that last speech? You soaked me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] | /fifθ/ | num. 第五, 五分之一 | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Oh but he did say that they found the grandmother wandering down fifth avenue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *God! Don’t—We can’t let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she’ll be in th* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can’t do this here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *I know. I know. Oh God.  There’s no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 1 | 29 | 21 | *I know. I know. Oh God.  There’s no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Oh here’s a whole bunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whisper]] | /'hwispә/ | n. 耳语, 密谈, 谣传, 沙沙声 | n. speaking softly without vibration of the vocal cords | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Oh, I mean she’s gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]] | /'gɑ:bidʒ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. food that is discarded (as from a kitchen) | 1 | 19 | 14 | *There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it’s positive. Monica’s pregnant.  So I guess she won* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] | /'hɑ:dli/ | adv. 刚刚, 几乎不, 勉强是 | r. almost not | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Just for the future, this is hardly a commercial for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Ross, you’re tired. You’ve been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] | /dʒim/ | n. +体育馆, 体育训练, 体育课, 体操 | n athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training | 1 | 33 | 23 | *How did you guys find me? I knew I should’ve hid at the gym!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panic]] | /'pænik/ | n. 恐慌, 惊慌 | n. an overwhelming feeling of fear and anxiety | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I’m related to Monica. How is she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I’m related to Monica. How is she?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Then you are neither of your parents!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depend]] | /di'pend/ | vi. 靠, 视...而定, 信赖 | v. be contingent upon (something that is elided) | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Depends on what you mean by we.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardest\|hardest]] |  | a. 极难 | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 11 | 11 | *The nights are the hardest.  But then the day comes! And that’s every bit as hard as the night. And * |

### 低频词（67）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bings\|bings]] |  | (bing 的复数) n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | plural of bing | 9 | 10 | 2 | *Hi! If you’re calling before Saturday, you’ve reached Monica and Chandler. But if you’re calling aft* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#platoon\|platoon]] | /plә'tu:n/ | n. 排, 一组, 一群人 | n. a military unit that is a subdivision of a company; usually has a headquarter | 4 | 4 | 1 | *We have to find the rest of the platoon!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] | /hʌnt/ | n. 狩猎, 追捕, 搜寻, 猎区 | n. Englishman and Pre-Raphaelite painter (1827-1910) | 3 | 12 | 7 | *Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn’t be more thrilled for both of you, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vest\|vest]] | /vest/ | n. 背心, 汗背心 | n. a man's sleeveless garment worn underneath a coat | 3 | 9 | 4 | *We can’t find Chandler…—‘s vest. We can’t find Chandler’s vest.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pronounce\|pronounce]] | /prә'nauns/ | v. 发音, 宣告, 断言 | v. speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way | 3 | 9 | 7 | *Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It’s a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nazi\|nazi]] | /'nɑ:tsi/ | n. 纳粹党人 | n. a German member of Adolf Hitler's political party | 2 | 3 | 2 | *I know! All right, I’ll see you guys over there! I’m off to fight the Nazis.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basement\|basement]] | /'beismәnt/ | n. 地下室, 墙脚 | n. the lowermost portion of a structure partly or wholly below ground level; oft | 2 | 9 | 5 | *No, we still have food in the basement! I saw potatoes and some dry pasta!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pasta\|pasta]] | /'pæstә/ | n. 意大利面食 | n. a dish that contains pasta as its main ingredient | 2 | 6 | 5 | *No, we still have food in the basement! I saw potatoes and some dry pasta!* |
| maureen |  | n. 莫林（女子名） |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Hey Maureen!  Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stall\|stall]] | /stɒ:l/ | n. 厩, 停车处, 牧师职位, 货摊, 托辞, 拖延 | n. a compartment in a stable where a single animal is confined and fed | 2 | 6 | 2 | *Well, can’t you at least stall her a little? I’ll-I’ll go back to some of the places I went last nig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aaron\|aaron]] | /'eәrәn/ | n. 亚伦（男子名）；[圣经]亚伦（摩西之兄, 犹太教的第一祭司长） | n. United States professional baseball player who hit more home runs than Babe R | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Excuse me, Aaron?  Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn’t suppose* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#transplant\|transplant]] | /træns'plɑ:nt/ | vt. 使移居, 移植, 使迁移 | n. an operation moving an organ from one organism (the donor) to another (the re | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Transplant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newman\|newman]] | /'nju:mәn/ | [计] 牛曼 | n. United States film actor (born in 1925) | 2 | 3 | 2 | *It’s not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody’s! The only person that can m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hellhole\|hellhole]] | /'helhәul/ | n. 地狱般可怕的地方, 藏垢纳污之外 | n any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrange\|arrange]] | /ә'reindʒ/ | v. 安排, 排列, 达成协议 | v. put into a proper or systematic order | 2 | 6 | 5 | *That can be arranged.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greek\|greek]] | /gri:k/ | n. 希腊人, 希腊语 | n. the Hellenic branch of the Indo-European family of languages | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It’s a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seek\|seek]] | /si:k/ | vt. 寻求, 寻找, 探索, 追求, 搜索, 请求 | n. the movement of a read/write head to a specific data track on a disk | 2 | 6 | 5 | *He-he was with me umm, we’re playing a little game, y’know? Hide and seek. Mr. Geller: You can’t ask* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prince\|prince]] | /prins/ | n. 王子, 亲王, 国君, 贵族, 诸侯, 有权势的大人物 | n. a male member of a royal family other than the sovereign (especially the son  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Chandler, for so long I…I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]] | /meit/ | n. 配偶, 对手, 助手, (象棋)将死 | n. the officer below the master on a commercial ship | 2 | 11 | 7 | *Chandler, for so long I…I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thrill\|thrill]] | /θril/ | n. 震颤, 激动, 刺激性, 一阵激动 | n. something that causes you to experience a sudden intense feeling or sensation | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn’t be more thrilled for both of you, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unhappiness\|unhappiness]] |  | n. 苦恼；忧愁 | n. state characterized by emotions ranging from mild discontentment to deep grie | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn’t be more thrilled for both of you, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cha\|cha]] | /tʃɑ:/ | n. （英俚）茶 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *What ‘cha doing Mon?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]] | /veil/ | n. 面纱, 面罩, 借口, 幕, 帐, 遮蔽物 | n. a membranous covering attached to the immature fruiting body of certain mushr | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Well, so far I have uh, my bride’s maids dresses won’t get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]] | /ɒdz/ | n. 可能性, 几率, 机会, 胜算, 不平等 | n. the likelihood of a thing occurring rather than not occurring | 1 | 14 | 9 | *I had to go with the odds Rach.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soldier\|soldier]] | /'sәuldʒә/ | n. 军人, 士兵, 兵蚁 | n. an enlisted man or woman who serves in an army | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yes that’s the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rehearsal\|rehearsal]] | /ri'hә:sl/ | n. 预演, 排演, 练习, 叙述, 复述 | n. a practice session in preparation for a public performance (as of a play or s | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Wait! Wait! Wait! You can’t start today! Today’s the rehearsal dinner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oscar\|oscar]] | /'ɔskә/ | n. 奥斯卡金像奖, 钱, 现金 | n an annual award by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for achieve | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wow! I can’t believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reinforcement\|reinforcement]] | /.ri:in'fɒ:smәnt/ | n. 加强, 增援, 补充, 援军, 加固物 | n. information that makes more forcible or convincing | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So what are we gonna do?! We have no reinforcements! No-no food!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toucher\|toucher]] | /'tʌtʃә/ | n. 触摸者 | n. a person who causes or allows a part of the body to come in contact with some | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. Nope, I uh…I th—I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y’know? He’s uh, he’s a fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]] | /'wepәn/ | n. 武器, 兵器 | n. any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting | 1 | 10 | 8 | *We may not have any weapons, but we still have food. In the basement I saw potatoes and some dry pas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tin\|tin]] | /tin/ | n. 锡, 马口铁, 罐头 | n. a silvery malleable metallic element that resists corrosion; used in many all | 1 | 4 | 4 | *We may not have any weapons, but we still have food. In the basement I saw potatoes and some dry pas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tuna\|tuna]] | /'tju:nә/ | n. 金枪鱼, 金枪鱼肉 | n. tropical American prickly pear of Jamaica | 1 | 5 | 4 | *We may not have any weapons, but we still have food. In the basement I saw potatoes and some dry pas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pearl\|pearl]] | /pә:l/ | n. 珍珠, 珠灰色, 杰出者, 珍贵之物 | n. a smooth lustrous round structure inside the shell of a clam or oyster; much  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Okay. Here’s a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could bor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklace]] | /'neklis/ | n. 项链 | n. jewelry consisting of a cord or chain (often bearing gems) worn about the nec | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Okay. Here’s a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could bor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] | /'kjdә/ | <口> = could have |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Ohh, I’m so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it’s really, it’s made m* |
| nora | /'nɔ:rә/ | n. 诺拉（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hi Mr.…Bing. Mr. Bing: Nora! Mrs. Bing: Charles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubly\|doubly]] | /'dʌbli/ | adv. 加倍地, 双重地 | r. to double the degree | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Dad…dad, please! As I was saying umm, I’m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I’m the best man. And uh, this m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]] | /sti:m/ | n. 蒸汽, 精力 | n. water at boiling temperature diffused in the atmosphere | 1 | 11 | 8 | *All right, I’m gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#safely\|safely]] | /'seifli/ | adv. 安全地, 确实地 | r. with safety; in a safe manner | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Y’know what? You’re right, I’m sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for put* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shade\|shade]] | /ʃeid/ | n. 荫, 阴暗, 遮光物, 灯罩, 帘, 浓淡, 微量, 底纹 | n. relative darkness caused by light rays being intercepted by an opaque body | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Nice shades.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#correctly\|correctly]] | /kә'rektli/ | adv. 对, 正确, 恰当, 符合一般性准则, 符合行为准则, 端正, 符合 | r. in an accurate manner | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And if I remember correctly, Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ban\|ban]] | /bæn/ | n. 禁令 | n. 100 bani equal 1 leu in Moldova | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And if I remember correctly, Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]] | /'negәtiv/ | n. 否定, 否定语, 负数, 底片 | n. a reply of denial | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Don’t be so negative! Good God! Isn’t it possible that Sorry is sitting in there  right now?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redo]] | /.ri:'du:/ | vt. 再做, 重做, 改装 | v make new | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh man! They-they just redid my make-up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reaction\|reaction]] | /ri'ækʃәn/ | n. 反应, 反作用, 反动 | n. an idea evoked by some experience | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Could you uh, could you lower your script? I need to see your face so I can uh, play off your reacti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shakespeare\|shakespeare]] | /'ʃeik.spiә/ | n. 莎士比亚 | n. English poet and dramatist considered one of the greatest English writers (15 | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay uh, look I know you’re a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annunciation\|annunciation]] | /ә.nʌnsi'eiʃәn/ | n. 宣布, 通告 | n. a festival commemorating the announcement of the Incarnation by the angel Gab | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s what real actors do! Annunciation is the mark of a good actor! And when you enunciate, you sp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enunciate\|enunciate]] | /i'nʌnsieit/ | vt. 明确地叙述, 表明 | v speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way | 1 | 2 | 2 | *That’s what real actors do! Annunciation is the mark of a good actor! And when you enunciate, you sp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fuss\|fuss]] | /fʌs/ | n. 大惊小怪, 小题大作, 忙乱 | n. an angry disturbance | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well then we’ll-we’ll see you the day after tomorrow.  Mom?! Dad?!  What-what…what you guys doing he* |
| rita | /'ri:tә/ | n. 丽塔（女子名） |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him k* |
| moreno |  | 莫雷诺（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him k* |
| paulette | /pɔ:'let/ | n. 波莱特(f.) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Why do have a picture of Paulette in your pack?!* |
| vincent | /'vinsәnt/ | n. 文森特（男名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Because Vincent, we were lovers.  For two years!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soak]] | /sәuk/ | n. 浸, 湿透, 大雨 | n. the process of becoming softened and saturated as a consequence of being imme | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh you’re awesome! And, in that last speech? You soaked me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wander\|wander]] | /'wɒndә/ | vi. 游荡, 漫步, 徘徊, 迷路, 离题, 蜿蜒 | v. go via an indirect route or at no set pace | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh but he did say that they found the grandmother wandering down fifth avenue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gown\|gown]] | /gaun/ | n. 睡衣, 法衣, 大学全体师生 | n. a woman's dress, usually with a close-fitting bodice and a long flared skirt, | 1 | 2 | 2 | *God! Don’t—We can’t let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she’ll be in th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#floss\|floss]] | /flɒs/ | n. 丝棉, 乱丝 | n. a soft loosely twisted thread used in embroidery | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Sure.  Do you need some floss?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#originally\|originally]] | /ә'ridʒәnli/ | adv. 本来, 原来, 最初, 就起源而论, 独创地 | r. in an original manner | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Excuse me, Aaron?  Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn’t suppose* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officiate\|officiate]] | /ә'fiʃieit/ | vt. 执行, 司仪, 担任(体育比赛)裁判 | v. act in an official capacity in a ceremony or religious ritual, such as a wedd | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Excuse me, Aaron?  Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn’t suppose* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belt\|belt]] | /belt/ | n. 带子, 地带 | n. endless loop of flexible material between two rotating shafts or pulleys | 1 | 9 | 6 | *I’m wearing two belts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disguise\|disguise]] | /dis'gaiz/ | n. 假面目, 假装 | n. an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something | 1 | 2 | 2 | *He could be in disguise, y’know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pawn\|pawn]] | /pɒ:n/ | n. 典当, 抵押物, 人质, (象棋)兵, 马前卒, 工具 | n. an article deposited as security | 1 | 2 | 2 | *The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]] | /'kɒkteil/ | n. 鸡尾酒, 开味品 | n. a short mixed drink | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#popcorn\|popcorn]] | /'pɒpkɒ:n/ | n. 爆米花 | n. corn having small ears and kernels that burst when exposed to dry heat | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It’s not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody’s! The only person that can m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proceed\|proceed]] | /prәu'si:d/ | vi. 继续进行, 进行, 开始, 发出, 起诉 | v. move ahead; travel onward in time or space | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It’s not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody’s! The only person that can m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] | /'tʃæriti/ | n. 慈悲, 博爱, 慈善团体, 施舍 | n. a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any pa | 1 | 42 | 9 | *It’s not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody’s! The only person that can m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dusk\|dusk]] | /dʌsk/ | n. 薄暮, 傍晚, 黄昏 | v. become dusk | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know. At dusk. That’s such a hard time for me.* |
