---
season: 7
episode: "06"
title: "The One With The Nap Partners"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E06 — The One With The Nap Partners

*Written by: Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones*


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, Phoebe, Rachel, and Monica are having brunch.

**Monica:** Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to [[Friends-词汇总表#brunch\|brunch]] today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]].

**Rachel:** Oh my God! This is it! *(She and Phoebe hold hands.)* *(To Phoebe)* I really hope it’s you!

**Phoebe:** I hope it’s you.

**Rachel:** Me too!

**Monica:** First of all um, I love you both so much and you’re both so important to me…

**Rachel:** Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!

**Monica:** Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] for each other. Like [[Friends-词汇总表#hypothetically\|hypothetically]], if Phoebe were mine…

**Phoebe:** Yes!!! Oh!!

**Rachel:** Hypothetically!

**Phoebe:** Still.

**Monica:** If Phoebe were my [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]]…

**Rachel:** Uh-hmm.

**Monica:** Rachel would be Phoebe’s, I would be Rachel’s, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.

**Rachel:** Yeah that’s actually a pretty good idea.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I’ll do that. So who gets to be yours?

**Monica:** *(laughs)* Well that’s the best part. Umm, you guys get to [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]]!

**Phoebe:** Wh-why is that the best part?

**Monica:** Because then I don’t have to!

**Rachel:** Well of course we will help you [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]]! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to make a [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]], to the future Mrs. Chandler Bing *(A woman at the table behind them overhears Chandler’s name and starts listening closer)*, my best friend, and [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#nicest\|nicest]] people that…

**Monica:** I’m really not [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|deciding]]!

**Rachel:** Fine!

*(The woman gets up and walks over to their table.)*

**Woman:** Excuse me, I-I couldn’t help [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overhearing]], you’re marrying Chandler Bing?

**Monica:** Yeah that’s right.

**Woman:** *(sarcastically)* Huh, good luck!

**Phoebe:** Aww, and good luck to you too! *(To Monica and Rachel)* What a nice lady!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Chandler, Joey, and Ross are finishing watching Die Hard on video.

**Chandler:** Die Hard still great!

**Joey:** Yep. Hey, what do you say we make it a double feature?

**Chandler:** What’d you rent?

**Joey:** Die Hard 2.

**Chandler:** *(looking at the tape)* Joey, this is Die Hard 1 again.

**Joey:** Oh, well we watch it a second time and its Die Hard 2!

**Ross:** Joey, we just saw it!

**Joey:** And?

**Ross:** And it’ll be cool to see it again! Yeah! Joey and Ross: Die Hard!!!!!!

**Ross:** Dude, you didn’t say Die Hard. Is everything okay?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.

**Ross:** Well, John McLane had plans!

**Chandler:** No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.

**Joey:** What are you talking about? Bitch.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is bringing Rachel some coffee.

**Phoebe:** Hey Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** Umm, when I get married will you be my [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]]?

**Rachel:** Really?!

**Phoebe:** Uh-hmm.

**Rachel:** Oh my God Phoebe! I mean I’m just—Wait a minute. If I’m your [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] that means you are Monica’s.

**Phoebe:** Oh! Well, if that’s what you want…

**Rachel:** Ohh! No way Phoebe! I want to be Monica’s!

**Phoebe:** But why does it even matter?!

**Rachel:** Why does it matter so much to you?!

**Phoebe:** Because this one is now! And-and it’s two of our best friends! Who knows what you’re gonna marry!

**Rachel:** What-what if I marry Ross—Or Joey?

**Phoebe:** *(gasps)* You wouldn’t! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I’ve never been [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] to anyone before! And I know you’ve done it at least [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]]!

**Rachel:** Yeah but Phoebe…

**Phoebe:** And no, oh please, oh please let me finish. *(Rachel stops talking.)* Oh I guess that was it.

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay. It’s—since you’ve never done it before you can be Monica’s made of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, thank you so much! *(They hug.)* Okay.

**Rachel:** I’m gonna marry someone good y’know.

**Phoebe:** Oh I know.

**Rachel:** Better than Chandler. *(Phoebe exhales as if to say, "Like what isn’t?")*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Die Hard has ended, only I don’t think Joey and Ross know that yet. As you see, they are both asleep. And they’re on the same couch. Which means they’re sleeping together. Not like Joey is at one end and Ross is on the other, they both happen to be lying down and sleeping together. Well, there hasn’t been any clothes removed so not that kind of sleeping together. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. That is unless you’re a Republican in which that kind of thing will bring about the downfall of Western society, especially if they should happen to want to get married. Anyway, let me recap. No, there is too much, let me sum up. Ross and Joey are taking a nap together on top of each other and both wake-up at the same time, realize what they just did, scream, and jump up.

**Ross:** What happened?!!

**Joey:** Well, I don’t know!!

**Ross:** We [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]! That is all.

**Joey:** Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right, well uh, I’d better go.

**Ross:** I think that would be best.

**Joey:** Yeah. All right, I’ll talk to you later.

**Ross:** Okay. But not about this!

**Joey:** No! Never! Never! *(Pause, then Joey wants to shake Ross’s hand.)* Bye.

**Ross:** No touch! No touch!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica has just gotten back from brunch and is telling Chandler about it.

**Monica:** Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today [[Friends-词汇总表#whey\|whey]] I was at [[Friends-词汇总表#brunch\|brunch]]. This woman [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overheard]] that I was marrying you and-and then she…she wished me good luck.

**Chandler:** That’s sweet.

**Monica:** No, it’s more like a *(sarcastically)* good luck.

**Chandler:** So uh, what did this woman look like?

**Monica:** She was like 30, dark hair, [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]].

**Chandler:** Well, is there any chance you were looking into a [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]], [[Friends-词汇总表#shiny\|shiny]] thing called a [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]]?

**Monica:** Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?

**Chandler:** No, no I only dated two girls in college, both [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]], both not [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]]… *(Thinks a little while.)* Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.

**Monica:** What are you doing?

**Chandler:** Well, let’s see… *(Finding the picture he wants.)* Okay uh, is that her? *(Pointing to the picture.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God yes! Who is she?

**Chandler:** Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.

**Monica:** Did you break up with her?

**Chandler:** *(pause)* No, we’re still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.

**Monica:** Why?

**Chandler:** Well, ‘cause she came back the third summer and she’d gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow…

**Monica:** Fat?!

**Chandler:** I did not say fat! I said, "Fa-aa-aw-ow…"

**Monica:** You broke up with a girl because she was fat?!

**Chandler:** Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?

**Monica:** Well, apparently she does.

**Chandler:** Well, you know what they say, [[Friends-词汇总表#elephant\|elephants]] never forget. *(Monica is not amused by that statement.)* Seriously, good luck marrying me.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is entering, Rachel and Phoebe are already there.

**Joey:** Hey! What’s going on?

**Rachel:** Phoebe is gonna be Monica’s [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]]!

**Joey:** Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]], remember? *(Phoebe glares at him.)*

**Rachel:** *(shocked)* You have been [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] before?!!

**Phoebe:** See? This is exactly why you shouldn’t lie!

**Rachel:** All right that’s it! I am [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]]!

**Phoebe:** Na-uh, I am!

**Rachel:** How come you are?!

**Phoebe:** Because I cared enough to lie!

**Joey:** Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] and see how you’d handle [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] type situations.

**Phoebe:** What are you talking about?

**Joey:** Like when I want a job, I go to an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] and if I’m the best of the people they see, they give me the part.

**Phoebe:** Okay, so after this [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]], who [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decides]] who gets it?

**Joey:** Oh uh, me and Ross can be the [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judges]].

**Phoebe:** *(To Rachel)* Well, it’s better than us [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|deciding]].

**Rachel:** Oh, come on! This is crazy! Can’t we just [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#coin\|coin]]?!

**Phoebe:** No! Coins hate me!

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay fine, y’know what? We will let Ross and Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]].

*(Ross enters.) (In a sexy voice.) Hiiiii, Ross! Sweetie.*

**Phoebe:** Hey there, you [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] thing. *(Rachel and Phoebe exit.)*

**Ross:** Wow, this [[Friends-词汇总表#cologne\|cologne]] really is every [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] as good as Georgio.

**Joey:** Hi.

**Ross:** Just uh, brought back your videos.

**Joey:** Uh hey look uh Ross, look I think we need to talk about before.

**Ross:** No! No we don’t!

**Joey:** Yes we do! Now look, that was the best [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] I ever had!!

**Ross:** I… I don’t know what you are talking about.

**Joey:** Come on! Admit it! That was the best [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] you ever had!

**Ross:** I’ve had better.

**Joey:** Okay! When?!

**Ross:** All right! All right! It was the best [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] ever!

**Joey:** Uh-huh!

**Ross:** I’ve said it! Okay?! But it’s over Joey!

**Joey:** I want to do it again.

**Ross:** We can’t do it again.

**Joey:** Why not?

**Ross:** Because it’s weird!

**Joey:** Fine! Do you want something to drink?

**Ross:** Sure, what do you got?

**Joey:** Warm [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] and Excedrin P.M. *(Ross just leaves.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is approaching the bathroom door behind which Chandler is using the facility.

**Monica:** Chandler! *(Knocks on the door.)* Chandler! I just figured out who you are!

**Chandler:** Can you figure out what I’m doing?

**Monica:** You’re Lewis Posin.

**Chandler:** Who?

**Monica:** Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?

**Chandler:** Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!

**Monica:** No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa…. *(Chandler emerges, without flushing by the way.)* And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] grade! Y’know, I-I really think that you should [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] to Julie.

**Chandler:** What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.

**Monica:** No, I know. But y’know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologized]] to me.

**Chandler:** Okay, I will do it. But I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Ross are laying out the ground rules for the maid of honor auditions to Rachel and Phoebe.

**Joey:** Okay, all right, this is how it’s going to work. We’re gonna give you [[Friends-词汇总表#hypothetical\|hypothetical]] [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.

**Ross:** No, 10 is the highest.

**Joey:** Why is 10 the highest?

**Ross:** Because it’s the highest. *(Joey shrugs his shoulders)* Okay, Rachel you’re up first. *(Rachel stands up and gets ready.)* Situation No. 1: You’re with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go! *(Joey is playing the part of Monica.)*

**Joey:** *(crying)* I don’t want to marry Chandler!

**Rachel:** Okay, uh…

**Joey:** I’ve got cold feet.

**Rachel:** …it’s gonna be okay!

**Joey:** No, one man for the rest of my life? I don’t know if I can do it! This means I’ll never get to sleep with Joey!

**Rachel:** Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y’know, it’s-it’s just because of all the [[Friends-词汇总表#anticipation\|anticipation]] and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don’t get to keep the gifts.

**Joey:** *(out of his Monica character)* Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!

**Rachel:** Thanks!

**Ross:** Yes, very nice Rachel.

**Rachel:** Thank you [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judges]].

**Phoebe:** Ugh, what a kiss ass.

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Joey:** Okay, Phoebe…

**Phoebe:** Yes! Your [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]]?

**Joey:** We’re now in the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]], Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] starts [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]]. What do you do? Go!

**Ross:** *(playing the drunk uncle)* When Monica was a little girl, I remember that—*(Phoebe screams and tackles him)*—Ooh!! Ow! Very good!

**Phoebe:** Oh!

**Joey:** Yes! Excellent! Perfect score!

**Rachel:** Wait a minute! She just made a scene in the middle of the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]]!

**Phoebe:** Hey! Do you want do you want a little [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] of Pheebs?!

**Ross:** It is time for you to give your [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]].

**Rachel:** Ohh, wait a minute, we haven’t pre…

**Ross:** Go!

**Rachel:** Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster’s Dictionary defines [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] as… *(Ross and Joey start writing.)* Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh… I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old. Ross and Joey: Oh! That’s nice.

**Rachel:** Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I’ve known them [[Friends-词汇总表#separately\|separately]] and I’ve known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#presence\|presence]] of love. So I would like to [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] my glass *(Grabs a glass and holds it up)* to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to [[Friends-词汇总表#embark\|embark]] upon together. I can think of no two people better [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepared]] for the [[Friends-词汇总表#journey\|journey]].

**Joey:** Wow. *(To Ross)* Good [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]].

**Ross:** Yeah, it really was!

**Rachel:** Aw, thanks!

**Ross:** Okay Phoebe, I guess you’re next *(To Joey)* although I really don’t see the point.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Okay, I can’t believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked.

*(Raises her glass and drinks.)*

*(Joey and Ross pause while they picture the event.)*

**Joey:** And she’s back in the game.


> [!scene] Scene: A random apartment building, Chandler and Monica are knocking on the door of the woman from the beginning.

**Chandler:** *(she opens the door)* Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.

**Julie:** Hello Skidmark.

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]], I’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] later.

**Monica:** It’s pretty clear.

**Chandler:** Ah, uh, I [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you a long [[Friends-词汇总表#overdue\|overdue]] [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]]. I never should have broken up with you because you were [[Friends-词汇总表#overweight\|overweight]].

**Julie:** That’s why you broke up with me?

**Chandler:** You-you-you didn’t know that. *(Pause as she nods no.)* Well, I guess my work here is done!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Ross are giving Phoebe and Rachel the results of their election. Somewhat faster than Florida I might add.

**Joey:** All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|performed]] very well. Okay? You should be [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#yourselves\|yourselves]]. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|losers]]. Well, except for Rachel—Damnit!

**Phoebe:** Really?! I won!

**Rachel:** What?!

**Ross:** I’m sorry Rach, it was, it was really close.

**Rachel:** Well then I demand a [[Friends-词汇总表#recount\|recount]]! *(Hmm, I wonder where I’ve heard that before.)*

**Ross:** Actually, it wasn’t that close.

**Rachel:** No! Y’know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]—We’re gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#coin\|coin]]! *(Phoebe gasps.)* All right?! *(She flips the coin.)* Heads! *(Looks at the coin and grunts in disgust.)*

**Phoebe:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#coin\|coins]] have finally [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgiven]] me!

**Rachel:** Well y’know what? I hope Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgives]] you after you throw her, her [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]], [[Friends-词汇总表#voodoo\|voodoo]], [[Friends-词汇总表#goddess\|goddess]] circley shower! *(Runs out.)*

**Phoebe:** *(running after her)* Rach, it’s gonna be okay! *(To Ross and Joey)* You guys are the best!

**Joey:** Boy I tell ya, that [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judging]] stuff took a lot out of me.

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Joey:** Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] and taking a little [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. *(Raises his eyebrows, questioning Ross to see if he wants to join him.)*

**Ross:** Why-why would I care about that?

**Joey:** No reason, I’m just saying that uh… That’s where I’ll be.

*(Joey gets up and heads for the door. After a pause Ross decides to join him.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler and Monica have returned from Julie’s.

**Chandler:** As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I’m going to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] for all of the stupid things I do.

**Monica:** Why don’t you just stop doing stupid things? Then you wouldn’t have to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]].

**Chandler:** I would really love it if could do both.

**Monica:** All right, I…I have to ask.

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** Are you gonna break up with me if I get fat again?

**Chandler:** What?!

**Monica:** Well, you broke up with Julie Grath! How much weight could she have gained?

**Chandler:** A hundred and [[Friends-词汇总表#forty\|forty]]-five [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]].

**Monica:** In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That’s not the point.

**Chandler:** Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!

**Monica:** Well… That’s not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.

**Chandler:** Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.

**Monica:** How?

**Chandler:** You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!

**Monica:** What if I have babies, okay? I mean I’m gonna look different. I’m okay with that, but I’m not sure that you are!

**Chandler:** Look you have to realize I don’t think of you as a [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]], beautiful woman. *(Monica glares at him.)* See this is one of things that I can [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] for later! Look, what I mean is you’re Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.

**Monica:** Keep going.

**Chandler:** So you can [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] up or you can [[Friends-词汇总表#shrink\|shrink]] down and I will still love you.

**Monica:** Even if I [[Friends-词汇总表#shrink\|shrink]] down to two inches [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]]?

**Chandler:** I’d carry you around in my pocket.

**Monica:** I love you. *(They hug and kiss.)*

**Chandler:** Skidmark’s still got a way with the ladies.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there as Rachel enters carrying a shopping bag.

**Rachel:** Hi Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi! I just want to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]]. I’m really sorry I was a baby.

**Phoebe:** That’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] Rachel, we were all babies once. *(Rachel looks at her.)* Oh, you mean today.

**Rachel:** Yeah. Yeah, and y’know you-you [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] to win. And-and y’know I was thinking about it, if-if you’re Monica’s [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] that means I get to be yours.

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah!

**Rachel:** Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] I started putting some stuff together, y’know just in case…

**Phoebe:** Oh that’s so sweet thanks.

**Rachel:** Here is a book of [[Friends-词汇总表#poetry\|poetry]] that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]]. *(Shows Phoebe the picture.)* And look, she made me carry her [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]], which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here’s a little [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] that I found. *(Hands her the purse)* Y’know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.

**Phoebe:** Ohh.

**Rachel:** And umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#vintage\|vintage]] [[Friends-词汇总表#handkerchief\|handkerchiefs]] y’know ‘cause, people cry at weddings. *(Starting to cry.)* I’m just gonna grab a couple of these.

**Phoebe:** This stuff is great!

**Rachel:** Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh [[Friends-词汇总表#garter\|garter]] that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica’s something [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] and it’s blue. *(Starts to cry again.)* Yeah…

**Phoebe:** Y’know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica’s made of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]].

**Rachel:** You do? Why?

**Phoebe:** Because I think it means more to you.

**Rachel:** But Pheebs, y’know you [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earned]] it.

**Phoebe:** Its fine. I mean, this is something that you’ve been thinking about since you were what, 14? *(She’s referring to the Halloween picture.)*

**Rachel:** No, I was ten. I just developed early.

**Phoebe:** *(looking at the picture again)* Man [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]!

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey, what’s going on?

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Well, we just [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] that Rachel is gonna be your [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]].

**Monica:** *(gasps)* Ohh, wow! That’s great! *(Rachel and Monica hug.)* Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we’ll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I’m so excited! *(Runs out leaving Rachel completely stunned and Phoebe laughing.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she’s gonna be yours. *(Phoebe gets suddenly scared.)* Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Ross are napping together again and both wake up at the same time.

**Joey:** Great [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]].

**Ross:** It really was.

*(Suddenly Rachel clears her throat and the camera cuts to the rest of the gang staring at them. Needless to say Joey and Ross are shocked and slowly turn their heads to see the gang.)*

**Joey:** *(reacting first by jumping up)* Dude! What the hell are you doing?! God!

*(Heads for his room leaving Ross.)*

**Ross:** *(slowly stands up and says quietly)* Excuse me. *(Exits.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（45）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 5 | 116 | 69 | *Huh, good luck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 4 | 422 | 131 | *Because this one is now! And-and it’s two of our best friends! Who knows what you’re gonna marry!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 4 | 442 | 191 | *And no, oh please, oh please let me finish.  Oh I guess that was it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 4 | 258 | 141 | *No! Y’know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous—We’re gonna flip a coin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 3 | 95 | 64 | *Yeah, I’ll do that. So who gets to be yours?* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 3 | 155 | 54 | *Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 3 | 266 | 138 | *Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marryin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget.  Seriously, good luck marrying me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, I-I couldn’t help overhearing, you’re marrying Chandler Bing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 2 | 64 | 50 | *No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *What happened?!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 2 | 109 | 81 | *See? This is exactly why you shouldn’t lie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *Rachel would be Phoebe’s, I would be Rachel’s, that way we all get to do it once and no one would ge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Aww, and good luck to you too!  What a nice lady!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *And no, oh please, oh please let me finish.  Oh I guess that was it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *No! Never! Never!  Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive…  Hold on one second; let* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Well, apparently she does.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget.  Seriously, good luck marrying me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *See? This is exactly why you shouldn’t lie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Oh, come on! This is crazy! Can’t we just flip a coin?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *No! Coins hate me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Fine! Do you want something to drink?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfrie* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *No, one man for the rest of my life? I don’t know if I can do it! This means I’ll never get to sleep* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Ugh, what a kiss ass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster’s Dictionary defines marriage as…  Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Okay, I can’t believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this da* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *No! Y’know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous—We’re gonna flip a coin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Well y’know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess ci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *A hundred and forty-five pounds.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That’s not the point.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Well… That’s not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Look you have to realize I don’t think of you as a thin, beautiful woman.  See this is one of things* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y’know ‘cause, people cry at weddings.  I’m just gonna grab a couple * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Ohh, wow! That’s great!  Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really sp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she’s gonna be yours.  Ending Credits* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Dude! What the hell are you doing?! God!* |

### 常用词（58）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] | /'ɒnә/ | n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章 | n. the state of being honored | 16 | 29 | 13 | *Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] | /meid/ | n. 少女, 未婚女子, 女仆 | n. a female domestic | 14 | 38 | 15 | *Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] | /næp/ | n. 小睡, 稍睡, 细毛, 孤注一掷 | n. a soft or fuzzy surface texture | 5 | 28 | 20 | *Yes we do! Now look, that was the best nap I ever had!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 5 | 40 | 29 | *No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa….  And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 4 | 64 | 44 | *Well that’s the best part. Umm, you guys get to decide!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 3 | 87 | 38 | *Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an auditi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 2 | 34 | 26 | *Oh uh, me and Ross can be the judges.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 2 | 27 | 24 | *Oh, come on! This is crazy! Can’t we just flip a coin?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] | /fifθ/ | num. 第五, 五分之一 | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon | 2 | 20 | 15 | *Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfrie* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] | /'serimәni/ | n. 典礼, 仪式, 礼节 | n. a formal event performed on a special occasion | 2 | 18 | 13 | *We’re now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] | /spi:tʃ/ | n. 演讲, 说话, 谈话, 言语, 引语, 民族语言 | n. (language) communication by word of mouth | 2 | 45 | 22 | *It is time for you to give your maid of honor speech.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 2 | 40 | 34 | *No! Y’know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous—We’re gonna flip a coin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 1 | 40 | 18 | *Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, and good luck to you too!  What a nice lady!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *You wouldn’t! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I’ve never been maid of hon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *We fell asleep! That is all.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *We fell asleep! That is all.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 1 | 22 | 20 | *She was like 30, dark hair, attractive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] | /brait/ | a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的 | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] | /blɔnd/ | a. (头发)亚麻色的, 淡色的, 白肤金发碧眼的, 白里透红的, 白皙的, 淡黄色的 | n a person with fair skin and hair | 1 | 14 | 11 | *No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive…  Hold on one second; let* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs, remember?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] | /'hænsәm/ | a. 英俊的, 大方的, 慷慨的, 相当可观的, 美观的, 灵敏的 | s pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form an | 1 | 13 | 11 | *Hey there, you handsome thing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Come on! Admit it! That was the best nap you ever had!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *Warm milk and Excedrin P.M.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Warm milk and Excedrin P.M.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] | /wɒ:n/ | vt. 警告, 提醒, 通知 | v. notify of danger, potential harm, or risk | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *We’re now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *We’re now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Hey! Do you want do you want a little taste of Pheebs?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster’s Dictionary defines marriage as…  Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I’ve known them separately and I’ve known them together and-and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nickname\|nickname]] | /'nikneim/ | n. 绰号, 昵称 | n. a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person's given n | 1 | 21 | 15 | *It’s a nickname, I’ll explain later.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *It’s a nickname, I’ll explain later.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒi/ | n. 道歉, 辩护 | n. an expression of regret at having caused trouble for someone | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] | /pә'fɒ:m/ | vt. 进行, 履行, 完成, 执行, 表演 | v. carry out or perform an action | 1 | 15 | 12 | *All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 1 | 32 | 24 | *All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] | /fә'giv/ | vt. 原谅, 宽恕, 免除 | v. stop blaming or grant forgiveness | 1 | 33 | 22 | *The coins have finally forgiven me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] | /.vedʒi'tєәriәn/ | n. 素食者, 食草动物 | n. eater of fruits and grains and nuts; someone who eats no meat or fish or (oft | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Well y’know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess ci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *A hundred and forty-five pounds.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 1 | 98 | 17 | *Well… That’s not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] | /θin/ | a. 薄的, 细的, 瘦的, 稀疏的, 稀薄的, 淡的, 弱的, 空洞的 | v. lose thickness; become thin or thinner | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Look you have to realize I don’t think of you as a thin, beautiful woman.  See this is one of things* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]] | /tɒ:l/ | a. 高的, 长的, 夸大的 | n. a garment size for a tall person | 1 | 23 | 18 | *Even if I shrink down to two inches tall?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Yeah. Yeah, and y’know you-you deserve to win. And-and y’know I was thinking about it, if-if you’re * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 1 | 40 | 20 | *Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y’kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halloween\|halloween]] | /.hælәu'i:n/ | n. (基督教)万圣节前夕 | n. the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young p | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] | /braid/ | n. 新娘 | n. a woman who has recently been married | 1 | 33 | 18 | *Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|train]] | /trein/ | n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序 | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and draw | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] | /ә:n/ | vt. 赚得, 获得, 博得 | v. acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions | 1 | 10 | 10 | *But Pheebs, y’know you earned it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Man alive!* |

### 低频词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lewis\|lewis]] | /'lu:is/ | n. 吊楔 | n. United States rock star singer and pianist (born in 1935) | 3 | 8 | 5 | *You’re Lewis Posin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brunch\|brunch]] | /brʌntʃ/ | n. 早午餐 | n. combination breakfast and lunch; usually served in late morning | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hypothetically\|hypothetically]] | /ˌhaɪpə'θetɪklɪ/ | adv. 假设地, 假想地 | r. by hypothesis | 2 | 7 | 4 | *Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] | /'tru:li/ | adv. 真实地, 不假 | r. in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 2 | 10 | 9 | *Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to* |
| grath |  | [网络] 雅典；墨 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coin\|coin]] | /kɒin/ | n. 硬币, 金钱, 货币 | n. a flat metal piece (usually a disc) used as money | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Oh, come on! This is crazy! Can’t we just flip a coin?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skidmark\|skidmark]] |  | n. 逃兵 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hello Skidmark.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shrink\|shrink]] | /ʃriŋk/ | n. 收缩, 萎缩, 回避 | v. reduce in size; reduce physically | 2 | 7 | 6 | *So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nicest\|nicest]] | /'naɪsɪst/ | 最美好的, 最令人愉快的（nice的最高级） | a pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overhear]] | /.әuvә'hiә/ | vt. 无意中听到, 偷听 | v hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Excuse me, I-I couldn’t help overhearing, you’re marrying Chandler Bing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mclane\|mclane]] |  | n. (McLane)人名；(英)麦克莱恩 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, John McLane had plans!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whey\|whey]] | /hwei/ | n. 乳清 | n. the serum or watery part of milk that is separated from the curd in making ch | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marryin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shiny\|shiny]] | /'ʃaini/ | a. 有光泽的, 发光的, 辉煌的, 磨光的, 磨损的 | s reflecting light | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elephant\|elephant]] | /'elifәnt/ | n. 象 | n. five-toed pachyderm | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget.  Seriously, good luck marrying me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cologne\|cologne]] | /kә'lәun/ | n. 科隆, 科隆香水 | n. a commercial center and river port in western Germany on the Rhine River; flo | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Wow, this cologne really is every bit as good as Georgio.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#georgio\|georgio]] |  | n. (Georgio)人名；(希)乔治 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow, this cologne really is every bit as good as Georgio.* |
| excedrin |  | [网络] 伊克赛锭；克塞德林；克塞锭 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Warm milk and Excedrin P.M.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hypothetical\|hypothetical]] | /,haipәu'θetikәl/ | a. 假设的, 有待证实的, 假定的, 有前提的 | n. a hypothetical possibility, circumstance, statement, proposal, situation, etc | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, all right, this is how it’s going to work. We’re gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor sit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anticipation\|anticipation]] | /æn.tisi'peiʃәn/ | n. 预期, 预料 | n. an expectation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y’know, it’s-it’s just because of all the anticipatio* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#webster\|webster]] | /'webstә/ | n. 韦伯斯特（姓氏或男子名） | n. English playwright (1580-1625) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster’s Dictionary defines marriage as…  Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#separately\|separately]] | /'sepәrәtli/ | adv. [表]分开, 不相连, 分隔, 分离, 不同, 单独, 独立, 各自, 各别, 脱离肉体, 灵魂 | r apart from others | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I’ve known them separately and I’ve known them together and-and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#presence\|presence]] | /'prezns/ | n. 出席, 面前, 存在, 仪态, 风度 | n. the state of being present; current existence | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I’ve known them separately and I’ve known them together and-and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embark\|embark]] | /im'bɑ:k/ | vi. 乘船, 着手, 从事, 上飞机 | v. go on board | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I’ve known them separately and I’ve known them together and-and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#journey\|journey]] | /'dʒә:ni/ | n. 旅程, 旅行, 行程 | n. the act of traveling from one place to another | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I’ve known them separately and I’ve known them together and-and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overdue\|overdue]] | /'әuvә'dju:/ | a. 过期的, 未兑的, 迟到的, 早就成熟的 | s past due; not paid at the scheduled time | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overweight\|overweight]] | /'әuvә'weit/ | n. 超过重量, 过重, 优势 | n the property of excessive fatness | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were ov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yourselves\|yourselves]] | /jɔ:'selvz,jjә-,jә-/ | pron. 你们自己 | pl.  of Yourself | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recount\|recount]] | /ri'kaunt/ | vt. 详述, 叙述, 重新计算 | n. an additional (usually a second) count; especially of the votes in a close el | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well then I demand a recount!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#voodoo\|voodoo]] | /'vu:du:/ | n. 伏都教, 巫术, 巫术信仰 | n. (Haiti) followers of a religion that involves witchcraft and animistic deitie | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well y’know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess ci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goddess\|goddess]] | /'gɒdis/ | n. 女神, 美女, 受崇拜的女性 | n. a female deity | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Well y’know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess ci* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] | /bә'lu:n/ | n. 气球 | n. large tough nonrigid bag filled with gas or heated air | 1 | 12 | 8 | *So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poetry\|poetry]] | /'pәuitri/ | n. 诗, 韵文, 诗歌艺术 | n. literature in metrical form | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a pi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vintage\|vintage]] | /'vintidʒ/ | n. 酒, 葡萄收获(期、量), 酿酒 | n. a season's yield of wine from a vineyard | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y’know ‘cause, people cry at weddings.  I’m just gonna grab a couple * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handkerchief\|handkerchief]] | /'hæŋkәtʃif/ | n. 手帕, 头巾, 围巾 | n. a square piece of cloth used for wiping the eyes or nose or as a costume acce | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y’know ‘cause, people cry at weddings.  I’m just gonna grab a couple * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garter\|garter]] | /'gɑ:tә/ | n. 袜带 | n. a band (usually elastic) worn around the leg to hold up a stocking (or around | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wa* |
