---
season: 7
episode: "16"
title: "The One With The Truth About London"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E16 — The One With The Truth About London

*Teleplay by: Zachary Rosenblatt*

*Story by: Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones Directed by: David Schwimmer*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is filing her nails as Ross and Ben enter.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi! Hi Ben!

**Ben:** Hi.

**Ross:** Hi, we have a little bathroom emergency.

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]].

*(Ben starts to go, but Ross stops him.)*

**Ross:** Uh, before we do uh, are any of Joey’s special [[Friends-词汇总表#romance\|romance]] magazines in there?

**Rachel:** No. No.

**Ross:** *(to Ben)* Okay! All clear!

**Ben:** *(running to the bathroom)* Thanks Phoebe!

**Rachel:** Ben, its Rachel! *(He closes the door.)* But whatever.

**Ross:** *(to Ben)* Everything okay in there?

**Ben:** Don’t talk to me now!

**Rachel:** Awww, just like his daddy.

**Ross:** Hey listen can you do me a big [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]? The [[Friends-词汇总表#dean\|dean]]’s office just called and said there was an [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]] meeting. Can you watch Ben for like an hour?

**Rachel:** What-what about Monica?

**Ross:** Oh, she isn’t home.

**Rachel:** *(nervous)* So it would just be, me alone?

**Ross:** Well, Ben would be there.

**Rachel:** Huh umm…

**Ross:** What’s the matter?

**Rachel:** Well that—y’know it’s just uh, I’ve never done that before. Me and him alone.

**Ross:** Rach, he’s not an ex-[[Friends-词汇总表#con\|con]].

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, what do I, what do I do with him?

**Ross:** I don’t know! Just-just talk to him-[[Friends-词汇总表#entertain\|entertain]] him and keep him [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]].

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Ross:** Okay. *(Ben enters)* Ben? Come here. All right, I’m gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?

**Rachel:** Yeah I think so.

**Ross:** *(To Rachel)* I wasn’t talking to you.

**Ben:** I’ll be okay.

**Ross:** Okay, I’ll see you soon buddy. *(He hugs and kisses him.)* Be back in an hour.

**Ben:** Bye dad.

**Rachel:** Bye. *(Ross exits.)* Ahhh… *(Silence)* So this is fun, huh?

**Ben:** Not really.

**Rachel:** Okay. Uh, want something-want something to drink?

**Ben:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Uh great! How do you feel about Diet Coke?

**Ben:** I’m not allowed to have [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]].

**Rachel:** Okay. Well that’s pretty much all that we have—Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a [[Friends-词汇总表#virgin\|virgin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#margarita\|margarita]]? *(Holds up a bottle of margarita mix.)*

**Ben:** What’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#virgin\|virgin]]?

**Rachel:** Water it is.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Chandler are talking. Joey and Phoebe are getting coffee.

**Monica:** What about the second minister we meet with? I kinda liked him.

**Chandler:** You mean the [[Friends-词汇总表#spitter\|spitter]]?

**Monica:** Come on! It wasn’t that bad!

**Chandler:** Easy for you to say; you’ll be wearing a [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]].

**Monica:** All right, what about the third guy?

**Chandler:** You mean the guy who kept staring at your [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]]?

**Monica:** Can you [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] him?

**Chandler:** Sorry, I just don’t like the idea of when I say, "I do," he’s thinking, "Yeah, I’d do her too!"

**Monica:** Well then we still have a problem.

**Chandler:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** *(returning with Joey)* With what?

**Monica:** Well, we’re trying to find someone to [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] our wedding and they’re all either [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]] or y’know, can’t stop staring at the ladies. *(Points to her chest.)*

*(Joey nods his approval.)*

**Phoebe:** Oo! You should have one of us do it!

**Monica:** Phoebe, we’re getting married, married; not [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] grade married.

**Phoebe:** No! No! It’s-it’s uh a real thing! Anyone can get [[Friends-词汇总表#ordain\|ordained]] on the Internet and [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] like weddings and stuff!

**Monica:** Are you serious?

**Phoebe:** Yes! A friend of mine did it and it’s totally legal!

**Joey:** I call it!!

**Phoebe:** What?! No! It was my idea!

**Chandler:** Guys thank you very much but [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] of you is marrying us.

**Joey:** Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!

**Chandler:** We are going to have a [[Friends-词汇总表#legitimate\|legitimate]] member of the [[Friends-词汇总表#clergy\|clergy]]! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his [[Friends-词汇总表#saliva\|saliva]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel and Ben are sitting on the couch bored out of their minds.

**Rachel:** Ben y’know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. ‘Cause I was, I was your daddy’s girlfriend.

**Ben:** But you’re not anymore!

**Rachel:** No, I’m not.

**Ben:** ‘Cause you guys were on a break.

**Rachel:** Hey! We were not on a—Okay. That’s fine! Fine. Y’know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a [[Friends-词汇总表#pitcher\|pitcher]] of real [[Friends-词汇总表#margarita\|margaritas]], okay?

**Ben:** When’s my daddy coming back?

**Rachel:** *(checks her watch)* Fifty-two minutes. *(Pause)* So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don’t have to share stuff.

**Ben:** Sharing is good.

**Rachel:** Oh, you’re one of those. But y’know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just [[Friends-词汇总表#torture\|tortured]] each other.

**Ben:** Really? Like how?

**Rachel:** Well y’know, we would umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]] everything the other said, or uh, we’d jump out of [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closets]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] each other, or switch the [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]] for the [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]] so they’d put salt on their [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]].

**Ben:** *(laughs)* That’s a good one.

**Rachel:** Yeah? You like that one?

**Ben:** Yeah, you’re funny.

**Rachel:** I’m funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I’ve got a [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] of these! Umm, oh hear—Do you want a good one? Here’s a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you [[Friends-词汇总表#blacken\|blacken]] the edge. Right? *(Does so.)* And then you say to person, I bet you can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] this quarter from your [[Friends-词汇总表#forehead\|forehead]] to your [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]] without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they’re left with a big black [[Friends-词汇总表#pencil\|pencil]] line right down the center of their face.

**Ben:** Can I do it to you?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I-I-I-I’m funny Ben, but I’m not stupid. Okay?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are eating lunch as Joey enters.

**Joey:** So, did you uh, find anyone to marry you guys yet?

**Chandler:** No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.

**Monica:** We’re never gonna find anybody.

**Joey:** Well then let me do it!

**Chandler:** Joe…

**Joey:** No-no-no! Look, I’ve been thinking about it. I’m an actor right? So I won’t get [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] talking in front of people.

**Monica:** Joey look it’s really sweet…

**Joey:** No-no-no-no look no! I won’t [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]], and I won’t [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stare]] at Monica’s breasts! Y’know? Everyone knows I’m an ass man!

**Monica:** That is true.

**Joey:** Yeah and the most important thing is that it won’t be some like, [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] up there who [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] knows you. It’ll be me! And I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] I’ll do a really good job. Plus, y’know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Y’know, we haven’t found anybody else.

**Monica:** It might be kinda cool.

**Joey:** So I can do it?

**Chandler:** Yeah you can do it.

**Joey:** All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]! Oh, wait a minute, Internet ministers can still have sex right?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Okay.

*(Phoebe enters slowly.)*

**Monica:** Hey Pheebs, how’s it going?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#headache\|headache]]. A [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] headache!

**Monica:** Oh, I’m sorry. Can I get you something?

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, you’ve got to stop [[Friends-词汇总表#chatter\|chattering]]!

**Monica:** Here, take a couple of these. *(She gets up to grab a couple of pills.)*

**Phoebe:** What is it?

**Monica:** It’s Hexadrin.

**Phoebe:** Oh no, I don’t believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. *(She’s pinching the bit of skin between her right thumb and forefinger with her left hand.)* Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a [[Friends-词汇总表#headache\|headache]], so thanks. *(Takes the pills.)*

**Monica:** Okay, while we’re waiting for these [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pills]] to kick in, I’m gonna sit you down on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]. Come on. *(Phoebe gets up and goes with her.)* Get some nice soft [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillows]] under your head, I’m gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I’m—Sit down—*(She sits down on the couch)*—gonna make you some [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]]. And then, I’m gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] your feet.

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Joey:** Oh! My head! Oh! *(He’s sitting on the chair, lies back, and puts his feet up for Monica to rub.)* Oh!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is reading and there is knock on the door which she answers.

**Rachel:** Coming.

*(She opens the door to reveal Ross with a pencil mark from his forehead to his chin.)*

**Ross:** I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]] to pick with you.

**Rachel:** Uh-oh.

**Ross:** Yes! Ben learned a little [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]].

**Rachel:** Oh yeah? Did he pull the old… *(She is waving her hand up and down her face. She’s thinking about the pencil mark.)*

**Ross:** That’s right! That’s right! Saran Wrap on the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] seat so the [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] goes [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]]!

**Rachel:** Oh that.

**Ross:** Yeah that! You know I hate [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]] jokes! They’re mean and they’re stupid and-and I don’t want my son learning them!

**Rachel:** Oh, come on! Saran Wrap on the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] seat, you don’t think that’s just a little funny?!

**Ross:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#barefoot\|barefoot]]. Now tell me, the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] thing is the only thing you [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] him right?

**Rachel:** *(looking at his mark)* Yes.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe, Chandler, and Monica are there.

**Phoebe:** It’s amazing! My [[Friends-词汇总表#headache\|headache]] is completely gone! What are those [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pills]] called?

**Monica:** Hexadrin. *(She gets the box out of her purse.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, I love you Hexadrin! *(She kisses the box.)* Oh look! It comes with a story! *(She pulls out the instructions and side affects paper.)*

**Monica:** No Phoebe, those are like the side [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affects]] and stuff.

**Phoebe:** Say what?

**Monica:** Y’know, the possible side [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affects]].

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! *(Starts reading them.)* Dizziness, [[Friends-词汇总表#nervousness\|nervousness]], [[Friends-词汇总表#drowsiness\|drowsiness]], [[Friends-词汇总表#facial\|facial]] [[Friends-词汇总表#swell\|swelling]], [[Friends-词汇总表#nausea\|nausea]], [[Friends-词汇总表#headache\|headache]]—Headache. Vomiting, [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bleed\|bleeding]], [[Friends-词汇总表#liver\|liver]] damage! Now okay, I don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#recall\|recall]] any of this coming up when you gave me these little death [[Friends-词汇总表#capsule\|capsules]]! Oh I’m sorry, extra [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] death capsules!

**Monica:** Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!

**Phoebe:** Why?

**Monica:** In case it happens.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani! *(Holds up the piece of paper bearing the proof of his ordination.)*

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Monica:** You did it! You got [[Friends-词汇总表#ordain\|ordained]]?!

**Joey:** Yeah, I just got off the Internet! Man, there is a lot of porn out there!

**Chandler:** Our minister…

**Phoebe:** I have [[Friends-词汇总表#liver\|liver]] damage. Ow! Oh! *(She grabs the left side of her torso.)*

**Monica:** Phoebe, your [[Friends-词汇总表#liver\|liver]] is right here. *(She points to the right side of her torso.)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, then I must be [[Friends-词汇总表#disorient\|disoriented]].

**Joey:** Anyway, I started working on what I’m going to say for the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]], do you wanna hear it?

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so… *(Starts to read the piece of paper he brought.)* "We are [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gathered]] here today on this [[Friends-词汇总表#joyous\|joyous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] the special love that Monica and Chandler share." *(Monica and Chandler like it so far.)* Eh? *(He continues reading.)* "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." *(Phoebe nods her approval.)* "We too can share and love and have and receive."

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Should we call the [[Friends-词汇总表#spitter\|spitter]]?


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Carol and Susan’s, there is a knock on the door and Carol opens it to reveal Rachel.

**Carol:** Hey Rachel! *(The camera cuts to her face and we see that Ben pulled the quarter trick with her as well.)*

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Carol:** What a nice surprise! What are you doing here?

**Rachel:** Well y’know I was just in the [[Friends-词汇总表#neighborhood\|neighborhood]] and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What’s up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"

**Carol:** Can I ask what—Come on in.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Carol:** Umm uh, I’ll make some coffee and we can uh, chat.

**Rachel:** I’d love that. I would loooove… *(Carol goes to make the coffee and she sits down.)* So uh, so where is sweet little Ben? I would love to have a little...

**Ben:** *(jumping up from behind her chair)* Gotcha!! *(Rachel jumps up startled.)*

**Rachel:** I found him! *(To Ben)* Very funny, come here! *(She sits down on the coffee table and Ben walks up.)* That is exactly why I’ve come here to talk to you okay?

**Carol:** *(from the kitchen)* Rach, do you want some [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]] in your coffee?

**Rachel:** Yes oh—*(To Ben)*—Do I want [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]] in my coffee? *(Ben nods no.)* No, just some [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] would be good Carol. Thanks. *(To Ben)* Okay, do you remember all that stuff I [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] you yesterday?

**Ben:** *(mimicking her)* Remember all that stuff I [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] you yesterday?

**Rachel:** Don’t do that.

**Ben:** Don’t do that.

**Rachel:** Seriously, your dad doesn’t like [[Friends-词汇总表#prank\|pranks]].

**Ben:** Seriously, your dad doesn’t like [[Friends-词汇总表#prank\|pranks]].

**Rachel:** Oh damnit!

**Ben:** Oh damnit!

**Rachel:** No! Don’t say that! Don’t say that!

**Ben:** Damnit!

**Rachel:** No don’t! Go back to [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeating]]!

**Ben:** Damnit!

**Rachel:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]!

**Ben:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler, and Monica are returning from Central Perk.

**Phoebe:** I feel like my face is [[Friends-词汇总表#swell\|swelling]]. *(To Monica)* Is my face [[Friends-词汇总表#swell\|swelling]]?

**Monica:** Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!

**Phoebe:** Oh, interesting you should call me that! Now that I may never have one!

*(Holds up the warning label.)*

**Joey:** Okay you guys, I got a little more written. Are you ready?

**Chandler:** Yeah. O-okay.

**Joey:** *(reading)* "When I think of the love that these two [[Friends-词汇总表#giver\|givers]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#receiver\|receivers]] share, I can not help but [[Friends-词汇总表#envy\|envy]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] of having and loving and giving and…" And then I can’t think of a good word for right here. *(He points to the stop on the paper where he left off.)*

**Monica:** How about receiving?

**Joey:** Yes!

**Chandler:** See Joe, not that that’s not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] is that it can be about us! Y’know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!

**Joey:** Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole [[Friends-词汇总表#steak\|steak]]?! Remember?

**Chandler:** No, not us… *(Motions Joey and him.)* Us! *(Motions Monica and him.)*

**Monica:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]]. Sorry. *(To Monica)* So, did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?

**Phoebe:** Did you ever feed him a [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poison]] [[Friends-词汇总表#capsule\|capsule]] that made him [[Friends-词汇总表#bleed\|bleed]] from the eyes?

**Monica:** It doesn’t say that!

**Phoebe:** Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affects]]!

**Chandler:** See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] stories. Nice stories.

**Joey:** Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I’ll talk about London! Y’know when you two [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] up! Only, only I won’t say hooked up. I’ll say, "Began their beautiful [[Friends-词汇总表#journey\|journey]]…"

**Monica:** There you go!

**Joey:** "…by doin’ it."

**Chandler:** Joe?

**Joey:** Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y’know you’re in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bathtub\|bathtub]] together and she’s feeding you [[Friends-词汇总表#strawberry\|strawberries]]?

**Chandler:** Isn’t that what happened with you and the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]]?

**Joey:** Yeah!! I call that London style.

**Monica:** No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy that I was Ross’s mom.

**Joey:** Oh.

**Monica:** And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he [[Friends-词汇总表#console\|consoled]] me. And well we drank too much…

**Joey:** Yeah baby!

**Chandler:** And I was a perfect [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.

**Joey:** Oh.

**Chandler:** But then later that night…

**Joey:** Yeah baby!


> [!scene] Cut to London, Chandler’s hotel room. He is getting ready for bed by doing push-ups. One push-up. Just as he gets under the covers, there’s a knock on the door.

**Chandler:** *(answering the door)* Hey!

**Monica:** *(standing outside)* Cute PJ’s! You’re really [[Friends-词汇总表#livin\|livin]]’ it up here in London huh?

**Chandler:** Well I was… I was exactly expecting company after…*(He looks at his watch.)* 9:15.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Is Joey here?

**Chandler:** Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#strawberry\|strawberries]]. So uh, you’re not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?

**Monica:** Wouldn’t you be?

**Chandler:** Well, look it’s been a really [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] time y’know, and you’ve had a lot to drink. And you’ve just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** You kidding? You’re the most beautiful woman in most rooms…

*(She jumps up and kisses him.) (Breaking the kiss.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What’s going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?*

**Monica:** Well, not anymore.

**Chandler:** But we don’t do that.

**Monica:** I know, I just thought it would be fun.

**Chandler:** How drunk are you?

**Monica:** Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] about taking advantage.

**Chandler:** *(thinks)* That’s the perfect amount!

**Monica:** Okay!

*(They run to the bed, sit down, and start making out again.)*

**Monica:** *(breaking the kiss)* Y’know what’s weird?

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** This doesn’t feel weird!

**Chandler:** I know.

**Monica:** You’re a really good [[Friends-词汇总表#kisser\|kisser]].

**Chandler:** Well, I have kissed over four women. *(They kiss again.)* Do you wanna get under the covers?

**Monica:** Hm-hmm!

**Chandler:** Okay!

*(They do so and they take off their clothes.)*

**Monica:** Wow! You are really fast!

**Chandler:** It [[Friends-词汇总表#bode\|bodes]] well for me that speed [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impresses]] you.

**Monica:** We’re gonna see each other naked.

**Chandler:** Yep!

**Monica:** Do you wanna do it at the same time?

**Chandler:** Count of three?

**Monica:** One!

**Chandler:** Two!

**Monica:** Two! Monica and Chandler: Three! *(They lift up the covers and check each other out, then come back up with silly grins on their faces.)*

**Chandler:** Well I think it’s safe to say that our [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#effectively\|effectively]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]].

**Monica:** Eh, we weren’t that close anyway!

**Chandler:** Eh!

*(They start making out again, and it takes Joey trying to enter to stop them.)*

**Chandler:** Joey! Joey! Joey! J-J-Joey-Joey-J-Joey! *(Monica hides under the covers as Joey enters. Remember?)*

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e… *(Notices that the TV is turned off.)*

**Joey:** Oh, dude I’m so sorry!

**Chandler:** No! No! No!

**Joey:** Hey no-no-no-no! It’s cool! It’s cool! I-I’ll only be a second, I’m still with my [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]], I just—Where are those [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condoms]] you brought?

**Chandler:** They’re in my bag over there. *(Points.)*

**Joey:** Ah. *(Joey walks to Chandler’s bag by getting as far away from Chandler’s bed as possible.)*

**Chandler:** Uh, could you leave me one?

**Joey:** *(pause)* For just you?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Hey listen, why don’t you come [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] with me? There’s some really nice girls down there.

**Chandler:** No I-I-I’m fine.

**Joey:** All right, here you go buddy. *(He tosses him one.)* Go [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]]. *(Exits.)*


> [!scene] Cut back to Monica and Chandler telling Phoebe and Joey the story.

**Joey:** That’s what that was?! ‘Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.

**Monica:** Okay, can we change the topic? Because it’s really doing nothing for me.

**Joey:** Oh… *(To Chandler)* Can you [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] if I hadn’t left you that last one? You two might’ve never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]] up to the room like I was gonna?! It’s like it was in the stars!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, it’s totally meant to be. *(To Monica)* Tell him who you [[Friends-词汇总表#originally\|originally]] wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] up with that night.

**Monica:** What?!

**Chandler:** What?

**Phoebe:** *(To Joey)* What?!

**Chandler:** Who did you [[Friends-词汇总表#originally\|originally]] want to [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] up with?

**Monica:** Okay, fine but please don’t be upset! Okay? I was really [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressed]] okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningless\|meaningless]]. I just wanted…just sex. So, when I…went to your room that night…I was actually looking…for Joey. *(Joey smiles.)*

**Joey:** Yeah baby! *(Chandler glares at him.)* No baby!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, scene continued from earlier.

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-[[Friends-词汇总表#intend\|intend]] on telling me about this?

**Monica:** No because it-it didn’t seem important.

**Chandler:** Oh, it’s not important? It’s not important?! If it wasn’t for a [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] you’d be marrying him *(Points to Joey)* not me!

**Monica:** Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!

**Joey:** And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv—*(Shuts up on Monica’s glare.)*

**Chandler:** I don’t believe it. The most [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] night of my life and I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#runner\|runner]] up.

**Monica:** Chandler, please! Do you know how [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievably\|unbelievably]] glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!

**Joey:** Hey! *(Monica turns and looks at him)* Now I’m a man of the [[Friends-词汇总表#cloth\|cloth]], but I still have [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]]!

**Chandler:** *(To Joey)* Look there is no way you’re doing this wedding now. Okay?

**Joey:** What?! That’s not fair! It’s not my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]! I was off with my [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]]! And who’s to say I would’ve even said yes?! *(To Monica)* I mean I would’ve said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!

**Chandler:** Okay, it’s just weird! Okay? I don’t want to be standing their saying my [[Friends-词汇总表#vow\|vows]] and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need…I don’t know what I need. I need a walk.

**Monica:** Wait Chandler come on, let’s—it’s not a big deal!

**Chandler:** It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] for Robin. *(Walks out and slams the door.)*

**Joey:** This is crazy.

**Phoebe:** I know! Robin is so gay!


> [!scene] Scene: Carol and Susan’s, Rachel is talking with Ben.

**Rachel:** So now what have we agreed?

**Ben:** No more [[Friends-词汇总表#prank\|pranks]].

**Rachel:** And-and what else?

**Ben:** That you and daddy were not on a break.

**Rachel:** Very good.

*(There’s a knock on the door and Ross enters.)*

**Ross:** Rachel! What are you doing here?

**Rachel:** I’m just visiting my good friend Carol.

**Ross:** Your good friend?

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Ross:** What’s her last name?

**Rachel:** Carol…Lesbian?

**Ross:** Nice. And by the way that uh, that line down my face?

**Rachel:** What line?

**Ross:** Wh-wh-what line? The line that [[Friends-词汇总表#prompt\|prompted]] a student in my last class of the day to say uh, *(In a college frat boy voice)* "Dude, don’t you ever was your face?"

**Rachel:** All right, I’m sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you but you were so mad already!

**Ross:** Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it’s not funny!

**Carol:** *(entering from the kitchen)* Hey Ross!

**Ross:** Hi.

**Carol:** What’s not funny?

**Ross:** Practical jokes.

**Carol:** Oh I…I think they’re funny.

**Ross:** You have a line down your face.

**Carol:** What? *(Goes and checks.)*

**Rachel:** Okay, maybe they are not funny to you…

**Carol:** *(yelling from the bathroom)* Oh my God!

**Rachel:** Or Carol! But they’re funny to kids and who is it hurting?!

**Ross:** Uh, y’know what? I’ll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] class so he has to go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#principal\|principal]]’s office wearing nothing but a [[Friends-词汇总表#catcher\|catcher]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#mitt\|mitt]]!

**Rachel:** That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shake]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#fist\|fist]] in the air and [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shout]], "I will be [[Friends-词汇总表#revenge\|revenged]]?!"

**Ross:** I will be! Listen, I don’t want you [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaching]] my son that stuff anymore. Okay?

**Rachel:** Fine. Fine, but I’ll have you know that once I [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I’ll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that’s what you want!

**Ross:** No that’s not what I want. Uh, I’m glad you guys were [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bonding]] but I…

**Rachel:** Look he doesn’t have any brothers or sisters, somebody’s gonna have to [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] him this stuff! And I haven’t taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn’t know anyway!

**Ben:** *(yelling from off camera)* Crap!!

**Rachel:** I gotta go! *(Runs out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is sulking on the couch as Joey enters to talk with him.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey. Do you want this [[Friends-词汇总表#scone\|scone]]? *(Holds up his plate)* It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!

**Joey:** Chandler, come on nothing even happened!

**Chandler:** Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding…

**Joey:** No-hey-no! If you don’t want me to do it, I except that. I don’t care about that. I just…I don’t want you to be upset.

**Chandler:** How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!

**Joey:** Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You’re so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, ‘cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y’know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just…it-it fits. Y’know? And you just know it’s gonna last [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]].

**Chandler:** That’s what you should say.

**Joey:** What?

**Chandler:** When you’re marrying us; that’s what you should say.

**Joey:** Really? I can do it?

**Chandler:** I’d love it if you would do it.

**Joey:** Hey! *(They hug.)*

**Chandler:** But those are the words! Those [[Friends-词汇总表#exact\|exact]] words!

**Joey:** Well I don’t know remember exactly but, it’s-it’s pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is in the kitchen as Ross and Ben are entering.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey I’m sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]? I-I’ve got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, ‘Fun Aunt’ Rachel, so…

**Rachel:** Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don’t we Ben?

*(He nods yes.)*

**Ross:** Okay, I’ll see you later pal.

*(Ross turns to leave.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh, okay. *(Ross has a sign on his back that reads ‘Poop.’)* Wh—Ah-ha! *(Ross stops and turns.)* Wait a minute. Uh Ben, I can’t do it.

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** I can’t let him go out that way, he’s got a meeting. *(To Ross)* You’ve got something here on your back.

**Ross:** What? *(She takes the sign off and hands it to him.)* That’s great. That is great. *(Crumples up the paper and throws it down in anger.)* What did we just finish talking about Ben?!

**Rachel:** Oh I…

**Ben:** What did we just finish talking about Ben?!

**Ross:** All right, that’s it! *(He runs over to Ben, but he runs past him and out the door.)* Come—you—no! You are in big [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] young man!

**Rachel:** No! Wait! Come on!


> [!scene] Cut to the hallway, Ben runs upstairs with Ross in pursuit.

**Ross:** Wait! No! Ben, come here! I am not kidding!

**Rachel:** No you guys… *(She walks out into the hallway.)*

**Ross:** I-I-am—*(Suddenly Ross starts screaming and comes falling down the stairs landing just in front of Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** EHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! My God!!!!!!!!!!! Oh my God!!!!!!! *(She runs over to him and finds that it was a dummy and that she had been had.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Monica are entering. Phoebe and Joey are sitting on the couch.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey-hey.

**Joey:** So are guys doing okay?

**Chandler:** Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over [[Friends-词汇总表#react\|reacted]] a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] and some things in life are more important.

**Monica:** Yeah baby! *(Phoebe and Joey nod.)*

**Phoebe:** I’m really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two *(Points to Monica and Joey)* actually had [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] up.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Joey’s, Monica is cooking.

**Monica:** Honey! Dinner’s ready!

*(Joey, whose new diet is working out great, he looks like he only weighs 375 down from 420 enters from the bedroom.)*

**Fat Joey:** What’s my little chef got for me tonight?

**Monica:** Your favorite!

**Joey:** Ho-ho-ho, *(pausing for a rest next to the fridge)* [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fried]] stuff with [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]]!

**Monica:** Yep! And lot’s of it!

**Fat Joey:** Thanks sweetheart. Give me a little sugar here. *(They kiss.)* Okay.

*(Joey sits down.)*

**Monica:** Okay, in we go.

*(Monica gets behind him and in combination with his sliding the chair forward and her pushing with her leg manages to get up to the table.)*

**Fat Joey:** Here we go! Here we go! Here we go! *(Groans and picks up a piece of food.)* How you doin’? Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is getting Phoebe some coffee.

**Joey:** Here you go.

**Phoebe:** *(still reading the label)* Oh my God! This is a six-hour [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pill]]! *(Checks her watch)* That’s it! I’m out of the woods! Ohh! What a [[Friends-词汇总表#relief\|relief]]!

**Joey:** Good for you!

**Phoebe:** Oh, it’s like huge weight has been [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lifted]]! ‘Cause look, *(reads the side affects)* no hair loss, not a [[Friends-词汇总表#rash\|rash]], no [[Friends-词汇总表#hive\|hives]], I’m just so happy! Because no [[Friends-词汇总表#shortness\|shortness]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]], no [[Friends-词汇总表#temporary\|temporary]] [[Friends-词汇总表#euphoria\|euphoria]]—Oh.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（47）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 4 | 422 | 131 | *Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 4 | 197 | 118 | *Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 4 | 80 | 57 | *Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride’s maid and a bucket of strawber* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 4 | 168 | 121 | *How drunk are you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 3 | 296 | 85 | *Bye dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 3 | 181 | 87 | *Fifty-two minutes.  So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don’t have to share s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *Yeah, I-I-I-I’m funny Ben, but I’m not stupid. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 3 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, I started working on what I’m going to say for the ceremony, do you wanna hear it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 3 | 118 | 88 | *I found him!  Very funny, come here!  That is exactly why I’ve come here to talk to you okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 3 | 266 | 138 | *Y’know what’s weird?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 3 | 121 | 86 | *Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 2 | 118 | 89 | *Ben, its Rachel!  But whatever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Bye dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Easy for you to say; you’ll be wearing a veil.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Yes! A friend of mine did it and it’s totally legal!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Okay, while we’re waiting for these pills to kick in, I’m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 2 | 86 | 55 | *That’s right! That’s right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 2 | 182 | 101 | *Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They’re mean and they’re stupid and-and I don’t want my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 2 | 134 | 69 | *Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They’re mean and they’re stupid and-and I don’t want my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously, your dad doesn’t like pranks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *You kidding? You’re the most beautiful woman in most rooms…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 2 | 130 | 71 | *All right, I’m sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you but you were so mad already!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *Uh, y’know what? I’ll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *What?  That’s great. That is great.  What did we just finish talking about Ben?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Hi, we have a little bathroom emergency.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Well, we’re trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they’re all either boring or annoying * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Yes! A friend of mine did it and it’s totally legal!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Ben y’know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. ‘Cause I was, I w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Ben y’know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. ‘Cause I was, I w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I’m funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I’ve got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear—Do you want a good one? Her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *No-no-no! Look, I’ve been thinking about it. I’m an actor right? So I won’t get nervous talking in f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Okay, while we’re waiting for these pills to kick in, I’m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Oh yeah? Did he pull the old…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *It’s amazing! My headache is completely gone! What are those pills called?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *What a nice surprise! What are you doing here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *"…by doin’ it."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Cute PJ’s! You’re really livin’ it up here in London huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Well, I have kissed over four women.  Do you wanna get under the covers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *This is crazy.* |

### 常用词（68）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 5 | 60 | 37 | *Okay.  Ben? Come here. All right, I’m gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 5 | 63 | 47 | *I was barefoot. Now tell me, the toilet thing is the only thing you taught him right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] | /braid/ | n. 新娘 | n. a woman who has recently been married | 5 | 33 | 18 | *Isn’t that what happened with you and the bride’s maid?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] | /meid/ | n. 少女, 未婚女子, 女仆 | n. a female domestic | 5 | 38 | 15 | *Isn’t that what happened with you and the bride’s maid?* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 4 | 52 | 40 | *Oh damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] | /pә'fɒ:m/ | vt. 进行, 履行, 完成, 执行, 表演 | v. carry out or perform an action | 3 | 15 | 12 | *Well, we’re trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they’re all either boring or annoying * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 3 | 29 | 21 | *That’s right! That’s right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 3 | 61 | 48 | *Oh crap!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 3 | 33 | 26 | *Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I’ll talk about London! Y’know when you two hooked up! Only, only I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 2 | 50 | 40 | *Oh, yeah go ahead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 2 | 38 | 27 | *Well, we’re trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they’re all either boring or annoying * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salt\|salt]] | /sɒ:lt/ | n. 盐, 风趣, 刺激 | n. a compound formed by replacing hydrogen in an acid by a metal (or a radical t | 2 | 20 | 11 | *Well y’know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we’d jump out of closets to scar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pill]] | /pil/ | n. 药丸, 弹丸, 屈辱, 胡说 | n. something that resembles a tablet of medicine in shape or size | 2 | 12 | 10 | *Okay, while we’re waiting for these pills to kick in, I’m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 2 | 27 | 23 | *That’s right! That’s right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] | /'serimәni/ | n. 典礼, 仪式, 礼节 | n. a formal event performed on a special occasion | 2 | 18 | 13 | *Anyway, I started working on what I’m going to say for the ceremony, do you wanna hear it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 2 | 19 | 17 | *Gotcha!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 2 | 47 | 36 | *See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y’know, romantic stories. Nice stories.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 2 | 58 | 40 | *Oh…  Can you imagine if I hadn’t left you that last one? You two might’ve never gotten together. Ooh* |
| awww |  | n. 啊啊… |  | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Awww, just like his daddy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean’s office just called and said there was an urgent mee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *I don’t know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] | /'sәudә/ | n. 苏打, 碳酸水 | n a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and pape | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I’m not allowed to have soda.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] | /tʃest/ | n. 胸, 胸部, 衣柜, 箱子 | n. box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy | 1 | 14 | 12 | *You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Can you blame him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Well, we’re trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they’re all either boring or annoying * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] | /siksθ/ | num. 第六, 六分之一 | n. position six in a countable series of things | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Phoebe, we’re getting married, married; not sixth grade married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repeat\|repeat]] | /ri'pi:t/ | n. 重复, 反复 | n. an event that repeats | 1 | 17 | 10 | *Well y’know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we’d jump out of closets to scar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] | /'klɒzit/ | n. 壁橱, 小室 | n. a small private room for study or prayer | 1 | 32 | 20 | *Well y’know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we’d jump out of closets to scar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] | /skєә/ | n. 惊吓, 恐慌 | n. a sudden attack of fear | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Well y’know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we’d jump out of closets to scar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] | /tʌn/ | n. 吨 | n a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds | 1 | 18 | 17 | *I’m funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I’ve got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear—Do you want a good one? Her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *I’m funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I’ve got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear—Do you want a good one? Her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *No-no-no! Look, I’ve been thinking about it. I’m an actor right? So I won’t get nervous talking in f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] | /spit/ | n. 唾液, 唾吐, 小雨, 炙叉, 一铲的深度 | n. a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea | 1 | 26 | 22 | *No-no-no-no look no! I won’t spit, and I won’t stare at Monica’s breasts! Y’know? Everyone knows I’m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] | /'streindʒә/ | n. 陌生人, 门外汉 | n. anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Yeah and the most important thing is that it won’t be some like, stranger up there who barely knows * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Yeah and the most important thing is that it won’t be some like, stranger up there who barely knows * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Yeah and the most important thing is that it won’t be some like, stranger up there who barely knows * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] | /spi:tʃ/ | n. 演讲, 说话, 谈话, 言语, 引语, 民族语言 | n. (language) communication by word of mouth | 1 | 45 | 22 | *All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my speech! Oh, wait a minute, Inter* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *Oh, I have a headache. A horrible headache!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Okay, while we’re waiting for these pills to kick in, I’m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Okay, while we’re waiting for these pills to kick in, I’m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Okay, while we’re waiting for these pills to kick in, I’m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Okay, while we’re waiting for these pills to kick in, I’m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bone\|bone]] | /bәun/ | n. 骨头, 骨, 骨制品 | n. rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates | 1 | 21 | 13 | *I have a bone to pick with you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Yes! Ben learned a little trick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *That’s right! That’s right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 1 | 25 | 21 | *That’s right! That’s right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] | /'stʌmәk/ | n. 胃, 食欲, 欲望, 肚子 | n. an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gather]] | /'gæðә/ | n. 集合, 聚集 | n. sewing consisting of small folds or puckers made by pulling tight a thread in | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so…  "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so…  "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Yes oh——Do I want sugar in my coffee?  No, just some milk would be good Carol. Thanks.  Okay, do you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] | /'laiftaim/ | n. 一生, 终生 | n the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death) | 1 | 13 | 13 | *"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lif* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] | /'sʌdәnli/ | adv. 突然, 意外, 忽然, 迅速, 即席作成, 即刻, 急速 | r. happening unexpectedly | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side affects!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] | /i'mәuʃәnәl/ | a. 情绪的, 情感的 | a. determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Well, look it’s been a really emotional time y’know, and you’ve had a lot to drink. And you’ve just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] | /'gilti/ | a. 犯罪的, 有过失的, 自觉有错的, 心虚的 | a. responsible for or chargeable with a reprehensible act | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kisser\|kisser]] | /'kisә/ | n. 接吻的人 | n. someone who kisses | 1 | 11 | 10 | *You’re a really good kisser.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] | /im'pres/ | n. 印象, 特征, 印记 | n. the act of coercing someone into government service | 1 | 16 | 15 | *It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Well I think it’s safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Well I think it’s safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] | /'kɒndәm/ | n. 避孕套 | n. contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is w | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Hey no-no-no-no! It’s cool! It’s cool! I-I’ll only be a second, I’m still with my bride’s maid, I ju* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Hey listen, why don’t you come downstairs with me? There’s some really nice girls down there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *All right, here you go buddy.  Go nuts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depress]] | /di'pres/ | vt. 使沮丧, 压低, 降低, 使萧条 | v. lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Okay, fine but please don’t be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wa* |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *Hey!  Now I’m a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *What?! That’s not fair! It’s not my fault! I was off with my bride’s maid! And who’s to say I would’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] | /'setl/ | n. 有背长椅 | n. a long wooden bench with a back | 1 | 26 | 23 | *It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.* |

### 低频词（70）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headache\|headache]] | /'hedeik/ | n. 头痛, 令人头痛之事 | n. pain in the head caused by dilation of cerebral arteries or muscle contractio | 6 | 8 | 3 | *Oh, I have a headache. A horrible headache!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]] | /'ʃugә/ | n. 糖, 糖块, 甜言蜜语 | n. a white crystalline carbohydrate used as a sweetener and preservative | 3 | 11 | 9 | *Well y’know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we’d jump out of closets to scar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] | /ә'fekt/ | vt. 影响, 感动, 假装, 模仿, 爱好, 倾向于 | n. the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion | 3 | 11 | 9 | *No Phoebe, those are like the side affects and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swell\|swell]] | /swel/ | n. 增大, 隆起的部分, 巨浪, 肿胀 | n. the undulating movement of the surface of the open sea | 3 | 8 | 6 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liver\|liver]] | /'livә/ | n. 肝脏, 生活者, 居民 | n. large and complicated reddish-brown glandular organ located in the upper righ | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prank\|prank]] | /præŋk/ | n. 开玩笑, 恶作剧, 戏谑 | v. dress or decorate showily or gaudily | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Seriously, your dad doesn’t like pranks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#virgin\|virgin]] | /'vә:dʒin/ | n. 处女 | n. a person who has never had sex | 2 | 11 | 7 | *Okay. Well that’s pretty much all that we have—Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spitter\|spitter]] | /'spitә/ | n. 用灸叉拷肉的人, 吐唾沫的人 | n. a person who spits (ejects saliva or phlegm from the mouth) | 2 | 3 | 2 | *You mean the spitter?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ordain\|ordain]] | /ɒ:'dein/ | vt. 注定, 规定, 任命 | v. order by virtue of superior authority; decree | 2 | 3 | 2 | *No! No! It’s-it’s uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#legitimate\|legitimate]] | /li'dʒitimәt/ | a. 合法的, 正当的, 婚生的 | v. show or affirm to be just and legitimate | 2 | 4 | 3 | *We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saran\|saran]] | /sә'ræn/ | n. 赛纶, 偏氯纶 | n. any of various thermoplastic resins used to make things | 2 | 2 | 1 | *That’s right! That’s right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]] | /'præktikl/ | a. 实际的, 现实的, 实用性的 | a. concerned with actual use or practice | 2 | 8 | 7 | *Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They’re mean and they’re stupid and-and I don’t want my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#capsule\|capsule]] | /'kæpsju:l/ | n. 胶囊, 蒴果, 瓶帽, 航天舱 | n. a small container | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strawberry\|strawberry]] | /'strɒ:bәri/ | n. 草莓 | n. sweet fleshy red fruit | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#originally\|originally]] | /ә'ridʒәnli/ | adv. 本来, 原来, 最初, 就起源而论, 独创地 | r. in an original manner | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah, it’s totally meant to be.  Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#robin\|robin]] | /'rɒbin/ | n. 旅鸫 | n. small Old World songbird with a reddish breast | 2 | 3 | 2 | *It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romance\|romance]] | /rәu'mæns/ | n. 冒险故事, 浪漫史, 传奇文学 | n. the group of languages derived from Latin | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh, before we do uh, are any of Joey’s special romance magazines in there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dean\|dean]] | /di:n/ | n. 院长, 主持牧师 | n. an administrator in charge of a division of a university or college | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean’s office just called and said there was an urgent mee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]] | /'ә:dʒәnt/ | a. 紧急的, 急迫的, 催逼的 | s compelling immediate action | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean’s office just called and said there was an urgent mee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coke\|coke]] | /kәuk/ | n. 可口可乐, 焦炭 | n. carbon fuel produced by distillation of coal | 1 | 13 | 8 | *Uh great! How do you feel about Diet Coke?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#margarita\|margarita]] | /,mɑ:^ә'ri:tә/ | n. 玛格丽塔(Margaret的异体)(f.) | n. a cocktail made of tequila and triple sec with lime and lemon juice | 1 | 11 | 6 | *Okay. Well that’s pretty much all that we have—Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]] | /veil/ | n. 面纱, 面罩, 借口, 幕, 帐, 遮蔽物 | n. a membranous covering attached to the immature fruiting body of certain mushr | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Easy for you to say; you’ll be wearing a veil.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clergy\|clergy]] | /'klә:dʒi/ | n. 牧师, 僧侣, 神职人员 | n. in Christianity, clergymen collectively (as distinguished from the laity) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saliva\|saliva]] | /sә'laivә/ | n. 唾液, 唾沫, 涎 | n. a clear liquid secreted into the mouth by the salivary glands and mucous glan | 1 | 3 | 3 | *We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pitcher\|pitcher]] | /'pitʃә/ | n. 有把的大罐, 瓶状体, 投手, 摊贩 | n. (baseball) the person who does the pitching | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Hey! We were not on a—Okay. That’s fine! Fine. Y’know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#torture\|torture]] | /'tɒ:tʃә/ | n. 拷问, 苦闷 | n. unbearable physical pain | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh, you’re one of those. But y’know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured eac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]] | /'siәriәl/ | n. 谷类食品, 谷类植物 | n. grass whose starchy grains are used as food: wheat; rice; rye; oats; maize; b | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well y’know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we’d jump out of closets to scar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blacken\|blacken]] | /'blækәn/ | vt. 使变黑, 诽谤 | v. make or become black | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’m funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I’ve got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear—Do you want a good one? Her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forehead\|forehead]] | /'fɒ:rid/ | n. 额, 前额, 前部 | n the part of the face above the eyes | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I’m funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I’ve got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear—Do you want a good one? Her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chin\|chin]] | /tʃin/ | n. 下巴, 颏 | n. the protruding part of the lower jaw | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I’m funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I’ve got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear—Do you want a good one? Her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pencil\|pencil]] | /'pensl/ | n. 铅笔, 色笔, 眉笔, 画笔, 光线束 | n. a thin cylindrical pointed writing implement; a rod of marking substance enca | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I’m funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I’ve got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear—Do you want a good one? Her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horny\|horny]] | /'hɒ:ni/ | a. 角的, 似角一样坚硬的, 角质的, 老茧的 | s. having horns or hornlike projections | 1 | 8 | 5 | *No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stare]] | /stєә/ | vi. 注视, 凝视, 瞪视, 显眼 | n. a fixed look with eyes open wide | 1 | 8 | 8 | *No-no-no-no look no! I won’t spit, and I won’t stare at Monica’s breasts! Y’know? Everyone knows I’m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chatter\|chatter]] | /'tʃætә/ | n. 饶舌, 啁啾, 喋喋不休 | n. the rapid series of noises made by the parts of a machine | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my God, you’ve got to stop chattering!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barefoot\|barefoot]] | /'bєәfut/ | a. 赤脚的 | s. without shoes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I was barefoot. Now tell me, the toilet thing is the only thing you taught him right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dizziness\|dizziness]] | /'dizinis/ | n. 头昏眼花 | n. a reeling sensation; a feeling that you are about to fall | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervousness\|nervousness]] |  | n. 神经, 神经元, 易激动, 紧张不安, 神经过敏, 神经质, 担忧, 害怕, 简练, 刚劲 | n. an uneasy psychological state | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drowsiness\|drowsiness]] | /'drauzinis/ | n. 睡意 | n a very sleepy state | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#facial\|facial]] | /'feiʃәl/ | n. 美颜, 脸部按摩 | n. cranial nerve that supplies facial muscles | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nausea\|nausea]] | /'nɒ:ʃjә/ | n. 反胃, 晕船, 恶心, 厌恶 | n. the state that precedes vomiting | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vomit\|vomit]] | /'vɒmit/ | vt. 吐出, 呕吐 | n. the matter ejected in vomiting | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bleed\|bleed]] | /bli:d/ | vi. 流血, 悲痛, 渗出 | v. draw blood | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recall\|recall]] | /ri'kɒ:l/ | n. 回忆, 召回, 撤消 | n. a request by the manufacturer of a defective product to return the product (a | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] | /streŋθ/ | n. 力量, 实力, 强度, 浓度, 人数, 抵抗力 | n. the property of being physically or mentally strong | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache—Headache. Vomiting* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reverend\|reverend]] | /'revәrәnd/ | n. 教士, 大人(对教士的尊称) | n. a title of respect for a clergyman | 1 | 12 | 4 | *Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disorient\|disorient]] | /dis'ɒ:rient/ | vt. 使失去方向, 使迷惑 | v. cause to be lost or disoriented | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, then I must be disoriented.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joyous\|joyous]] | /'dʒɒiәs/ | a. 快乐的, 高兴的 | a. full of or characterized by joy | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so…  "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasion\|occasion]] | /ә'keiʒәn/ | n. 场合, 时机, 机会, 诱因, 理由 | n. reason | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so…  "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighborhood\|neighborhood]] | /'neibәhud/ | n. 附近, 邻近 | n. people living near one another | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Well y’know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "W* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giver\|giver]] | /'givә/ | n. 给予者, 赠予人 | n. someone who devotes himself completely | 1 | 2 | 2 | *"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lif* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#receiver\|receiver]] | /ri'si:vә/ | n. 接收器；接受者；收信机；收款员, 接待者 | n. set that receives radio or tv signals | 1 | 2 | 2 | *"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lif* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#envy\|envy]] | /'envi/ | n. 羡慕, 嫉妒 | n. a feeling of grudging admiration and desire to have something that is possess | 1 | 4 | 4 | *"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lif* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#atlantic\|atlantic]] | /әt'læntik/ | n. 大西洋 | n. the 2nd largest ocean; separates North and South America on the west from Eur | 1 | 14 | 7 | *Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steak\|steak]] | /steik/ | n. 牛排, 鱼排, 肉排 | n. a slice of meat cut from the fleshy part of an animal or large fish | 1 | 13 | 9 | *Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poison]] | /'pɒizn/ | n. 毒药, 毒, 毒物, 有毒害的事物 | n. any substance that causes injury or illness or death of a living organism | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathtub\|bathtub]] | /'bɑ:θtʌb/ | n. 浴缸 | n. a relatively large open container that you fill with water and use to wash th | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#console\|console]] | /kәn'sәul/ | vt. 安慰, 藉慰 | n. a scientific instrument consisting of displays and an input device that an op | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he consoled me. And well we drank too much…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#livin\|livin]] |  | [医]（尚无中文译名）新发现的凋亡抑制蛋白，存在于胚胎组织、胎盘和一些恶性肿瘤组织中。 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Cute PJ’s! You’re really livin’ it up here in London huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]] | /'bʌkit/ | n. 桶 | n. a roughly cylindrical vessel that is open at the top | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride’s maid and a bucket of strawber* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bode\|bode]] | /bәud/ | v. 预示 | v. indicate by signs | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#effectively\|effectively]] | /i'fektivli/ | adv. 有效地, 有力地, 实际上 | r. in actuality or reality or fact | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well I think it’s safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]] | /'hukә/ | n. 用钩子的人, 渔船 | n. United States general in the Union Army who was defeated at Chancellorsville  | 1 | 22 | 8 | *Oh…  Can you imagine if I hadn’t left you that last one? You two might’ve never gotten together. Ooh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningless\|meaningless]] | /'mi:niŋlis/ | a. 无意义的 | a. having no meaning or direction or purpose | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Okay, fine but please don’t be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wa* |
| receiv |  | [网络] 收到 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv—* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#runner\|runner]] | /'rʌnә/ | n. 跑步者, 赛跑者, 送信人, 走私船, 操作者, 滑槽 | n. someone who travels on foot by running | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I don’t believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I’m runner up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievably\|unbelievably]] | /ˌʌnbɪˈli:vəblɪ/ | adv. 难以置信地, 不可信地 | r. in an unbelievable manner | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cloth\|cloth]] | /klɒ:θ. klɒθ/ | n. 布料, 织品, 布 | n artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synth | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey!  Now I’m a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vow\|vow]] | /vau/ | n. 誓约, 誓言, 许愿 | n. a solemn pledge (to oneself or to another or to a deity) to do something or t | 1 | 11 | 5 | *Okay, it’s just weird! Okay? I don’t want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#batman\|batman]] | /'bætmәn/ | n. 勤务兵 | n. an orderly assigned to serve a British military officer | 1 | 13 | 2 | *It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prompt\|prompt]] | /prɒmpt/ | n. 激励, 提示, 提醒物, 提词, 付款期限 | n. a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spok | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh,  "Dude, don* |
