---
season: 7
episode: "20"
title: "The One With Rachel&#146;s Big Kiss"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E20 — The One With Rachel&#146;s Big Kiss

*Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan and Scott Silveri*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Monica, and Rachel are sitting on the couch and Ross is sitting on the chair, and they’re all talking.

**Rachel:** Hey! Out of all of us, who do you think is gonna get married next?

**Joey:** Probably Monica and Chandler.

*(A woman walks up to Gunther in the background.)*

**Woman:** *(to Gunther)* Hi. Could I have a pack of Newport Lights, please?

**Gunther:** Oh umm, uh we don’t sell [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]], but they have them at the [[Friends-词汇总表#newsstand\|newsstand]] across the street. *(Points.)*

**Woman:** That’d be great, thanks. *(Gunther goes and gets them.)*

**Rachel:** *(to the gang)* Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don’t think I have the energy for this.

**Melissa:** *(Gasps when she notices Rachel)* Oh my God! Ray-ray Green?! *(Screams)*

**Rachel:** *(screaming)* Melissa!

**Melissa:** You have been M.I.A for the past seven [[Friends-词汇总表#sorority\|sorority]] newsletters, what’s up with you?!

**Rachel:** Wh—*(Turns and looks at the gang who’s staring)*—Why don’t I tell you over here? *(She walks Melissa away from the gang.)*

**Melissa:** So last I heard you were gonna get married. *(Grabs Rachel’s hand and notices that she doesn’t have a ring on it.)* *(Sadly)* Oh poor Ray-ray.

**Rachel:** Oh no-no, no! It’s good! It’s all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!

**Melissa:** Shut up!

**Rachel:** I will not! I’m the [[Friends-词汇总表#divisional\|divisional]] head of men’s [[Friends-词汇总表#sportswear\|sportswear]]!

**Melissa:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up more! Now, are you friends with Ralph?

**Rachel:** Oh please…

**Melissa:** *(excitedly)* Are you?!

**Rachel:** No.

**Melissa:** Listen, we-we have to have dinner. What-what are you doing tomorrow night?

**Rachel:** Oh tomorrow, oh I don’t know. Um…

**Melissa:** You do now. You’re having dinner with me.

**Rachel:** Shut up.

**Melissa:** I-I’ve got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! *(Gunther returns with her cigarettes.)* Oh, there you are. *(Takes them from Gunther.)* *(To Rachel)* Umm, so listen, just call me. Here’s my card. *(Hands the card over.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, wow thanks! *(Reading the card)* Oh you’re in real estate!

**Melissa:** Oh no, that’s-that’s an old card. Umm, I wanted to get out of that and-and do something where I can really help people and-and make a difference.

**Rachel:** Wow! What do you do now?

**Melissa:** *(quietly)* I’m a party [[Friends-词汇总表#planner\|planner]]. I’ll see you tomorrow.

*(Exits.)*

**Rachel:** Okay! *(Joins the rest of the gang.)*

**Joey:** Hey guys! Look who’s back! It’s Ray-ray!

**Rachel:** Shut up that was my friend Melissa from college.

**Ross:** She seems really, really fun!

**Rachel:** She’s actually very sweet and we used to be very close.

**Monica:** Wait a minute, she isn’t… She’s not the one who you…

**Joey:** *(excitedly)* Who you what? Who you what?!

**Rachel:** *(To Monica)* Yes.

**Monica:** Wow!

**Joey:** *(excitedly)* Wow? Wow what?! Wow what?! Who you—what?!!

**Rachel:** It’s not a big deal!

**Monica:** *(To Joey)* They were [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lovers]].

**Ross:** What?!

**Joey:** What?!

**Rachel:** No we weren’t! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#sangria\|sangria]] and y’know, ended up…kissing for a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]].

**Ross:** So that’s two of my wives.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is working on the seating chart while Chandler looks on and Rachel reads.

**Monica:** *(telling Chandler the seating arrangement)* Okay so this is where the band is. *(Points.)* And this is where the bar is. *(Points)* And all these [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pins]] have people’s names on them. *(She has pins to show the seating at each of the tables.)* And Rach, here you are. *(Points to Rachel’s place.)*

**Rachel:** Oh wow. Why don’t we just take me *(Grabs her pin)* and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute [[Friends-词汇总表#bartender\|bartender]]. *(Puts her pin at the bar and laughs. Monica just glares at her.)* These [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pins]] [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t for playing are they?

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.

**Chandler:** This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pins]].

**Monica:** Chandler, relax it’s not a [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]]. *(To Rachel)* Certainly not a close one.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hello!

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey Rach. *(Stares at her.)*

**Rachel:** Stop picturing it!!

**Monica:** Okay, I think that’s it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they’re having fun don’t they?

**Joey:** Hey, so where are my parents gonna be?

**Monica:** Oh! *(Gets up)* Let’s see, well…if this is the wedding hall then umm *(Walks away)* you’re parents will be at home in Queens.

**Joey:** What they’re not invited?! Oh no, that’s terrible! They’re gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crushed]]!

**Monica:** Why would they think they’re invited?

**Joey:** *(looking around)* You got me. I don’t…

**Monica:** Joey!

**Joey:** Well, I’m sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y’know? Your parents are [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]]’! Chandler’s parents are comin’! Ross’s parents are comin’!

**Monica:** Ross’s parents are my parents!

**Joey:** Well-well—see? Parents are [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]]’!

**Chandler:** Y’know I think we should invite them.

**Monica:** Oh please, you just want more blue [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pins]].

**Chandler:** Well this is just sad!

**Monica:** All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some [[Friends-词汇总表#rearrange\|rearranging]]. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!

**Rachel:** That is not a problem.

**Joey:** *(leaning down to her)* Maybe you’ll order a little [[Friends-词汇总表#sangria\|sangria]]?

**Rachel:** Oh, get out of here! *(Jumps back and walks away.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ralph Lauren, Rachel is showing Chandler the selection of tuxedos.

**Rachel:** *(motioning to a rack)* So now, these are all the [[Friends-词汇总表#tuxedo\|tuxedos]] that we make and if there’s anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. *(Grabs a few)* But these are the three that Monica pre-[[Friends-词汇总表#approve\|approved]].

**Chandler:** Well, thanks a lot for [[Friends-词汇总表#hookin\|hookin]]’ me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to [[Friends-词汇总表#attend\|attend]] our wedding as my guest.

**Rachel:** I’m Monica’s [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]]. Okay? Don’t try to blue [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] me!

**Chandler:** *(sees another rack)* Well, what’s the deal with these? These-these look nice.

**Rachel:** Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make [[Friends-词汇总表#tuxedo\|tuxedos]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrities]] and then when they’re done with them they just send ‘em back.

**Chandler:** You mean like for award shows?

**Rachel:** Some of them.

**Chandler:** You mean these [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tuxes]] have been down the red [[Friends-词汇总表#carpet\|carpet]] with people [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]], "You are you wearing?! You look [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]]!"

**Rachel:** Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?

**Chandler:** Okay, who wore those? *(Points to the tuxedos.)*

**Rachel:** Umm, well let’s see uh, this one is Tom Brokaw.

**Chandler:** Not bad.

**Rachel:** *(reading a tag)* This one is uh Paul O’Neil.

**Chandler:** Who’s that?

**Rachel:** He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background. *(Chandler nods and Rachel grabs another tux)* Ooh, this one was Pierce Brosnan!

**Chandler:** Pierce Brosnan?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh.

**Chandler:** Are you serious?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** 007?! This is James Bond’s [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]]?!

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Oh, I have to get married in James Bond’s [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]]!

**Rachel:** It’s a pretty cool [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]].

**Chandler:** Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]]. Jet setting [[Friends-词汇总表#heartbreaker\|heartbreaker]] on her [[Friends-词汇总表#majesty\|majesty]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] service. A man who [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fears]] no one; with a license to kill. *(Worried.)* Would Monica let me wear this?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Phoebe are moving chess pieces around on the board and hitting the timer at random.

**Joey:** We should really learn how to play the real way. *(Moves another piece.)*

**Phoebe:** I like our way. Oh! *(Grabs a piece and jumps a bunch of Joey’s like in Checkers.)* Chess!

**Joey:** Nice move.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** So Joey I just [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] Ross and Chandler up with some [[Friends-词汇总表#tuxedo\|tuxedos]] for the wedding, do you need one?

**Joey:** No, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|performing]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]]. I’m not wearing a [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]].

**Rachel:** Well, what are you going to wear?

**Joey:** Multi-colored [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|robes]]! Ooh, and maybe a hat.

**Rachel:** Huh. Does Monica know about this?

**Joey:** I don’t think so.

**Rachel:** Can I please be there when you tell her? *(Joey nods yes.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight?

**Rachel:** Oh, y’know what? I can’t. I have to have dinner with that Melissa girl.

**Joey:** *(excitedly)* Can I come?! I won’t even talk! You’ll just hear the [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] from my video camera.

**Phoebe:** What is this? What’s going on?

**Joey:** Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!

**Rachel:** Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey’s [[Friends-词汇总表#lewd\|lewd]] version?

**Phoebe:** Joey’s!

**Joey:** Okay…

**Rachel:** Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] of telling Joey that one time…she and I y’know…kissed a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]].

**Phoebe:** *(laughs)* Yeah, I’m sure that happened.

**Rachel:** It-it did!

**Phoebe:** Sure!

**Joey:** Hey. *(Laughs then seriously)* It happened!

**Rachel:** Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi [[Friends-词汇总表#luau\|luau]] and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!

**Phoebe:** *(To Joey)* Which means she had a couple [[Friends-词汇总表#spritzer\|spritzers]] and a quick [[Friends-词汇总表#peck\|peck]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]].

**Joey:** Why are you taking this away from me?

**Rachel:** Yeah, why is it so hard for you to believe?!

**Phoebe:** Okay! I just—I didn’t know that you are a lesbian. *(Joey smiles and nods lewdly.)*

**Rachel:** I’m not saying that I’m a lesbian! I’m just saying that this happened!

**Phoebe:** Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you’re so—y’know so…[[Friends-词汇总表#vanilla\|vanilla]].

**Rachel:** *(shocked)* Vanilla?!

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#vanilla\|vanilla]]! I’ve done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!

**Phoebe:** To Ross.

**Rachel:** All right, y’know what? If you don’t want to believe me about this, why don’t you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you.

**Phoebe:** Okay! All right! Yeah! ‘Cause I just can’t picture it.

**Joey:** Oh-ho, you should get inside my head.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler is on the couch reading as Ross enters carrying a garment bag.

**Ross:** Hey! Guess what I got for your wedding! *(Holding up his garment bag.)*

**Chandler:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#freakish\|freakish]] [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] date with a [[Friends-词汇总表#hanger\|hanger]] for her head?

**Ross:** No. Rachel [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] me up with a [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]]! But not just any tux, Batman’s tux!

**Chandler:** What?

**Ross:** That’s right! Made [[Friends-词汇总表#expressly\|expressly]] for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film…that Batman film he was in.

**Chandler:** You can’t wear that! I’m wearing the [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]]! James Bond’s tux!

**Ross:** So?

**Chandler:** So—If you wear that you’ll make mine less special.

**Ross:** Well, you need something to make this day special? Hello! You-you-you have the most special thing of all! You are marrying the woman you love.

*(Chandler mimics him.)*

**Chandler:** Please, don’t take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?!

**Ross:** Pretty please? Not very uh, 007.

**Chandler:** Look, it’s my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.

**Ross:** When I got married you slept with my sister.

**Chandler:** That was pretty 007.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is still working on the seating chart as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Monica:** Hey. Oh good-good you’re here! All right, I figured it out. I’m gonna take two tables of eight, I’m gonna add your parents, and I’m gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]]; I added two extra [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meals]], we are good to go!

**Joey:** Yeah, they’re not coming.

**Monica:** *(looking at him)* What?!

**Joey:** Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They…feel a little [[Friends-词汇总表#unwanted\|unwanted]].

**Monica:** Oh that’s too bad. It’s true, but too bad.

**Joey:** Look Mon, if you could just call my mom…

**Monica:** Oh Joey!

**Joey:** Come on! Look just-just tell—let her know that you really want them to be there. Let’s not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many [[Friends-词汇总表#lasagna\|lasagnas]] over the years.

**Monica:** No she hasn’t.

**Joey:** Is it her [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] that some of them didn’t make it to you?

**Monica:** Well, what am I going to say?

**Joey:** I don’t know. Just uh, just tell ‘em it was a mix-up with the [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitations]], or—No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don’t think you can [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] it on them so… *(He dials the phone and hands it to Monica.)*

**Monica:** *(on phone)* Hello? *(Listens)* Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? *(Listens)* Hi, this is Monica Geller. *(Listens)* Yeah I’m just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitations]] that we sent weren’t [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|delivered]]. Umm, I guess there was some [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] up at the damn post office! *(Joey nods his approval.)* *(Listens)* T-Tell me about it! *(Listens)* Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! *(Listens)* What are they Irish?! *(Joey gives her a thumbs up.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A restaurant, Melissa, Rachel, and Phoebe are talking.

**Melissa:** …anyway, his name is Allan and we’ve been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party [[Friends-词汇总表#planner\|planner]]. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. *(Rachel and Phoebe politely laugh)* And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.

**Rachel:** Oh. Oh, that’s great!

**Melissa:** Hmm Phoebe, were you ever in a [[Friends-词汇总表#sorority\|sorority]]?

**Phoebe:** Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.

**Melissa:** What one?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Y’know, we were really huge too, but then they had to [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] us down when Regina Philange died of [[Friends-词汇总表#alcohol\|alcohol]] [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poisoning]].

**Melissa:** Oh, isn’t a [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] when one girl [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruins]] it for the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]]?

*(Phoebe agrees by grunting.)*

**Rachel:** *(changing the subject)* Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]]’ Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi [[Friends-词汇总表#luau\|luau]] where you and I uh, we made out.

**Melissa:** *(shocked)* What?

**Rachel:** Remember?! We—come on both had the [[Friends-词汇总表#sarong\|sarongs]] on, and we had the-the [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] tops…

**Melissa:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** …we went back the house and we got really [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] and we…we made out.

**Melissa:** Oh wow, Ray-ray I have no idea what you’re talking about.

**Phoebe:** Really?!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is on the couch as Chandler disgustedly enters.

**Chandler:** Ross is Batman!

**Monica:** Well, he did manage to keep his [[Friends-词汇总表#identity\|identity]] [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] for a long time.

**Chandler:** Rachel got Ross the [[Friends-词汇总表#tuxedo\|tuxedo]] that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] than James Bond!

**Monica:** What are you talking about?! 007 has all those [[Friends-词汇总表#gadget\|gadgets]]!

**Chandler:** Batman has a [[Friends-词汇总表#utility\|utility]] [[Friends-词汇总表#belt\|belt]]!

**Monica:** 007 has a [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] car!

**Chandler:** Batman has the Batmobile!

**Monica:** 007 gets all the ladies.

**Chandler:** Batman has Robin! *(Pause)* We get ESPN right?

**Monica:** How about you go put on your 007 [[Friends-词汇总表#tuxedo\|tuxedo]] and I’ll make you a nice [[Friends-词汇总表#martini\|martini]].

**Chandler:** Actually, I don’t like [[Friends-词汇总表#martini\|martinis]].

**Monica:** How about a Youhoo with a funny [[Friends-词汇总表#straw\|straw]]?

**Chandler:** Ooh, [[Friends-词汇总表#yum\|yum]]! *(Runs into the bedroom.)*

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Joey:** Listen, I know the [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]] says 6:00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six?

**Monica:** The show?!

**Joey:** Right. Right. The wedding, [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]]. But I mean, it’s gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?

**Monica:** Have you ever been to one of my weddings?

**Joey:** Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it’s the same day as my [[Friends-词汇总表#niece\|niece]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#christen\|christening]] and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. ‘Cause my part’s just in the beginning I’m not even in the rest of the show—Wedding!

**Monica:** The wedding starts at six.

**Joey:** Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I [[Friends-词汇总表#vamp\|vamp]] a little ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] they get there?

**Monica:** You’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#vamp\|vamp]]?!

**Joey:** Yeah! Yeah y’know, like [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] up the [[Friends-词汇总表#crowd\|crowd]]. Ask ‘em where they’re from. ‘Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an [[Friends-词汇总表#entertainer\|entertainer]]. I’m a minis-tainer! *(Rapping)* There is no one better! There is no one greater!


> [!scene] Scene: The restaurant, continued from earlier.

**Rachel:** How can you not remember us kissing?!

**Melissa:** I don’t know. I don’t remember a lot of things that never happened.

**Rachel:** Wh… Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping [[Friends-词汇总表#porch\|porch]]! We couldn’t stop [[Friends-词汇总表#giggle\|giggling]]? And our [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconuts]] kept [[Friends-词汇总表#knockin\|knockin]]’ together?

**Phoebe:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] Joey’s head is [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|exploding]].

**Rachel:** Yeah—but come on—Listen, I’m sorry I don’t want to make you [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]], but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn’t believe me.

**Melissa:** I’m sorry Ray-ray. I mean if I thought it happened I would say it. Maybe I passed out and you did stuff to me while I was sleeping.

**Rachel:** No!!

**Phoebe:** Rachel, it’s okay. You don’t have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.

**Rachel:** Thank you Phoebe.

**Melissa:** She didn’t.

**Phoebe:** I know.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are working on the seating chart as Ross enters carrying his tux around.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Monica:** You just carry that around?

**Ross:** Yes. I find it to be something of a [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] piece.

**Monica:** Between you and…

**Ross:** Gunther. *(To Chandler)* Hey-hey! Why don’t we put them on? Y’know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together.

**Chandler:** I would but mine doesn’t fit. The pants are a little [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]].

**Monica:** A little [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]]? I could see double-oh and seven in those pants.

**Ross:** Well that [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stinks]]. I was looking forward to us wearing our [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrity]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tuxes]] together.

**Chandler:** Well, does that mean that you’re not going to wearing yours?

**Ross:** What are you kidding? It’s Batman’s [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]]!!

**Chandler:** *(standing up)* Let me try it on!

**Ross:** Okay, but just the [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]]. Double-oh and seven are not [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]]’ in there.

**Chandler:** *(trying on the jacket)* Okay. Holy double-[[Friends-词汇总表#vent\|vented]] [[Friends-词汇总表#comfort\|comfort]] Batman! *(Finds something in the pocket)* What’s this?

**Ross:** What?

**Chandler:** An [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]] for the At First Sight [[Friends-词汇总表#premiere\|premiere]]? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn’t wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] guy!

**Ross:** Let me see that! *(Grabs the invitation and reads it.)* Oh man!

**Chandler:** The only [[Friends-词汇总表#superpower\|superpower]] you have is a [[Friends-词汇总表#slightly\|slightly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#heighten\|heightened]] sense of smell.

*(Hands him the jacket and walks away.)*

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?

**Monica:** All right that’s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] [[Friends-词汇总表#racial\|racial]] [[Friends-词汇总表#slur\|slurs]]? I don’t care!

**Joey:** No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They’re so happy they get to be a part of your special day.

**Monica:** *(defeated)* Oh.

**Chandler:** Well, you’re welcome. And tell them we’re really glad they’re coming.

**Joey:** Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]]!

*(Runs to his apartment and returns wearing a rather silly hat.) Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this (He tilts it to the side of his head) is for party time.*


> [!scene] Scene: Outside the restaurant, Melissa, Phoebe, and Rachel are emerging.

**Rachel:** It happened! I am telling you it happened!

**Melissa:** Okay. *(To Phoebe)* Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don’t think I’ll be calling you *(hails a cab)* because umm, y’know you’ve gotten weird. *(The cab pulls up.)* Take care you guys.

*(She’s about to get in when…)*

**Rachel:** What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! *(She does so.)* Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I’m not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don’t remember that, maybe you will remember this! *(She grabs Melissa and kisses her on the lips.)*

**Melissa:** My God! You love me!

**Rachel:** *(shocked)* What?

**Melissa:** Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconuts]] [[Friends-词汇总表#knockin\|knockin]]’ together I… *(Phoebe is shocked.)* I just didn’t want to tell you ‘cause I didn’t think that you’d return my love, and now that you have… *(Leans in to kiss Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** *(moving away)* Whoa! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa! Whoa!

**Melissa:** Aww, look who’s being [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shy\|shy]]. You can’t tell me you don’t feel what I feel. Nobody can kiss that good and not mean it. *(Goes in again.)*

**Rachel:** *(moves away again)* I-I-I-I’m just…I’m just a good [[Friends-词汇总表#kisser\|kisser]]!

**Melissa:** *(suddenly frightened)* Shut up!

**Rachel:** I’m sorry!

**Melissa:** *(laughs)* Oh you don’t have to be *(Laughs again)* sorry. I’m…I’m obviously kidding. I’m not in love with you. *(To Phoebe)* I’m not in love with her. I don’t hear [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconuts]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|banging]] together. Yeah, I don’t…picture your face when I make love to my boyfriend. Anyway, I gotta go. Eh…kiss good-bye? *(Rachel stares at her stunned.)* No? Okay. *(Hurries into the cab and drives off.)*

**Rachel:** Wow! I mean I had no idea that that was gonna…

*(Suddenly, Phoebe leans in and kisses her on the lips!)*

**Rachel:** What the hell was that?!

**Phoebe:** I just wanted to see what all the [[Friends-词汇总表#fuss\|fuss]] was about.

**Rachel:** And?

**Phoebe:** I’ve had better. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Ralph Lauren, Rachel is hooking Chandler up with another tuxedo.

**Chandler:** *(yelling from the changing room)* All right! I found one that fits!

**Rachel:** Well y’know what they say, the 23rd time’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charm]]. *(Chandler enters.)* Aww, look at you all [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]]!

**Chandler:** Whose is it?

**Rachel:** Oh does it matter?! All that matters is that you look so [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]].

**Chandler:** Whose is it?

**Rachel:** I don’t want to say.

**Chandler:** Oh, come on! I don’t care! Come on! Whose is it?

**Rachel:** Diane Keeton.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（41）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 9 | 385 | 206 | *Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey’s lewd version?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 6 | 422 | 131 | *Hey! Out of all of us, who do you think is gonna get married next?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 6 | 209 | 116 | *Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 4 | 215 | 100 | *Listen, we-we have to have dinner. What-what are you doing tomorrow night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 3 | 84 | 58 | *What they’re not invited?! Oh no, that’s terrible! They’re gonna be crushed!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 2 | 95 | 64 | *Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 2 | 219 | 100 | *No we weren’t! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *I’m not vanilla! I’ve done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Hey! Guess what I got for your wedding!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *So—If you wear that you’ll make mine less special.* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 2 | 110 | 60 | *Hello?  Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani?  Hi, this is Monica Geller.  Yeah I’m just calling to say that Cha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *…anyway, his name is Allan and we’ve been going out for three years. He was my first client when I b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Wh… Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn’t stop giggling? And our coconuts ke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 2 | 132 | 68 | *I would but mine doesn’t fit. The pants are a little tight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *What are you kidding? It’s Batman’s tux!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Oh wow. Why don’t we just take me  and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute barte* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Chandler, relax it’s not a contest.  Certainly not a close one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Okay, I think that’s it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they’re * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *What they’re not invited?! Oh no, that’s terrible! They’re gonna be crushed!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background.  Ooh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Multi-colored robes! Ooh, and maybe a hat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *Look, it’s my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *When I got married you slept with my sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Come on! Look just-just tell—let her know that you really want them to be there. Let’s not forget, t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *I don’t know. Just uh, just tell ‘em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or—No-no-no! Blame it on * |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Hello?  Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani?  Hi, this is Monica Geller.  Yeah I’m just calling to say that Cha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Hello?  Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani?  Hi, this is Monica Geller.  Yeah I’m just calling to say that Cha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Hello?  Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani?  Hi, this is Monica Geller.  Yeah I’m just calling to say that Cha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *…anyway, his name is Allan and we’ve been going out for three years. He was my first client when I b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin’ Phoebe about that one crazy night after the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *007 gets all the ladies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little ‘til they get there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *All right that’s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Look Mon, if you could just call my mom…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Well, you’re welcome. And tell them we’re really glad they’re coming.* |

### 常用词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 5 | 25 | 19 | *007?! This is James Bond’s tux?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] | /pin/ | n. 大头针, 针, 别针, 栓, 销子, 图钉, 插头, 管脚, 品(液量单位) | n. a piece of jewelry that is pinned onto the wearer's garment | 4 | 19 | 12 | *Okay so this is where the band is.  And this is where the bar is.  And all these pins have people’s * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]] |  | n. (Comin)人名；(西、意)科明；(法)科曼 |  | 4 | 21 | 17 | *Well, I’m sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y’know? Your parents are comin’! Chandler’s parents * |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 2 | 59 | 18 | *Oh no-no, no! It’s good! It’s all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 2 | 68 | 39 | *Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 2 | 33 | 26 | *So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] | /'serimәni/ | n. 典礼, 仪式, 礼节 | n. a formal event performed on a special occasion | 2 | 18 | 13 | *No, I’m performing the ceremony. I’m not wearing a tux.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 2 | 28 | 24 | *I don’t know. Just uh, just tell ‘em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or—No-no-no! Blame it on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 2 | 48 | 44 | *Hello?  Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani?  Hi, this is Monica Geller.  Yeah I’m just calling to say that Cha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 2 | 23 | 19 | *I would but mine doesn’t fit. The pants are a little tight.* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 2 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, look who’s being suddenly shy. You can’t tell me you don’t feel what I feel. Nobody can kiss th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] | /'hænsәm/ | a. 英俊的, 大方的, 慷慨的, 相当可观的, 美观的, 灵敏的 | s pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form an | 2 | 13 | 11 | *Well y’know what they say, the 23rd time’s the charm.  Aww, look at you all handsome!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] | /.sigә'ret/ | n. 香烟, 纸烟 | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | 1 | 27 | 16 | *Oh umm, uh we don’t sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street.* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 1 | 49 | 20 | *Oh no-no, no! It’s good! It’s all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *They were lovers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *Oh wow. Why don’t we just take me  and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute barte* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]] | /'kɒntest/ | n. 竞赛, 争论 | n. an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Chandler, relax it’s not a contest.  Certainly not a close one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *Chandler, relax it’s not a contest.  Certainly not a close one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *What they’re not invited?! Oh no, that’s terrible! They’re gonna be crushed!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] | /meid/ | n. 少女, 未婚女子, 女仆 | n. a female domestic | 1 | 38 | 15 | *I’m Monica’s maid of honor. Okay? Don’t try to blue pin me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] | /'ɒnә/ | n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章 | n. the state of being honored | 1 | 29 | 13 | *I’m Monica’s maid of honor. Okay? Don’t try to blue pin me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]] | /fiә/ | n. 恐怖, 害怕, 担心 | n. an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usual | 1 | 29 | 14 | *Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] | /pә'fɒ:m/ | vt. 进行, 履行, 完成, 执行, 表演 | v. carry out or perform an action | 1 | 15 | 12 | *No, I’m performing the ceremony. I’m not wearing a tux.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 1 | 40 | 26 | *Can I come?! I won’t even talk! You’ll just hear the noise from my video camera.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] | /tʃi:k/ | n. 颊, 厚颜, 脸蛋 | n. either side of the face below the eyes | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] | /θin/ | a. 薄的, 细的, 瘦的, 稀疏的, 稀薄的, 淡的, 弱的, 空洞的 | v. lose thickness; become thin or thinner | 1 | 12 | 10 | *A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] | /'feimәs/ | a. 出名的, 极好的 | s widely known and esteemed | 1 | 25 | 15 | *You can’t wear that! I’m wearing the famous tux! James Bond’s tux!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Hey. Oh good-good you’re here! All right, I figured it out. I’m gonna take two tables of eight, I’m * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] | /'sʌmhau/ | adv. 不知何故 | r. in some unspecified way or manner; or by some unspecified means | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They…feel a little unwanted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *Is it her fault that some of them didn’t make it to you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|deliver]] | /di'livә/ | vt. 递送, 陈述, 释放, 发表, 引渡, 投递, 交付 | v. deliver (a speech, oration, or idea) | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Hello?  Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani?  Hi, this is Monica Geller.  Yeah I’m just calling to say that Cha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Hello?  Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani?  Hi, this is Monica Geller.  Yeah I’m just calling to say that Cha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]] | /ʃeim/ | n. 羞耻, 羞愧, 耻辱 | n. a painful emotion resulting from an awareness of inadequacy or guilt | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Oh, isn’t a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Oh, isn’t a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tellin\|tellin]] | /'telin/ | 樱蛤 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin’ Phoebe about that one crazy night after the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *…we went back the house and we got really silly and we…we made out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *007 has a fancy car!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it’s gonna start a little late right? I mean, wedding* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little ‘til they get there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *Yeah! Yeah y’know, like warm up the crowd. Ask ‘em where they’re from. ‘Cause in Joey Tribbiani you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *Oh, somewhere Joey’s head is exploding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *Yeah—but come on—Listen, I’m sorry I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Yes. I find it to be something of a conversation piece.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Well that stinks. I was looking forward to us wearing our celebrity tuxes together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Okay, but just the jacket. Double-oh and seven are not gettin’ in there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Okay, but just the jacket. Double-oh and seven are not gettin’ in there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn’t wear this in Batman! He * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *All right that’s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *All right that’s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna * |

### 低频词（90）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#batman\|batman]] | /'bætmәn/ | n. 勤务兵 | n. an orderly assigned to serve a British military officer | 12 | 13 | 2 | *No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman’s tux!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tux\|tux]] | /tʌks/ | n. 夜小礼服, 无尾夜常礼服 | n semiformal evening dress for men | 10 | 12 | 7 | *007?! This is James Bond’s tux?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tuxedo\|tuxedo]] | /tʌk'si:dәu/ | n. 无尾礼服, 男小礼服 | n semiformal evening dress for men | 3 | 5 | 3 | *So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there’s anything that you like, we can make yo* |
| espn |  | abbr. 娱乐体育节目电视网（Entertainment Sports Programming Network）；欧洲 |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?* |
| val | /væl/ | [化] 缬氨酸 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *That’s right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film…that Batman film he was * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kilmer\|kilmer]] | /'kilmə/ | n. 基尔默（姓氏） |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *That’s right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film…that Batman film he was * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coconut\|coconut]] | /'kәukәnәt/ | n. 椰子 | n. the edible white meat of a coconut; often shredded for use in e.g. cakes and  | 3 | 8 | 5 | *Wh… Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn’t stop giggling? And our coconuts ke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sorority\|sorority]] | /sә'rɒ:riti/ | n. 妇女联谊会, 女学生联谊会 | n. a social club for female undergraduates | 2 | 3 | 2 | *You have been M.I.A for the past seven sorority newsletters, what’s up with you?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#planner\|planner]] | /'plænә/ | n. 计划者, 设计者, 安排者 | n. a person who makes plans | 2 | 3 | 2 | *I’m a party planner. I’ll see you tomorrow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sangria\|sangria]] | /sæŋ'^ri:ә/ | n. (Sp.) 桑格利亚汽酒 | n sweetened red wine and orange or lemon juice with soda water | 2 | 2 | 1 | *No we weren’t! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pierce\|pierce]] | /piәs/ | vt. 刺穿, 穿透, 打眼于, 洞悉, (声音)响彻, (亮光)照进, 深深地打动 | n. 14th President of the United States (1804-1869) | 2 | 6 | 4 | *He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background.  Ooh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brosnan\|brosnan]] |  | [人名] [爱尔兰姓氏] 布罗斯南 Brosnahan的变体 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background.  Ooh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sigma\|sigma]] | /'si^mә/ | [计] 求和 | n. the 18th letter of the Greek alphabet | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chi\|chi]] | /kai, ki:/ | n. 希腊语的第22个字母 | n. the 22nd letter of the Greek alphabet | 2 | 7 | 3 | *Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luau\|luau]] | /lu:'au, 'lu:au/ | n. (常伴有文娱节目的)夏威夷式宴会,[烹调]卢奥(用嫩芋叶和章鱼或鸡加椰子酱烹制成的一种菜) | n. an elaborate Hawaiian feast or party (especially one accompanied by tradition | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vanilla\|vanilla]] | /vә'nilә/ | n. 香草, 香子兰 | n. any of numerous climbing plants of the genus Vanilla having fleshy leaves and | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you’re so—y’know so…vanilla.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]] | /.invi'teiʃәn/ | n. 邀请, 请柬, 引诱 | n. a request (spoken or written) to participate or be present or take part in so | 2 | 18 | 9 | *I don’t know. Just uh, just tell ‘em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or—No-no-no! Blame it on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irish\|irish]] | /'airiʃ/ | n. 爱尔兰人, 爱尔兰语 | n. people of Ireland or of Irish extraction | 2 | 9 | 5 | *I don’t know. Just uh, just tell ‘em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or—No-no-no! Blame it on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vamp\|vamp]] | /væmp/ | n. 鞋面, 荡妇 | n. an improvised musical accompaniment | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little ‘til they get there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knockin\|knockin]] |  | 爆震燃烧 |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Wh… Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn’t stop giggling? And our coconuts ke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#premiere\|premiere]] | /pri'miә/ | v. 初次公演, 首次露面 | n. the first public performance of a play or movie | 2 | 6 | 2 | *An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn’t wear this in Batman! He * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newport\|newport]] |  | n. 新港；纽波特（美国罗得岛之避暑胜地） | n. a port city in southeastern Wales | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi. Could I have a pack of Newport Lights, please?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newsstand\|newsstand]] | /'nju:zstænd/ | n. 报摊, 报刊出售处 | n. a stall where newspapers and other periodicals are sold | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh umm, uh we don’t sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warburton\|warburton]] |  | n. (Warburton)人名；(英)沃伯顿 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don’t think I have the energy for this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divisional\|divisional]] | /di'viʒәnәl/ | a. 部门的, 部分的, 分开的 | a. of or relating to a military division | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I will not! I’m the divisional head of men’s sportswear!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sportswear\|sportswear]] | /'spɒ:tswєә/ | n. 运动装, 休闲服 | n. attire worn for sport or for casual wear | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I will not! I’m the divisional head of men’s sportswear!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manhattan\|manhattan]] | /mæn'hætәn/ | n. 曼哈顿 | n. one of the five boroughs of New York City | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh wow. Why don’t we just take me  and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute barte* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bartender\|bartender]] | /'bɑ:.tendә/ | n. 酒保, 酒吧侍者 | n. an employee who mixes and serves alcoholic drinks at a bar | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh wow. Why don’t we just take me  and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute barte* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rearrange\|rearrange]] | /.ri:ә'reindʒ/ | vt. 再排列, 重新整理 | v. put into a new order or arrangement | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hookin\|hookin]] |  | na. 钩进；钩住 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, thanks a lot for hookin’ me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attend\|attend]] | /ә'tend/ | vt. 参加, 照料, 伴随 | v. be present at (meetings, church services, university), etc. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, thanks a lot for hookin’ me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrity]] | /si'lebrti/ | n. 名声, 名人 | n. a widely known person | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they’re done with them the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carpet\|carpet]] | /'kɑ:pit/ | n. 地毯, 地毯状物 | n. a natural object that resembles or suggests a carpet | 1 | 8 | 7 | *You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]] | /'fæbjulәs/ | a. 传说的, 寓言般的, 难以置信的 | s. extremely pleasing | 1 | 6 | 5 | *You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brokaw\|brokaw]] |  | 布罗考（美国地名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Umm, well let’s see uh, this one is Tom Brokaw.* |
| neil |  | n. 尼尔（男子名） |  | 1 | 6 | 4 | *This one is uh Paul O’Neil.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yankee\|yankee]] | /'jæŋki/ | n. (美国的)新英格兰人, (美国)北方诸州的人, 美国佬 | n. an American who lives in the North (especially during the American Civil War) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background.  Ooh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]] | /'wepәn/ | n. 武器, 兵器 | n. any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jet\|jet]] | /dʒet/ | n. 喷射流, 喷嘴, 煤玉 | n. an airplane powered by one or more jet engines | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heartbreaker\|heartbreaker]] | /'ha:tbreɪkə/ | n. 令人伤悲的人[事物] | n. a charming person who is irresponsible in emotional relationships | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#majesty\|majesty]] | /'mædʒәsti/ | n. 最高权威, 威严, 王权, 雄伟, 庄严 | n impressiveness in scale or proportion | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chess\|chess]] | /tʃes/ | n. 国际象棋 | n. weedy annual native to Europe but widely distributed as a weed especially in  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *I like our way. Oh!  Chess!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|rob]] | /rɒb/ | v. 抢夺, 抢掠, 剥夺 | v. take something away by force or without the consent of the owner | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Multi-colored robes! Ooh, and maybe a hat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lewd\|lewd]] | /lu:d/ | a. 淫荡的 | s. suggestive of or tending to moral looseness | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey’s lewd version?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spritzer\|spritzer]] | /ˈsprɪtsə(r)/ | n. 汽水, 汽酒 | n. a mixed drink made of wine mixed with a sparkling water | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peck\|peck]] | /pek/ | n. 配克(英美干量单位), 啄痕, 啄食, 许多 | n. a British imperial capacity measure (liquid or dry) equal to 2 gallons | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freakish\|freakish]] | /'fri:kiʃ/ | a. 朝三暮四的, 见异思迁的, 畸形的 | s. characteristic of a freak | 1 | 3 | 3 | *A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hanger\|hanger]] | /'hæŋә/ | n. 挂钩, 吊架, 衣架, 挂衣钩 | n. a worker who hangs something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expressly\|expressly]] | /ik'spresli/ | adv. 明白地, 清楚地, 特意地 | r. with specific intentions; for the express purpose | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film…that Batman film he was * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]] | /'keitәrә/ | n. 备办食物者, 备办宴席者 | n. someone who provides food and service (as for a party) | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Hey. Oh good-good you’re here! All right, I figured it out. I’m gonna take two tables of eight, I’m * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unwanted\|unwanted]] | /.ʌn'wɒntid/ | a. 没人要的, 不需要的, 多余的 | a. not wanted; not needed | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They…feel a little unwanted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lasagna\|lasagna]] | /lә'zɑ:njә/ | (=lasagne)烤宽面条(上浇肉末番茄汁) | n. baked dish of layers of lasagna pasta with sauce and cheese and meat or veget | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Come on! Look just-just tell—let her know that you really want them to be there. Let’s not forget, t* |
| allan | /'ælәn/ | n. 艾伦（男子名, 等于Alan） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…anyway, his name is Allan and we’ve been going out for three years. He was my first client when I b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theta\|theta]] | /'θeitә/ | n. 希腊字母的第八字 | n. the 8th letter of the Greek alphabet | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…anyway, his name is Allan and we’ve been going out for three years. He was my first client when I b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beta\|beta]] | /'beitә/ | n. 希腊字母表的第二个字母 | n. the 2nd letter of the Greek alphabet | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…anyway, his name is Allan and we’ve been going out for three years. He was my first client when I b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#syracuse\|syracuse]] | /'saiәrәkju:z/ | n. 锡拉库扎（意大利西西里岛东部一港市） | n. a city in central New York | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…anyway, his name is Allan and we’ve been going out for three years. He was my first client when I b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thigh\|thigh]] | /θai/ | n. 大腿, 股 | n. the part of the leg between the hip and the knee | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mega\|mega]] | /'me^ә/ | [计] 兆 | Alt. of Megalo- | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tampon\|tampon]] | /'tæmpɒn/ | n. 塞子, 棉塞, 止血棉塞 | n. plug of cotton or other absorbent material; inserted into wound or body cavit | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regina\|regina]] | /ri'dʒainә/ | n. 女王 | n. the provincial capital of Saskatchewan | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Yeah! Y’know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alcohol\|alcohol]] | /'ælkәhɒl/ | n. 酒精, 酒 | n. a liquor or brew containing alcohol as the active agent | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah! Y’know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poison\|poison]] | /'pɒizn/ | n. 毒药, 毒, 毒物, 有毒害的事物 | n. any substance that causes injury or illness or death of a living organism | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Yeah! Y’know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sarong\|sarong]] | /sә'rɒŋ/ | n. 莎笼(马来人服装), 围裙 | n. a loose skirt consisting of brightly colored fabric wrapped around the body;  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Remember?! We—come on both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] | /bi'ki:ni/ | n. 大爆炸, 比基尼泳装 | n. an atoll in the Marshall Islands; formerly used by the United States as a sit | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Remember?! We—come on both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#identity\|identity]] | /ai'dentiti/ | n. 身份, 相同, 一致, 特性, 恒等式 | n. the distinct personality of an individual regarded as a persisting entity | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] | /'ku:lә/ | n. 冷却器 | n. a refrigerator for cooling liquids | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gadget\|gadget]] | /'gædʒit/ | n. 小配件, 小玩意, 诡计 | n a device or control that is very useful for a particular job | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What are you talking about?! 007 has all those gadgets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#utility\|utility]] | /ju:'tiliti/ | n. 功用, 有用之物, 实用, 公用事业, 实用程序 | n. a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Batman has a utility belt!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belt\|belt]] | /belt/ | n. 带子, 地带 | n. endless loop of flexible material between two rotating shafts or pulleys | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Batman has a utility belt!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#batmobile\|batmobile]] |  | 蝙蝠车 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Batman has the Batmobile!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#robin\|robin]] | /'rɒbin/ | n. 旅鸫 | n. small Old World songbird with a reddish breast | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Batman has Robin!  We get ESPN right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#martini\|martini]] | /mɑ:'ti:ni/ | n. 马提尼（一种鸡尾酒, 等于Martini） | n. a cocktail made of gin (or vodka) with dry vermouth | 1 | 3 | 3 | *How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I’ll make you a nice martini.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#straw\|straw]] | /strɒ:/ | n. 稻草, 麦管, 吸管, 一文不值的东西, 草帽 | n. plant fiber used e.g. for making baskets and hats or as fodder | 1 | 2 | 2 | *How about a Youhoo with a funny straw?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yum\|yum]] | /jʌm/ | int. 极好的；妙的；美味的 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ooh, yum!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#niece\|niece]] | /ni:s/ | n. 侄女, 甥女 | n. a daughter of your brother or sister | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it’s the same day as my niece’s christening and I really want my p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#christen\|christen]] | /'krisәn/ | vt. 为...施洗礼, 命名 | v administer baptism to | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it’s the same day as my niece’s christening and I really want my p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crowd\|crowd]] | /kraud/ | n. 群众, 一伙人 | n. a large number of things or people considered together | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah! Yeah y’know, like warm up the crowd. Ask ‘em where they’re from. ‘Cause in Joey Tribbiani you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#entertainer\|entertainer]] | /.entә'teinә/ | n. 表演娱乐节目的人, 演艺人员 | n. a person who tries to please or amuse | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah! Yeah y’know, like warm up the crowd. Ask ‘em where they’re from. ‘Cause in Joey Tribbiani you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#porch\|porch]] | /pɒ:tʃ/ | n. 门廊, 走廊 | n. a structure attached to the exterior of a building often forming a covered en | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Wh… Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn’t stop giggling? And our coconuts ke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giggle\|giggle]] | /'gigl/ | v. 吃吃地笑, 咯咯地笑 | n. a foolish or nervous laugh | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wh… Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn’t stop giggling? And our coconuts ke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|explode]] | /ik'splәud/ | vi. 爆炸, 爆发, 激增 | v. cause to burst with a violent release of energy | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh, somewhere Joey’s head is exploding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#holy\|holy]] | /'hәuli/ | a. 神圣的, 圣洁的, 至善的 | a. belonging to or derived from or associated with a divine power | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman!  What’s this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfort\|comfort]] | /'kʌmfәt/ | n. 舒适, 安慰, 安慰者 | n. a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman!  What’s this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sight\|sight]] | /sait/ | n. 景观, 视力, 眼界, 阅读, 见解, 意见 | n. an instance of visual perception | 1 | 9 | 9 | *An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn’t wear this in Batman! He * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#superpower\|superpower]] | /.sju:pә'pauә/ | n. 超级强权, 超级大国 | n a state powerful enough to influence events throughout the world | 1 | 2 | 2 | *The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slightly\|slightly]] | /'slaitli/ | adv. 些微地, 苗条地 | r. to a small degree or extent | 1 | 3 | 3 | *The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heighten\|heighten]] | /'haitn/ | vt. 增高, 提高, 加强 | v. become more extreme | 1 | 2 | 2 | *The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alter\|alter]] | /'ɒ:ltә/ | v. 改变 | v. make an alteration to | 1 | 3 | 2 | *All right that’s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#racial\|racial]] | /'reiʃәl/ | a. 人种的, 种族的 | a. of or related to genetically distinguished groups of people | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right that’s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slur\|slur]] | /slә:/ | n. 连音符, 诽谤, 玷污, 印刷模糊 | n. (music) a curved line spanning notes that are to be played legato | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right that’s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna * |
