---
season: 7
episode: "05"
title: "The One With The Engagement Picture"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E05 — The One With The Engagement Picture

*Teleplay by: Patty Lin*

*Story by: Earl Davis*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica and Phoebe are going through a bunch of pictures as Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Monica:** What’s the matter?

**Chandler:** Someone on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licked]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]]! Licked my neck!!

**Phoebe:** Oh Willie’s still [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]!

**Chandler:** What are you guys doing?

**Monica:** Oh, my mom called, they’re gonna run our [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] [[Friends-词汇总表#announcement\|announcement]] in the local paper, so we’re looking for a good picture of us.

**Chandler:** Oooh, I’m afraid that does not [[Friends-词汇总表#exist\|exist]].

**Monica:** That’s not true, there are great pictures of us!

**Chandler:** No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who’s going like this… *(Makes what can only be described as a toothy frown. Henceforth, this shall be known as The Face.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! That’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]] that you’re with at the Statue of Liberty.

**Chandler:** I don’t know what it is, I just can’t take a good picture.

**Monica:** *(looking at one)* Oh, here’s a great one.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I’m not in that.

**Monica:** I know, but look at me all [[Friends-词汇总表#tan\|tan]].

**Phoebe:** Hey, why don’t you guys go, get [[Friends-词汇总表#portrait\|portraits]] done by a professional [[Friends-词汇总表#photographer\|photographer]].

**Monica:** That’s a good idea! I bet they have one of those wind machines! Y’know… *(Does the whole hair blowing in the wind model type poses.)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah that’s great! Next to that, Chandler won’t look so stupid.

**Monica:** Chandler what do you say?

**Chandler:** All right, but I should [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] you, I’m not going. I’m going.

*(Does The Face while saying that last part.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is siting on the couch as Ross and Chandler enter after playing basketball.

**Ross:** *(To Chandler)* Dude, that [[Friends-词汇总表#reverse\|reverse]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]]-up! Oh…

**Chandler:** How about those three [[Friends-词汇总表#pointer\|pointers]]?

**Ross:** Amazing!

**Chandler:** And those guys were this *(Doing the standard "This Close" gesture)* close to lettin’ us play this time too.

*(They both get dejected and go sit down.)*

**Rachel:** Hey look-look, Phoebe’s talking to uh, Cute Coffeehouse Guy.

**Ross:** Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.

**Chandler:** Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.

**Phoebe:** *(returning)* Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!

**Rachel:** Hey, I thought that guy was married.

**Phoebe:** He is! But he’s getting divorced—Ross! Maybe you know him.

**Ross:** It’s not a club.

**Rachel:** Phoebe, if this guy’s going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?

**Ross:** Hey, divorced men are not bad men!

**Chandler:** They have that on the [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkins]] at the club.

**Rachel:** Oh, I gotta get back to work.

**Phoebe:** You don’t have to be back for a half-hour!

**Rachel:** Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]. Ohh! I could just [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] him on a [[Friends-词汇总表#cracker\|cracker]].

**Chandler:** Rach, if you have a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y’know you can’t date him right?

**Rachel:** Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he should call me his work wife.

**Ross:** Soon he’ll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.

**Rachel:** I am not gonna get fired, because I’m not gonna act on it.

**Phoebe:** So you wouldn’t mind if he was dating someone else?

**Rachel:** Why? Is he? He is! Isn’t he? He’s dating that [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]] in marketing!

**Ross:** Maybe I should open a divorced men’s club.

**Chandler:** Dude that is so sad.

**Ross:** I could put uh-uh a basketball court in the back.

**Chandler:** Could I play?


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Outer Office, she’s returning from lunch to see Tag not doing his sit-ups.

**Rachel:** Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?

**Tag:** I just did them.

**Rachel:** Oh, well drop and give me ten more!

**Tag:** What?

**Rachel:** Uh, I-I had a drink with [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]. Did those cost reports come in?

**Tag:** Yeah, I filled them out last night?

**Rachel:** Oh, great could you make me four copies of those?

*(He gets up to make the copies leaving Rachel alone with his stuff. She notices his sweater in his backpack and holds it up to her nose as Melissa, a coworker, walks up.)*

**Melissa:** Hey Rachel!

**Rachel:** *(startled)* Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what’s up? I’m just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to put in my [[Friends-词汇总表#backpack\|backpack]]. Y’know, like [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dried]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#granola\|granola]] and stuff. What’s up? *(She has put on the backpack.)*

**Melissa:** Umm, is Tag here?

**Rachel:** No. Why?

**Melissa:** Oh, I was gonna talk to him about doing something tonight.

**Rachel:** Really?! Got a little [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on Tag there do ya?

**Melissa:** Well, we’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]] back and [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]], but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.

**Rachel:** Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain’t a [[Friends-词汇总表#locker\|locker]] room, okay? But, y’know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.

**Melissa:** Oh no!

**Rachel:** Oh yeah. All right, back to work.

**Melissa:** Hey! Isn’t that Tag’s [[Friends-词汇总表#backpack\|backpack]].

**Rachel:** Yeah Melissa, I don’t want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your [[Friends-词汇总表#supervisor\|supervisor]].

*(Melissa beats a hasty retreat.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Portrait Studio, Chandler and Monica are trying to take their engagement picture. Monica has a beautiful smile, while Chandler isn’t.

**The Photographer:** *(taking pictures)* Great! That’s great Monica! Great! Now, Chandler, you want to give us a smile?

**Chandler:** Okay. *(Does The Face.)*

**The Photographer:** I’m sorry, is the seat uncomfortable?

**Chandler:** No, I am.

**Monica:** Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]].

**Chandler:** I do? *(He smiles, beautifully.)*

**Monica:** Yeah! *(They turn to the camera, and Chandler does The Face again.)* All right, maybe you don’t have to [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]]. Let’s try something else. Let’s try umm, try looking sexy.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(You’ll have to see it, I can’t describe the face he makes, but it isn’t good.)*

**Monica:** Or not.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Office, Joey is knocking on the door holding a hand over a spot on his shirt.

**Rachel:** Hi Joey! What are you doing here?

**Joey:** Uhh, well I’ve got an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] down the street and I [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spilled]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]] all over the front of my shirt. *(Removes his hand to reveal a huge sauce stain.)* You got an extra one?

**Rachel:** Yeah, sure. Umm…here. *(Hands him one.)*

**Joey:** Great. *(He doesn’t like it.)* You got anything that’s not Ralph Lauren?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I don’t think so Joe.

**Joey:** All right, I guess this will be fine.

**Rachel:** Hey, listen umm, what-what are you doing tonight?

**Joey:** Nothing, why?

**Rachel:** How would you feel about taking out my assistant Tag? I’ll pay.

**Joey:** Huh, Rach I got to say it’s gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.

**Rachel:** I’m not asking you to go on a date with him!

**Joey:** Really? ‘Cause I could kinda use the money.

**Rachel:** Joey, just-just he-he’s new in town and I know he doesn’t have any guy friends. Just take him to like a ball game or something. I’ll really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it.

**Joey:** Yeah, okay.

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Joey:** Sure, no problem. *(Sees something.)* Ooh—Hey, [[Friends-词汇总表#donut\|donuts]]!

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Okay. *(He grabs a jelly donut, takes a bite, and guess what he spills all over himself. He tries to clean it up and smears it all over the shirt.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Portrait Studio, Chandler and Monica are still trying to get the picture taken.

**Monica:** I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#gaze\|gaze]] into our future and we’ll think about our [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] and the days to come. *(Chandler is still not getting it.)* Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drowning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#moron\|moron]]!" *(The photographer laughs.)* Hey! Don’t laugh at him! He’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drowning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#moron\|moron]]!

**Chandler:** Aww! *(Smiles.)*

**Monica:** That’s it! Take it! Take it! Take it!

*(Chandler turns to the camera and does The Face.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Monica, and Ross are going over the picture proofs.

**Ross:** I like this one. *(Points to it.)* It seems to say, "I love you and that’s why I have to kill you."

**Monica:** They can’t all be bad. *(To Chandler)* Find the one where you make your [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] eyes. Ohh, there it is.

**Chandler:** Oh my God! Those are my [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?

**Monica:** Do you really want to pull at that thread?

*(Phoebe enters with Hums While He Pees also known as Kyle.)*

**Phoebe:** I’m having a really good time!

**Hums While He Pees:** Me too! I’m sorry that guy in the subway licked your neck.

**Phoebe:** Ohh. No that’s okay, he’s a friend.

**Hums While He Pees:** Hey uh, I don’t mean to be presumptuous but I have these two tickets to the ballroom dancing finals tomorrow night if you want to go?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I… Well y’know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I’d just be lost.

**Hums While He Pees:** I know it’s really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and—Oh no! No! No! My God!

**Phoebe:** Okay, don’t freak out. I’ll go.

**Hums While He Pees:** No it’s… Uh, my ex-wife Whitney is out there. I cannot deal with her right now. That woman is crazy!

**Phoebe:** Okay, I know. Hold on. *(She walks over to the couch.)* Hey Ross?

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, umm that’s Whitney *(Points)*, Kyle’s ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y’know [[Friends-词汇总表#divert\|divert]] her so that we can [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] out?

**Ross:** What?! No!

**Phoebe:** Well okay but I have two [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] to the [[Friends-词汇总表#ballroom\|ballroom]] dance finals. *(She holds up the tickets that Kyle gave her.)*

**Ross:** Look, I don’t think so Pheebs. *(Pause)* All right, I’ll do it. But just because you’re a friend. *(Grabs the tickets and heads to divert Whitney.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is dancing around his living room as Phoebe enters, catching and startling him.

**Phoebe:** Hi Ginger.

**Ross:** All right! I want my key back!

**Phoebe:** I don’t have it!

**Ross:** It’s right there! *(Points to her hand.)*

**Phoebe:** Ugh, okay Sherlock! *(Hands over the key.)*

**Ross:** Look, I’m sorry but you-you-you better go Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** All right, well I just wanted to say thank you though for [[Friends-词汇总表#divert\|diverting]] Kyle’s ex.

**Ross:** Oh yeah—No—You’re welcome. We’ll talk about it later.

**Phoebe:** Okay.

*(Ross opens the door to reveal Whitney standing there.)*

**Ross:** Hi Whitney.

**Whitney:** Hi Ross! You ready for breakfast?

**Ross:** Yep. *(Phoebe slams the door shut.)* Okay.

**Phoebe:** *(To Ross)* Kyle’s ex-wife? You were supposed to [[Friends-词汇总表#divert\|divert]] her not date her!

**Ross:** *(opens the door and to Whitney)* Hi! I’m sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night.

**Whitney:** Sure.

**Ross:** Okay. *(Closes the door.)* *(To Phoebe)* I did [[Friends-词汇总表#divert\|divert]] her and we ended up having a great time! Okay?

**Phoebe:** Watching [[Friends-词汇总表#ballroom\|ballroom]] dancing?

**Ross:** Yes! That’s where we realized we were both super cool people!

**Phoebe:** Well look-look, okay Ross, Kyle just told me some really bad stuff about her.

**Ross:** Like what?

**Phoebe:** Like she’s really mean, and she’s over critical, and-and—No! She will [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] a room a really [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] color without even checking with you!

**Ross:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** And! She uses sex as a [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]]!

**Ross:** Fine! Thank you for [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warning]] me. At breakfast I’ll be on full alert for room [[Friends-词汇总表#painting\|painting]] and sex [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapons]].

**Phoebe:** You’re still gonna go out with her?!

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** Well, didn’t you just hear what I said?!

**Ross:** Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-[[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]]’s gonna say that stuff. Now, if you’ll excuse me…

**Phoebe:** *(interrupting him)* No listen to me! She is crazy!

**Whitney:** *(outside the door)* Uh, your door isn’t sound [[Friends-词汇总表#proof\|proof]].

**Phoebe:** You see? Nothing is good enough for her!


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Office, Tag is arriving as Rachel is standing there.

**Tag:** Good morning.

**Rachel:** Hi Tag! Hey, so did you have fun with uh, with Joey last night?

**Tag:** Oh yeah! We went to the Knicks game.

**Rachel:** Ohh that’s nice.

**Tag:** Then we went to this bar and he [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] us up with all these women!

**Rachel:** Wo-women? You mean like old women?

**Tag:** Well kinda old, like 30.

**Rachel:** *(Pause)* Oh.

**Tag:** And I never used to be able to just talk to girls in bars, but I got like 20 phone numbers last night.

**Rachel:** That’s great! Wow man, so Joey must’ve really [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] you some stuff huh?

**Tag:** A little.

**Rachel:** Yeah?

*(A beautiful women walks up.)*

**Tag:** *(To her, in the Joey voice)* How you doin’?


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is teaching Chandler how to smile. Chandler is smiling.

**Joey:** See? That’s a great [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]]! Easy. Natural. Now, [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] I have a camera. *(Chandler immediately does The Face.)* You’re changing it!

**Chandler:** I can’t help it!

**Joey:** All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]] shots?

**Chandler:** Borrow money from me?

**Joey:** Okay, first—first of all, you want to make it look [[Friends-词汇总表#spontaneous\|spontaneous]]. I look down *(Looks down)*, look down, keep looking down; then I look up. *(Looks up and smiles.)* See? All right, now you try. Look down *(Chandler looks down)*, you’re looking down, keep looking down…

**Chandler:** Why is there [[Friends-词汇总表#jelly\|jelly]] on your [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]]?

**Joey:** I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#donut\|donut]]. *(Chandler nods.)*

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Rachel:** So uh, heard you had some fun with Tag last night.

**Joey:** Yeah! That guy’s all right!

**Rachel:** Yeah and you had fun [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaching]] him how to be all Joey.

**Joey:** What?

**Rachel:** Y’know, all the women.

**Joey:** Hey well, you can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] someone to be good with women. Y’know, that’s why I never had any luck with Chandler.

**Chandler:** *(Pause)* I’m right here!

**Rachel:** All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it’s just—And I know he’s my assistant and I can’t date him—but it just [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothers]] me, all right?!

**Joey:** Hey! No-no-no-no, you can’t take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!

**Chandler:** I’m still right here!

**Rachel:** All right, will you, will you at least tell him how [[Friends-词汇总表#hollow\|hollow]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#unsatisfying\|unsatisfying]] this, dating [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|tons]] of women thing is!

**Joey:** *(shocked)* What?!

**Rachel:** I just don’t want him to meet anybody until I am over my [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]]—And I will get over it. It’s-it’s not like I love him, it’s just physical! But—I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!

**Joey:** I know, Monica told me.

**Chandler:** Did you have a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on me, when you first met me?

**Rachel:** Yeah. Sure. *(Joey nods his head questioningly and Rachel nods no.)*

**Chandler:** Can you people not see me?! *(He waves his arms around to get their attention.)*

**Rachel:** *(To Joey)* So, will you talk to him?

**Joey:** I don’t know Rach.

**Rachel:** Oh, come on! I’ll give you ten free Ralph Lauren shirts.

**Joey:** One! *(Pause.)* No ten! You said ten! You can’t take that back!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is there as Tag enters carrying a bag.

**Tag:** Hey Joey, you wanted to talk to me?

**Joey:** I don’t know. You uh, you got something for me?

**Tag:** Oh, yeah, this is from Rachel.

*(He hands Joey the bag and he quickly counts its contents.)*

**Joey:** Ten. Okay. Now Tag there’s such a thing as to many women.

**Tag:** Really?

**Joey:** Yeah, for you!


> [!scene] Scene: The Portrait Studio, Monica is waiting for Chandler to make another attempt at taking a good picture.

**Monica:** *(seeing him approach)* Hey! There you are!

**Chandler:** There I am!

**Monica:** Are you okay?

**Chandler:** Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an [[Friends-词汇总表#antihistamine\|antihistamine]].

**Monica:** What?!

**Chandler:** Yeah, and then I [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!

**Monica:** Chandler, what were you thinking?

**Chandler:** I don’t know, but don’t worry, don’t worry, because I know how to take a picture now. *(They get ready)* Okay, see? Look down *(Looks down)*, look down, look down… *(He falls asleep.)*

**Monica:** Chandler?

**Chandler:** *(awakens)* Yeah! *(Looks up and does The Face.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Phoebe are there.

**Phoebe:** Hi.

**Ross:** Hi.

**Phoebe:** So, how are things going with crazy? Has she [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooked]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]] yet?

**Ross:** Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay—and F.Y.I she must’ve shown Kyle over 30 [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don’t give a [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]]’s ass."

**Phoebe:** Yeah well, maybe she should’ve spent a little less time [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorating]] and a little more time in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]].

**Ross:** Well, I don’t think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that’s just because I am not [[Friends-词汇总表#emotionally\|emotionally]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unavailable\|unavailable]]!

**Phoebe:** You think he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#emotionally\|emotionally]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unavailable\|unavailable]]?

**Ross:** I think he can be.

**Phoebe:** Well, maybe he wouldn’t be she didn’t bring the office home every night!

**Ross:** Well, excuse her for knowing what she wants to do with her life!

**Phoebe:** Yeah well, she [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] knew what she was doing New Year’s Eve 1997.

**Ross:** *(angrily)* I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologized]] and she apologized! What more do you want?!!

**Phoebe:** *(gets up and starts to leave)* We want the last six years back!!

**Ross:** So do we!! So do we!! *(Ross notices a couple has been staring at them.)* I’m sorry you had to see that.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Office, Tag is entering.

**Tag:** Good morning Rachel.

**Rachel:** Hi! *(He hands her, her mail)* Thanks, hey so uh what’d you do last night?

**Tag:** Went out with Joey.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah? Another night of birdogging the [[Friends-词汇总表#chickas\|chickas]]?

**Tag:** No. We had a really good talk. I don’t think I’m gonna do that bar scene anymore.

**Rachel:** Wow! I did not see that coming.

**Tag:** It’s just not really who I am. Y'know, I’ve always been [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] when…Why am I telling you this? You don’t care about this stuff.

**Rachel:** Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] when uh, y’know?

**Tag:** When I’m in a relationship, I love having a girlfriend.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Tag:** Someone I can [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]], y’know?

**Rachel:** Sp-[[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]]?

**Tag:** Uh-huh! Let me ask you something?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh.

**Tag:** Do you believe that there is one perfect person for everyone?

**Rachel:** Well, I-I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#startin\|startin]]’ too.

**Tag:** And if that person is already in your life, you should do something about it right?

**Rachel:** Yes! Hell yes!

**Tag:** All right then, it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settled]].

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Tag:** I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]]’ back together with my ex-girlfriend.

**Rachel:** I’d love to!

**Tag:** What?

**Rachel:** *(panics, turns around, picks up the phone, and pretend to talk on it)* Hello?! *(Listens)* Oh, yeah! *(To Tag)* This is gonna be a while. Excuse me. *(Tag leaves and she closes the door behind him, disgustedly.)* Yeah!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Phoebe are there again, only now they’re not talking to each other. Phoebe is loudly stirring her coffee.

**Ross:** My God!

**Phoebe:** Oh, I’m sorry. Is that [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]]? And speaking about being [[Friends-词汇总表#selfish\|selfish]] in bed, how’s Whitney?

**Ross:** Well maybe she wouldn’t have to be [[Friends-词汇总表#selfish\|selfish]] in bed if someone else knew where everything was!

**Phoebe:** Oh he knows! *(Quietly)* For the most part.

*(Kyle and Whitney enter.)*

**Kyle:** Oh hey! Good, you’re both here.

**Whitney:** We kinda need to talk.

**Phoebe:** Both of you together?

**Ross:** Wh-what’s up?

**Whitney:** Well, I went over to Kyle’s last night to pick up a few things and we got to reminiscing…

**Kyle:** …we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] at each other was because there are still [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] there. So…

*(Pause)*

**Ross:** Oh just say it Kyle!

**Kyle:** We’re gonna give it another try.

**Phoebe:** What about her [[Friends-词汇总表#whine\|whining]] and her [[Friends-词汇总表#constant\|constant]] need for attention?!

**Whitney:** I’m gonna work on that.

**Phoebe:** Oh right, because you’re so [[Friends-词汇总表#capable\|capable]] of change.

**Ross:** *(To Whitney)* Y’know, he [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hums]] when he [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pees]]!

**Whitney:** I do know.

**Ross:** It makes him miss the [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]], but whatever.

**Whitney:** We’re so sorry. *(They get up to leave.)*

**Ross:** That’s all right, we-we don’t need you. In fact, hey I’m over it already.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, and y’know what? I don’t give a [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]]’s ass.

**Kyle:** Yeah, we’re gonna go. *(They leave.)*

**Ross:** *(To Phoebe)* I’m sorry. Ugh, Pheebs, you were, you were right about her. Y’know, she did try to use sex as a [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]]! Yeah, I hurt my back a little.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Y’know, he [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hums]] while he does other stuff to.

**Ross:** Yeah, were better off without them.

**Phoebe:** And y’know, even if they break up again, you’d better not let him in your sad men’s club!

**Ross:** Divorced men’s club.

**Phoebe:** Potato, Potaato. *(She’s pronounces potato with the both the short and long As.)* Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe, Chandler, and Joey are there as Monica enters with the local paper that has the engagement picture in it.

**Monica:** Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!

**Phoebe:** Ooh, let’s see it!

**Chandler:** Ahhh.

**Monica:** Okay. *(She opens it up and shows it to them.)*

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, that looks good.

**Phoebe:** You guys make a very [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] couple. *(The camera cuts to a shot of the picture and we see that Monica is posing with Joey instead of Chandler.)*

**Joey:** Yeah, we look great together.

**Monica:** Yeah, we really do!

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!

**Joey:** Y’know, we don’t have to [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]].

**Chandler:** I’m marrying her.

**Joey:** We’ll just see.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（40）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 4 | 84 | 53 | *He is! But he’s getting divorced—Ross! Maybe you know him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 3 | 224 | 126 | *Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-husband’s gonna say that stuff. Now, i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *Oh, my mom called, they’re gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we’re lookin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Hey look-look, Phoebe’s talking to uh, Cute Coffeehouse Guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *Hey, I thought that guy was married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 2 | 115 | 97 | *Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he sho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Dude that is so sad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 2 | 88 | 74 | *Yes! That’s where we realized we were both super cool people!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *No listen to me! She is crazy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *I just don’t want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush—And I will get over it. It’s-it’s not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *I don’t know, but don’t worry, don’t worry, because I know how to take a picture now.  Okay, see? Lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Oooh, I’m afraid that does not exist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *That’s a good idea! I bet they have one of those wind machines! Y’know…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Yeah that’s great! Next to that, Chandler won’t look so stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Amazing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he sho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Soon he’ll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Uh, I-I had a drink with lunch. Did those cost reports come in?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Well, we’ve been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *Yeah Melissa, I don’t want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your supervisor.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, well I’ve got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *All right, I guess this will be fine.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll thi* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *I like this one.  It seems to say, "I love you and that’s why I have to kill you."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Do you really want to pull at that thread?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Okay, don’t freak out. I’ll go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *How you doin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Hey well, you can’t teach someone to be good with women. Y’know, that’s why I never had any luck wit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She apologized and she apolo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *No. We had a really good talk. I don’t think I’m gonna do that bar scene anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *When I’m in a relationship, I love having a girlfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Oh, I’m sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how’s Whitney?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *It makes him miss the bowl, but whatever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *I’m sorry. Ugh, Pheebs, you were, you were right about her. Y’know, she did try to use sex as a weap* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 5 | 49 | 33 | *Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y’know you can’t date him righ* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 3 | 53 | 42 | *Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 3 | 42 | 36 | *Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 3 | 64 | 45 | *They can’t all be bad.  Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] | /'sʌbwei/ | n. 地铁, 地道 | n an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a ci | 2 | 26 | 16 | *Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] | /lik/ | n. 舔, 少许, 打 | n. touching with the tongue | 2 | 15 | 11 | *Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] | /nek/ | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈 | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 2 | 21 | 17 | *Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coffeehouse\|coffeehouse]] |  | n. 咖啡馆 | n a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold | 2 | 17 | 11 | *Hey look-look, Phoebe’s talking to uh, Cute Coffeehouse Guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 2 | 92 | 47 | *Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on * |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 2 | 59 | 18 | *Great.  You got anything that’s not Ralph Lauren?* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 2 | 49 | 20 | *Great.  You got anything that’s not Ralph Lauren?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] | /peint/ | n. 油漆, 颜料, 绘画作品, 涂漆 | n. a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a  | 2 | 17 | 15 | *Like she’s really mean, and she’s over critical, and-and—No! She will paint a room a really bright c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 2 | 45 | 36 | *Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay—and F.Y.I she must’ve shown Kyle over 30 paint s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 2 | 40 | 29 | *I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She apologized and she apolo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#selfish\|selfish]] | /'selfiʃ/ | a. 自私的, 利己主义的, 自我中心的 | a. concerned chiefly or only with yourself and your advantage to the exclusion o | 2 | 16 | 10 | *Oh, I’m sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how’s Whitney?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 2 | 58 | 40 | *Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Oh Willie’s still alive!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] | /in'geidʒdmәnt/ | n. 诺言, 约会, 婚约, 交战 | n. employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited perio | 1 | 26 | 13 | *Oh, my mom called, they’re gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we’re lookin* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh, I’m afraid that does not exist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] | /wɒ:n/ | vt. 警告, 提醒, 通知 | v. notify of danger, potential harm, or risk | 1 | 15 | 14 | *All right, but I should warn you, I’m not going. I’m going.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] | /spred/ | n. 传播, 散布, 伸展 | n. process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what’s up? I’m just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 1 | 23 | 14 | *Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what’s up? I’m just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] | /flә:t/ | n. 卖弄风骚的人, 急动, 急扔 | n. playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest | 1 | 32 | 13 | *Well, we’ve been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | adv. 往前, 以后, 向外 | n. a river in southern Scotland that flows eastward to the Firth of Forth | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Well, we’ve been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 1 | 87 | 38 | *Uhh, well I’ve got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sauce\|sauce]] | /sɒ:s/ | n. 酱油, 调味汁, 酱 | n. flavorful relish or dressing or topping served as an accompaniment to food | 1 | 17 | 12 | *Uhh, well I’ve got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Joey, just-just he-he’s new in town and I know he doesn’t have any guy friends. Just take him to lik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll thi* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] | /slip/ | n. 滑, 滑行, 事故, 溜, 差错, 滑台, 下降, 插条, 后裔, 板条, 瘦长的年轻人 | n. a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed in speech or writing or in small | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Yeah, umm that’s Whitney , Kyle’s ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y’know divert her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] | /brait/ | a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的 | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Like she’s really mean, and she’s over critical, and-and—No! She will paint a room a really bright c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 1 | 38 | 14 | *Oh yeah! We went to the Knicks game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 1 | 33 | 26 | *Then we went to this bar and he hooked us up with all these women!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *That’s great! Wow man, so Joey must’ve really taught you some stuff huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *See? That’s a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now, pretend I have a camera.  You’re changing it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]] | /ri'zju:m/ | vt. 重新开始, 取回, 恢复 | v. take up or begin anew | 1 | 12 | 10 | *All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Borrow money from me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]] | /ʃu:/ | n. 鞋, 靴, 外胎 | n. footwear shaped to fit the foot (below the ankle) with a flexible upper of le | 1 | 31 | 14 | *Why is there jelly on your shoe?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] | /tʌn/ | n. 吨 | n a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds | 1 | 18 | 17 | *All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of wom* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year’s Eve 1997.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]] | /spɒil/ | n. 战利品, 赃物, 奖品, 变质, 次品 | n. (usually plural) valuables taken by violence (especially in war) | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Someone I can spoil, y’know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] | /'setl/ | n. 有背长椅 | n. a long wooden bench with a back | 1 | 26 | 23 | *All right then, it’s settled.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *I’m gettin’ back together with my ex-girlfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Oh, I’m sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how’s Whitney?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *…we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so angry at each other * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *…we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so angry at each other * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 1 | 24 | 21 | *It makes him miss the bowl, but whatever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 26 | 15 | *Potato, Potaato.  Ending Credits* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Ahhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 1 | 22 | 20 | *You guys make a very attractive couple.* |

### 低频词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| kyle | /kail/ | n. （苏）狭海峡, 海峡 |  | 7 | 8 | 2 | *Yeah, umm that’s Whitney , Kyle’s ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y’know divert her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]] | /hʌm/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 哼声, 杂声 | n. a humming noise | 4 | 17 | 7 | *Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whitney\|whitney]] | /'(h)witni/ | n. 惠特尼（女子名）；惠特尼山（位于美国加利福尼亚州东部） | n. United States inventor of the mechanical cotton gin (1765-1825) | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Yeah, umm that’s Whitney , Kyle’s ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y’know divert her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divert\|divert]] | /dai'vә:t/ | vt. 转移, 使欢娱 | v. send on a course or in a direction different from the planned or intended one | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, umm that’s Whitney , Kyle’s ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y’know divert her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backpack\|backpack]] | /'bækpæk/ | n. 远足用的背包；双肩背包, 背包 | n. a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder | 2 | 10 | 4 | *Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what’s up? I’m just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drown]] | /draun/ | vi. 淹死 | v. get rid of as if by submerging | 2 | 7 | 5 | *I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moron\|moron]] | /'mɒ:rɒn/ | n. 低能者, 笨人 | n. a city in Argentina, to the west of Buenos Aires | 2 | 5 | 4 | *I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ballroom\|ballroom]] | /'bɒ:lrum/ | n. 舞厅, 跳舞场 | n. large room used mainly for dancing | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]] | /'wepәn/ | n. 武器, 兵器 | n. any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting | 2 | 10 | 8 | *And! She uses sex as a weapon!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brooklyn\|brooklyn]] | /'bruklin/ | n. 布鲁克林区(纽约行政区) | n. a borough of New York City | 2 | 13 | 6 | *Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] | /ræt/ | n. 鼠, 卑鄙的人, 破坏者, 变节者 | n. any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse | 2 | 20 | 9 | *Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay—and F.Y.I she must’ve shown Kyle over 30 paint s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotionally\|emotionally]] | /i'mәuʃәnәli/ | adv. 在情绪上 | r. in an emotional manner | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Well, I don’t think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that’s just because I am not emotional* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unavailable\|unavailable]] | /.ʌnә'veilәbl/ | a. 得不到的, 不能利用的, 无用的 | a. not available or accessible or at hand | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Well, I don’t think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that’s just because I am not emotional* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] |  | a. 更快乐的, 更幸福的 | a enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure | 2 | 10 | 9 | *It’s just not really who I am. Y'know, I’ve always been happier when…Why am I telling you this? You * |
| willie | /'wili/ | n. 威利（男子名, William的昵称） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh Willie’s still alive!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#announcement\|announcement]] | /ә'naunsmәnt/ | n. 公告, 发表, 告知 | n. a formal public statement | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Oh, my mom called, they’re gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we’re lookin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exist\|exist]] | /ig'zist/ | vi. 存在, 生存, 发生 | v. have an existence, be extant | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Oooh, I’m afraid that does not exist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]] | /kri:p/ | n. 爬, 徐行, 蠕动 | n. someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Oh my God! That’s the creep that you’re with at the Statue of Liberty.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#statue\|statue]] | /'stætju/ | vt. 以雕像装饰 | n. a sculpture representing a human or animal | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh my God! That’s the creep that you’re with at the Statue of Liberty.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liberty\|liberty]] | /'libәli/ | n. 自由, 特权, 许可, 冒失 | n. freedom of choice | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh my God! That’s the creep that you’re with at the Statue of Liberty.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tan\|tan]] | /tæn/ | n. 黄褐色, 鞣料, 马戏团 | n. a browning of the skin resulting from exposure to the rays of the sun | 1 | 10 | 7 | *I know, but look at me all tan.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#portrait\|portrait]] | /'pɒ:treit/ | n. 肖像, 人像, 半身像, 描写, 竖排格式 | n. any likeness of a person, in any medium | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, why don’t you guys go, get portraits done by a professional photographer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#photographer\|photographer]] | /fә'tɔ^rәfә/ | n. 摄影师, 摄影者 | n. someone who takes photographs professionally | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey, why don’t you guys go, get portraits done by a professional photographer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reverse\|reverse]] | /ri'vә:s/ | n. 相反, 背面, 倒退, 挫折, 失败 | n. a relation of direct opposition | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Dude, that reverse lay-up! Oh…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pointer\|pointer]] | /'pɒintә/ | n. 指示物, 教鞭, 暗示, 指针 | n. an indicator as on a dial | 1 | 4 | 3 | *How about those three pointers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#linger\|linger]] | /'liŋgә/ | vi. 逗留, 消磨, 徘徊 | v. remain present although waning or gradually dying | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#napkin\|napkin]] | /'næpkin/ | n. 餐巾, 餐巾纸, 尿布 | n. a small piece of table linen that is used to wipe the mouth and to cover the  | 1 | 12 | 9 | *They have that on the napkins at the club.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cracker\|cracker]] | /'krækә/ | n. 饼干, 爆竹 | n. a thin crisp wafer made of flour and water with or without leavening and shor | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]] | /slʌt/ | n. 懒妇, 荡妇 | n a dirty untidy woman | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Why? Is he? He is! Isn’t he? He’s dating that slut in marketing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#granola\|granola]] | /ɡrә'nәulә/ | n. （早餐营养食品）格兰诺拉燕麦卷 | n. cereal made of especially rolled oats with dried fruits and nuts and honey or | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what’s up? I’m just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#locker\|locker]] | /'lɒkә/ | n. 抽屉, 小柜, 上锁人 | n. a fastener that locks or closes | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain’t a locker room, okay? But, y’know I remember him sayin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supervisor\|supervisor]] | /.sju:pә'vaizә/ | n. 管理者, 监督者, 指导者, 视导员 | n. one who supervises or has charge and direction of | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah Melissa, I don’t want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your supervisor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spill\|spill]] | /spil/ | n. 溢出, 溅出, 摔下, 溢出量, 木片, 小塞子 | n. liquid that is spilled | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Uhh, well I’ve got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donut\|donut]] | /'dәu,nʌt/ | [医] 电子回旋加速器环状真空室, 同步加速器环状真空室 | n a small ring-shaped friedcake | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Sure, no problem.  Ooh—Hey, donuts!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gaze\|gaze]] | /geiz/ | n. 注视, 凝视 | n. a long fixed look | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know. Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment. Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ginger\|ginger]] | /'dʒindʒә/ | n. 姜, 精力, 姜黄色 | n. perennial plants having thick branching aromatic rhizomes and leafy reedlike  | 1 | 11 | 3 | *Hi Ginger.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sherlock\|sherlock]] | /'ʃә:lɔk/ | [法] 私家侦探 | n someone who can be employed as a detective to collect information | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ugh, okay Sherlock!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proof\|proof]] | /pru:f/ | n. 证据, 证明, 试验, 检验, 考验 | n. any factual evidence that helps to establish the truth of something | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Uh, your door isn’t sound proof.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spontaneous\|spontaneous]] | /spɒn'teiniәs/ | a. 自然的, 自发的, 未经琢磨的 | a. happening or arising without apparent external cause | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, first—first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down , look down, keep lookin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jelly\|jelly]] | /'dʒeli/ | n. 果冻, 果冻甜食, 胶状物 | n. a preserve made of the jelled juice of fruit | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Why is there jelly on your shoe?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hollow\|hollow]] | /'hɒlәu/ | n. 洞, 窟窿, 山谷 | n. a cavity or space in something | 1 | 5 | 4 | *All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of wom* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unsatisfying\|unsatisfying]] |  | a. 无法令人满足的 | s not up to expectations | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of wom* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#antihistamine\|antihistamine]] | /.ænti'histәmi:n/ | n. 抗组胺药 | n. a medicine used to treat allergies and hypersensitive reactions and colds; wo | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]] | /'ræbit/ | n. 兔子 | n. any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and | 1 | 13 | 8 | *So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decorate\|decorate]] | /'dekәreit/ | v. 装饰 | v. make more attractive by adding ornament, colour, etc. | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Yeah well, maybe she should’ve spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eve\|eve]] | /i:v/ | n. 前夕, 前夜 | n. (Old Testament) Adam's wife in Judeo-Christian mythology: the first woman and | 1 | 17 | 6 | *Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year’s Eve 1997.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chickas\|chickas]] |  |  | a sexy latin female. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh yeah? Another night of birdogging the chickas?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#startin\|startin]] |  | 斯塔汀（人名） |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well, I-I’m startin’ too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whine\|whine]] | /hwain/ | n. 哀叫声, 嘎嘎声, 哀鸣 | v. move with a whining sound | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What about her whining and her constant need for attention?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constant\|constant]] | /'kɒnstәnt/ | n. 常数, 恒量 | n. a quantity that does not vary | 1 | 6 | 6 | *What about her whining and her constant need for attention?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#capable\|capable]] | /'keipәbl/ | a. 有能力的, 能的, 能干的 | a. (usually followed by `of') having capacity or ability | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh right, because you’re so capable of change.* |
