---
season: 7
episode: "19"
title: "The One With Ross and Monica&#146;s Cousin"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E19 — The One With Ross and Monica&#146;s Cousin

*Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Phoebe are on the couch as Joey enters.

**Phoebe:** *(To Joey)* Oh hey! How was your [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]?

**Joey:** I’m sorry, do I know you?

**Phoebe:** What are you doing?

**Joey:** Nothing, I’m just practicing blowing you off because I’m gonna be a big movie star!

**Phoebe:** Oh! You got it?!

**Joey:** Well, no not yet. But the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] went really good.

**Monica:** What was it for?

**Joey:** Oh, it’s this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It’s really [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]]! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.

**Phoebe:** The next, next?

**Joey:** Yeah, there’s this guy from Chicago who’s supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy’s right after him. *(Joey’s cell phone rings and he answers it.)* Hello!

**Estelle:** Joey! It’s Estelle! I just talked to the casting people; they loved you!

**Joey:** *(to Monica and Phoebe)* They loved me!

**Estelle:** Yeah, they wanna see you again tomorrow.

**Joey:** *(on phone)* Oh my God!

**Estelle:** There’s just one thing. Do you have a problem with full [[Friends-词汇总表#frontal\|frontal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nudity\|nudity]]?

**Joey:** Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! *(Listens)* Oh.

*(Listens) Uh, okay uh let me call you back. (Hangs up.)*

**Phoebe:** What’s the matter?

**Joey:** They want me to be totally naked in the movie!

**Monica:** Wow!

**Joey:** I know! My [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]’s gonna see this!

**Phoebe:** Grandma’s gonna have to get in line.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, (although its really just Monica’s now with Matthew Perry in rehab) Monica is folding her laundry with Ross reading the paper and Phoebe standing in the kitchen.

**Phoebe:** Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]?

**Monica:** Yeah. But a part of me also can’t wait ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] it’s over. Chandler and I have this [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]] not to have sex again until the wedding.

**Ross:** A no sex [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]] huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.

**Monica:** Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand?

**Phoebe:** Sure.

**Monica:** I gotta make up the guest [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]. *(To Ross)* Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.

**Ross:** Cassie?

**Monica:** Uh-hmm.

**Ross:** Wow, I haven’t seen her for like [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] she goes.

**Monica:** Ross, she’s 25 years old.

**Ross:** So what! I still have—No you’re probably right.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey Pheebs, can I talk to you over here for a second?

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Monica:** Subtle guys!

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Monica:** I know you’re planning my surprise [[Friends-词汇总表#bridal\|bridal]] shower.

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* Well okay—Well don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] it! Just play along at least!

**Monica:** Okay. Sorry. *(She goes into the guest bedroom.)*

**Rachel:** *(To Phoebe)* Oh my God! We have to throw her a shower?!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Joey is entering.

**Monica:** Hey! What did you [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] to do about the movie?

**Joey:** I don’t know! It’s not like it’s porn! This is a serious, [[Friends-词汇总表#legitimate\|legitimate]] movie. Y’know? And the [[Friends-词汇总表#nudity\|nudity]] is really important to the story.

**Monica:** That’s what you say about porn.

**Joey:** You’re right. Maybe I shouldn’t even go on the call back.

**Monica:** No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!

**Joey:** Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s [[Friends-词汇总表#catholic\|catholic]] and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big [[Friends-词汇总表#rainstorm\|rainstorm]]. So we go into this [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#undress\|undress]] each other and hold each other. It’s really sweet and-and [[Friends-词汇总表#tender\|tender]].

**Monica:** Plus, everyone’s gonna see your thing. *(Giggles.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment, Phoebe and Rachel are trying to plan Monica’s shower.

**Phoebe:** Well when can we have this shower?

**Rachel:** She has got so much going on we-we have only two options. We have Friday…

**Phoebe:** Well that’s only two days away. What is the other option?

**Rachel:** Yesterday!

**Phoebe:** Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We’re done!

**Rachel:** Oh my God Phoebe, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]]! We can’t do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! There’s just too much to do! It’s impossible! We can’t do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do it!

**Phoebe:** Rachel, [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down!

**Rachel:** *(calmly)* Okay. I’m sorry. You’re right, you’re right.

**Phoebe:** *(grabs and shakes Rachel)* Just [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down woman!

**Rachel:** Phoebe, I already, I already did.

**Phoebe:** Oh okay. All right, then I need to [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down a little.

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay. *(They sit down.)* I think we can do this if we just get [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organized]]. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?

**Phoebe:** Uh, here. What time?

**Rachel:** 4 o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]. Food?

**Phoebe:** Finger [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwiches]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]].

**Rachel:** Ooh great! Very Monica.

**Phoebe:** And [[Friends-词汇总表#chili\|chili]]!

**Rachel:** Ah you went one too far. Uh, flowers or [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloons]]?

**Phoebe:** Both!

**Rachel:** We’re paying for this y’know.

**Phoebe:** Neither.

**Rachel:** Okay. Umm, what should we do for the theme?

**Phoebe:** Lusts of the [[Friends-词汇总表#flesh\|flesh]].

**Rachel:** *(pause)* What?

**Phoebe:** I don’t know. *(Timidly)* A [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]] theme?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is on the couch writing when Chandler enters to make his brief cameo.

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Y’know I’m-I’m really glad we [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] not to sleep together before the wedding.

**Monica:** Oh boy me too!

**Chandler:** Y’know I was thinking if we had a…a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours…

**Monica:** Yeah?

**Chandler:** Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, [[Friends-词汇总表#bossy\|bossy]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#domineer\|domineering]]?!

**Monica:** The wedding is off, [[Friends-词汇总表#sloppy\|sloppy]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#immature\|immature]]!

**Chandler:** That’s me! Come on!

**Monica:** Okay. *(They both jump up to head for there room, but Monica stops.)* But wait, we can’t. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we’re supposed to have [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Chandler:** Well get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of her, [[Friends-词汇总表#obsessive\|obsessive]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#shrill\|shrill]].

**Monica:** Shrill?! The wedding is back on!

*(Cassie enters from the guest room, with her hair up. The extremely beautiful and sexy Denise Richards is playing Cassie. Woo hoo! For those of you who don’t know who she is, rent Wild Things and she was also the last Bond girl in The World Is Not Enough.)*

**Cassie:** I thought I heard voices. You must be Chandler.

**Chandler:** *(transfixed)* Hi! Nice to meet you!

**Cassie:** Nice to meet you too.

**Monica:** So, are you ready to go?

**Cassie:** Yeah.

*(She lets her hair down and whips her hair around in Baywatch-esque slow motion with a Barry White song in the background. Chandler needless to say can’t help but stare along with the rest of the male and lesbian population of North America.)*

**Monica:** *(catching him)* Chandler!

**Chandler:** I’ll be right with you.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is there as Chandler and Monica enters.

**Monica:** *(To Ross)* Cassie needs to stay at your place.

**Ross:** What—why?

**Monica:** Because Purvry Perverson over here can’t stop staring at her.

**Ross:** What?! Chandler she’s our [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]]!

**Chandler:** I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening [[Friends-词汇总表#intently\|intently]]. It’s called being a good [[Friends-词汇总表#conversationalist\|conversationalist]]. Watch. *(Stares at Monica’s eyes.)* Say something.

**Monica:** You were staring about eight inches south of there.

**Ross:** Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.

**Monica:** She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.

**Chandler:** Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?

**Monica:** Wafer [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] ice!


> [!scene] Scene: A Casting Director’s Office, Joey is entering for his callback.

**Joey:** Hey, I’m back!

**The Casting Director:** Hi-hi Joey.

**Joey:** Uh so, will-will I be reading the same scene again?

**The Casting Director:** Actually, I tried to call to you. You didn’t need to come down here today.

**Joey:** Oh great! Y’know I would’ve been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y’know, thanks for making a bad decision and [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruining]] your movie! Good day!

*(Starts to leave.)*

**The Casting Director:** Wait Joey! You didn’t need to come down because the director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.

**Joey:** And scene! Huh? Wasn’t that fun? We did a little [[Friends-词汇总表#improv\|improv]] there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?

**The Casting Director:** Well, the director thinks you’re really right for the part and wants to meet you tomorrow.

**Joey:** Wow! Sure! That’s great!

**The Casting Director:** Oh and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.

**Joey:** Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it’s handled [[Friends-词汇总表#tastefully\|tastefully]] and that [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] is not too cold.

**The Casting Director:** Terrific! Well uh, there’s one more thing. Uhh, uh it’s really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she’s never seen a naked man who wasn’t Jewish. So… *(Laughs.)*

**Joey:** So…What?

**The Casting Director:** So uh well the director is insisting that whoever play that part be authentically, anatomically not Jewish. Do you know what I’m saying?

**Joey:** Yes!

**The Casting Director:** Okay.

**Joey:** No. What?

**The Casting Director:** An Italian Catholic immigrant at this time would not be…

**Joey:** Barmifsaed?

*(The casting director shakes her head.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Joey is telling Monica what the casting director was trying to get too.

**Monica:** So to get this part you can’t be?

**Joey:** Nope.

**Monica:** But you are?

**Joey:** Yep.

**Monica:** But you told them you weren’t?

**Joey:** That’s right.

**Monica:** Wow! Wow! And it’s definitely all gone? There’s nothing there to work with? *(Joey glares at her.)* What were you thinking?

**Joey:** I don’t know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] you say yes. Like if-if they want you to [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] a horse, you tell ‘em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.

**Monica:** Joey! This is not like learning to [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] a horse! This is like learning to…grow a [[Friends-词汇总表#turtleneck\|turtleneck]]!

**Joey:** I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.

**Monica:** Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!

**Joey:** I just have to call my agent and tell her I can’t do the part. *(Gets up for the phone.)*

**Monica:** Unless!

**Joey:** Unless what?

**Monica:** Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.

**Joey:** Like what?

**Monica:** Well I’m not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I’m thinking double sided [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] and some sort of [[Friends-词汇总表#luncheon\|luncheon]] [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]].


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Phoebe is entering and Rachel is still planning.

**Phoebe:** Hey! I’ve got a great idea for party [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favors]] for the shower. Okay, we get some uh [[Friends-词汇总表#mahogany\|mahogany]] boxes and [[Friends-词汇总表#carve\|carve]] everyone’s names in them and inside is everyone’s individual birth stone.

**Rachel:** Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And [[Friends-词汇总表#meanwhile\|meanwhile]], the party is tomorrow and we still don’t have a guest list.

**Phoebe:** Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that’s coming? Me. Are you?

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey! What’s up Mon?

**Monica:** Well uh, I’m trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I [[Friends-词汇总表#raid\|raid]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]?

**Rachel:** Have at it.

**Monica:** Okay. *(Opens the fridge.)* All right, [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]]. Eh, that won’t work. Cheese? *(Picks it up)* That won’t work. Olive [[Friends-词汇总表#loaf\|loaf]]? *(Picks it up)* I hope that won’t work.

**Rachel:** Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#makin\|makin]]’ him a [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]?

**Monica:** No it’s umm, more like a [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]]. Okay so uh, I’m gonna go guys. Phoebe and Rachel: Okay.

**Monica:** I guess you can get back to [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|deciding]] on what to get me for a present!

*(Runs out.)*

**Rachel:** *(To Phoebe, after Monica’s gone)* We have to get her a present?!

**Phoebe:** Okay but look! Look at what I got! It’s her address book! *(Holds it up.)* We have a guest list!

**Rachel:** Oh my God you’re amazing! Did you just pull that out of her [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh, and a little [[Friends-词汇总表#seed\|seed]] money for the party. *(Holds up $40.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, there is a knock on the door and Ross opens it to Cassie.

**Ross:** *(shocked at her beauty)* Cassie?!

**Cassie:** Hey Ross!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Cassie:** *(hugs him)* It’s been so long! Last time I saw you, you were setting up your [[Friends-词汇总表#tent\|tent]] in line to see Return of the Jedi.

**Ross:** Oh. Oh, that’s right. So-so you did see me that day because it seemed like you didn’t.

**Cassie:** Ah yeah, sorry about that.

**Ross:** It’s okay. Come, come on in.

**Cassie:** Thanks for letting me stay here! I mean Monica’s place was nice, but her [[Friends-词汇总表#fiancee\|fiancee]] sure [[Friends-词汇总表#stare\|stares]] a lot.

**Ross:** Oh.

*(She sets down her bag and we travel back to slow motion world. She once again whips her hair around in slow motion with the love doctor Barry White singing in the background. And I’d also like to take this opportunity to mention that she can also be seen in Starship Troopers and that she was born in Downers Grove, Illinois which just happens to be a few miles from where I live. Anyway Cousin Ross is now staring.)*

**Cassie:** Oh my God! You do a great Chandler!

**Ross:** Uh-huh. Yeah I-I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#knack\|knack]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impressions]].

**Cassie:** Well, maybe after we get [[Friends-词汇总表#reacquaint\|reacquainted]] uh, you can do me.

**Ross:** Yeah—No!!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Cassie is eating dinner and Ross is pacing behind her because of what she’s eating.

**Ross:** Cassie, how you-how you doin’ on that…hot dog.

**Cassie:** I’m all done.

**Ross:** *(quietly)* Thank God.

**Cassie:** I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.

**Ross:** Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pinned]] you down and [[Friends-词汇总表#tickle\|tickled]] you ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] you cried? *(She laughs)* We’re probably too old to do that now.

**Cassie:** I’ll always remember that summer, because it’s when I got all of these [[Friends-词汇总表#freckle\|freckles]]. *(She pulls her blouse open to show him her shoulder and bra strap.)*

**Ross:** *(looking then moving away quickly)* Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I’ll always remember that summer because that’s when I realized that we are related.

**Cassie:** It took you that long to figure it out, huh?

**Ross:** Well I’m, I’m a little [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]]. *(To himself)* Just as our children would be.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment, it’s Monica’s bridal shower and Phoebe is passing out some finger food.

**Phoebe:** Hi!

**Woman:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** How are you? *(The woman nods)* Good. *(She goes over to another couple of women.)* Hi, thanks for coming.

**Woman:** Oh thank you.

*(The other woman declines.)*

**Phoebe:** Thank you. *(To the other woman)* No? *(She nods.)* All right. *(She goes to another pairing.)* Oh, it’s so nice to see you.

**Woman:** No.

**The Other Woman:** No thanks.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(Goes over to Rachel.)* Hey Rach?

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** Who the hell are all these people?

**Rachel:** Well, I don’t know. I called all the people in Monica’s phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.

**Phoebe:** Hmm, y’know there’s another word for people like that. Losers!

*(A woman approaches.)*

**Rachel:** *(to her)* Hi! I’m Rachel. This is Phoebe. I’m the [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]]. How do you know Monica?

**Woman:** I was her [[Friends-词汇总表#accountant\|accountant]] four years ago.

**Rachel:** Ohhhh!

**Woman:** I’m very interested to find out who’s been doing her taxes these last four years.

**Rachel:** That’s great!

**Woman:** So, what time is Monica supposed to get here? Phoebe and Rachel: *(to each other)* I don’t know.

**Rachel:** *(to the woman)* Excuse us for a minute. *(They go into the kitchen.)* You didn’t tell her to come?!

**Phoebe:** You were supposed to tell her!

**Rachel:** No I wasn’t! You were supposed to tell her to come and I was supposed to bring the [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]!

**Phoebe:** Fine, I’ll go call her.

**Rachel:** Yes! And please tell her to bring a [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is standing at the counter as Monica enters carrying a tray.

**Monica:** Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of [[Friends-词汇总表#prototype\|prototypes]] for you to try on.

**Joey:** Wow! This looks great!

**Monica:** Yeah! Okay, this one is a [[Friends-词汇总表#mushroom\|mushroom]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cap\|cap]]. *(Points to it.)* Umm, this one is made of [[Friends-词汇总表#bologna\|bologna]]. *(Points.)*

**Joey:** And-and-and-and-and the [[Friends-词汇总表#toothpick\|toothpicks]]?

**Monica:** Oh, just until the [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dries]].

**Joey:** Thank God!

**Monica:** *(to a whole group)* Now, these are-are more [[Friends-词汇总表#realistic\|realistic]], but [[Friends-词汇总表#perishable\|perishable]].

**Joey:** Ah.

**Monica:** Okay? *(To a different group)* Over here we have pink [[Friends-词汇总表#suede\|suede]], which is nice. But umm, if it gets [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] then you know it’s gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#shrink\|shrink]].

**Joey:** Well maybe we just take that one away. *(Picks it up and throws it away.)*

**Monica:** I also, did a little something in [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]]. But umm, that’s really just for me. *(Rubs it against her cheek.)* Okay. So, why don’t you go into your room and try these on and we’ll see—get a better idea of what’s gonna work.

**Joey:** Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.

*(He goes into his room to try them on and closes the door.)*

**Joey:** Ow!

**Monica:** Toothpick?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Monica:** What are you trying on now?

**Joey:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] up.

**Monica:** And?

**Joey:** Delicious.

**Monica:** Joey!

**Joey:** Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We have a [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]]!

**Monica:** What?! Which one?!

**Joey:** The Silly Putty! It’s not so [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] anymore!

*(They hug.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Cassie and Ross are watching a movie and Cassie is pouring Ross some more wine as Ross has his hands full with the glass and holding the bowl of popcorn in his lap.

**Ross:** *(in his head)* She’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]]. She’s your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she’d think you were [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]! *(She grabs some popcorn.)* Or would she? Let’s back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan’s Run, the [[Friends-词汇总表#sexiest\|sexiest]] movie ever. *(She grabs the blanket from behind him and looks at him.)* Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I’m going in.

*(They exchange looks, smile, and shrug their shoulders before Ross suddenly lunges forward in an attempt to kiss her, but she expertly backs away.)*

**Cassie:** Hey! What the hell are you doing?! *(They sit back up.)*

**Ross:** *(in his head)* Say something [[Friends-词汇总表#clever\|clever]]! *(Pause.)* Okay, doesn’t have to be [[Friends-词汇总表#clever\|clever]], it just has to be words. Say some words. *(Pause)* Any words will do. *(Pause)* Oh my God! This is the [[Friends-词汇总表#longest\|longest]] that anyone has not talked ever! *(Pause)* There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! *(Pause.)* *(To her)* I-I, I uh haven’t had sex in a very long time. *(She leaves.)* *(In his head)* Yeah, you really shouldn’t have said anything.


> [!scene] Scene: outside Phoebe's apartment, Monica is knocking on the door.

**Monica:** Phoebe! Rachel! It’s Monica! I wonder what you could [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] need me for on such short notice! *(She bursts into the apartment to find only Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch.)* Oh.

**Rachel:** Oh Monica, we are so sorry.

**Monica:** For what?

**Rachel:** Well first, for forgetting to throw you a [[Friends-词汇总表#bridal\|bridal]] shower.

**Phoebe:** And then for forgetting to invite you to it.

**Monica:** You al-you already had it?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.

**Rachel:** Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don’t have either.

**Phoebe:** We [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]] everything.

**Rachel:** Ugh…

**Monica:** Well no wait a minute that’s not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.

**Rachel:** What do you, what do you mean?

**Monica:** Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents *(Motions to the pile in the corner)* without having to talk to people I don’t even like!

*(Suddenly, everyone stands up and comes out of hiding. All of them are glaring at Monica.)*

**Rachel:** Surprise…

**Phoebe:** Sur-surprise.

**Rachel:** …Monica.


> [!scene] Scene: The casting director’s office, Joey is there to show off to the director, so to speak.

**Joey:** And what’s cool is, the character is from Naples, right?

**The Director:** Yeah.

**Joey:** My whole family’s from Naples!

**The Director:** Oh that’s great! Okay, well I’ve heard everything I need to hear. I just need to uh, Leslie…

**The Casting Director:** Joey, this is awkward part.

**Joey:** Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. *(He starts taking off his clothes.)* I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] scars or [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoos]]. Don’t you worry; I have nothing to [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]]. *(He drops his pants and stands back up and looks down.)* So there you go, that’s me. *(We cut to a camera angle looking at the casting director and movie director through Joey’s legs.)* One hundred percent natural! *(Suddenly, there’s a thud as something falls off.)* *(Everyone is shocked.)* I tell ya, that has never happened before. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment, Phoebe is getting out linens for Cassie who is in the bathroom.

**Phoebe:** Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?

**Cassie:** Yeah! Thank you so much for letting me stay here.

**Phoebe:** Oh! No problem! I… *(Cassie emerges from the bathroom and we once again visit slow motion Barry White background music land with the sexy hair-flipping thing going on, only this time Phoebe is entranced. For more information on Denise Richards you can visit your local library or look her up on the Internet at her official website at www.deniserichards.com.)*

**Cassie:** *(noticing her)* What?

**Phoebe:** *(in her head)* Say something! Say anything! Ask her out! She’s not your [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]]!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 7 | 235 | 141 | *Oh, it’s this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 7 | 73 | 50 | *I know you’re planning my surprise bridal shower.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 3 | 156 | 115 | *Oh my God! We have to throw her a shower?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *They want me to be totally naked in the movie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 2 | 99 | 84 | *Wow, I haven’t seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 2 | 99 | 67 | *I know you’re planning my surprise bridal shower.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 2 | 84 | 58 | *Oh my God Phoebe, this is impossible! We can’t do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Who the hell are all these people?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Well first, for forgetting to throw you a bridal shower.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Nothing, I’m just practicing blowing you off because I’m gonna be a big movie star!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it!  Oh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s cath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Y’know I’m-I’m really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Y’know I’m-I’m really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Y’know I was thinking if we had a…a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Oh great! Y’know I would’ve been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y’know, thanks for making a ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Wow! Wow! And it’s definitely all gone? There’s nothing there to work with?  What were you thinking?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Oh my God you’re amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Oh my God you’re amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Cassie, how you-how you doin’ on that…hot dog.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you ‘til you cried?  We’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I’ll always remember that summer because that’s when I realized that we * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse us for a minute.  You didn’t tell her to come?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *The Silly Putty! It’s not so silly anymore!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Say something clever!  Okay, doesn’t have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words.  An* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those prese* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Oh! Hey right! Not a problem.  I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh! Hey right! Not a problem.  I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Oh! Hey right! Not a problem.  I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Oh! Hey right! Not a problem.  I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any h* |

### 常用词（56）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 6 | 29 | 19 | *I gotta make up the guest bedroom.  Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 3 | 87 | 38 | *Oh hey! How was your audition?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 3 | 55 | 42 | *Rachel, calm down!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 2 | 21 | 19 | *Yeah. But a part of me also can’t wait ‘til it’s over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] | /im'pɒsәbl/ | a. 不可能的, 难以置信的, 令人无法忍受的 | n. something that cannot be done | 2 | 19 | 17 | *Oh my God Phoebe, this is impossible! We can’t do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 2 | 60 | 37 | *She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 2 | 52 | 33 | *I don’t know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 2 | 67 | 29 | *No I wasn’t! You were supposed to tell her to come and I was supposed to bring the cake!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 2 | 27 | 21 | *The Silly Putty! It’s not so silly anymore!* |
| estelle | /es'tel/ | n. 埃斯特尔(f.) |  | 1 | 27 | 10 | *Joey! It’s Estelle! I just talked to the casting people; they loved you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *I know! My grandmother’s gonna see this!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandma\|grandma]] | /'grændmɑ:/ | n. 奶奶, 外婆 | n. the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Grandma’s gonna have to get in line.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *I gotta make up the guest bedroom.  Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Wow, I haven’t seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 1 | 25 | 21 | *Wow, I haven’t seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Well okay—Well don’t ruin it! Just play along at least!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] | /'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | vt. 组织, 有机化, 给予生机 | v. cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Okay. Okay.  I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *4 o’clock. Food?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Finger sandwiches and tea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *Finger sandwiches and tea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Finger sandwiches and tea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Neither.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Okay.  But wait, we can’t. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we’re supposed to have lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Well get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] | /θin/ | a. 薄的, 细的, 瘦的, 稀疏的, 稀薄的, 淡的, 弱的, 空洞的 | v. lose thickness; become thin or thinner | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Wafer thin ice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 1 | 79 | 28 | *Well I’m not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I’m thinking double sided tape and some sort of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *Well I’m not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I’m thinking double sided tape and some sort of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Hey! I’ve got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *Well uh, I’m trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 1 | 51 | 20 | *Okay.  All right, turkey. Eh, that won’t work. Cheese?  That won’t work. Olive loaf?  I hope that wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 1 | 46 | 27 | *Okay.  All right, turkey. Eh, that won’t work. Cheese?  That won’t work. Olive loaf?  I hope that wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 1 | 27 | 23 | *No it’s umm, more like a wrap. Okay so uh, I’m gonna go guys. Phoebe and Rachel: Okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Oh my God you’re amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] | /im'preʃәn/ | n. 印象, 意念, 盖印, 印记, 印数, 底色, 效果 | n. a vague idea in which some confidence is placed | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Uh-huh. Yeah I-I have a knack for impressions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pin\|pin]] | /pin/ | n. 大头针, 针, 别针, 栓, 销子, 图钉, 插头, 管脚, 品(液量单位) | n. a piece of jewelry that is pinned onto the wearer's garment | 1 | 19 | 12 | *Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you ‘til you cried?  We’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Well I’m, I’m a little slow.  Just as our children would be.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 1 | 32 | 24 | *Hmm, y’know there’s another word for people like that. Losers!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] | /meid/ | n. 少女, 未婚女子, 女仆 | n. a female domestic | 1 | 38 | 15 | *Hi! I’m Rachel. This is Phoebe. I’m the maid of honor. How do you know Monica?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] | /'ɒnә/ | n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章 | n. the state of being honored | 1 | 29 | 13 | *Hi! I’m Rachel. This is Phoebe. I’m the maid of honor. How do you know Monica?* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]] | /glu:/ | n. 胶, 粘性物 | n. cement consisting of a sticky substance that is used as an adhesive | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Oh, just until the glue dries.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Oh, just until the glue dries.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] | /wet/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 水分, 雨天 | v. cause to become wet | 1 | 26 | 25 | *Okay?  Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it’s gonna* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 1 | 23 | 14 | *The fruit roll up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *The fruit roll up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] | /di'liʃәs/ | a. 美味的 | n. variety of sweet eating apples | 1 | 26 | 18 | *Delicious.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] | /'winә/ | n. 胜利者, 优胜者 | n. the contestant who wins the contest | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We have a winner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *She’s your cousin. She’s your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she’d think you wer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *She’s your cousin. She’s your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she’d think you wer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] | /'pɒsәbli/ | adv. 可能, 也许 | r. by chance | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Phoebe! Rachel! It’s Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice!  Oh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *Oh! Hey right! Not a problem.  I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *Oh! Hey right! Not a problem.  I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any h* |

### 低频词（67）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| scorcese |  | [网络] 斯科塞斯；柯西斯 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh, it’s this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nudity\|nudity]] | /'nju:diti/ | n. 裸露, 裸露物, 裸体像 | n the state of being without clothing or covering of any kind | 2 | 8 | 5 | *There’s just one thing. Do you have a problem with full frontal nudity?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]] | /pækt/ | n. 契约, 协定, 条约 | n a written agreement between two states or sovereigns | 2 | 16 | 5 | *Yeah. But a part of me also can’t wait ‘til it’s over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bridal\|bridal]] | /'braidl/ | a. 新娘的, 婚礼的 | n. archaic terms for a wedding or wedding feast | 2 | 3 | 2 | *I know you’re planning my surprise bridal shower.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] | /bɑ:n/ | n. 谷仓 | n. an outlying farm building for storing grain or animal feed and housing farm a | 2 | 25 | 8 | *Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s cath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shrill\|shrill]] | /ʃril/ | n. 尖声 | s. having or emitting a high-pitched and sharp tone or tones | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Well get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.* |
| marilyn |  | n. 玛里琳（女子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clever\|clever]] | /'klevә/ | a. 聪明的, 精明的 | s. showing inventiveness and skill | 2 | 9 | 8 | *Say something clever!  Okay, doesn’t have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words.  An* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#naples\|naples]] | /'neiplz/ | n. 那不勒斯 | n. a port and tourist center in southwestern Italy; capital of the Campania regi | 2 | 2 | 1 | *And what’s cool is, the character is from Naples, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]] | /'klɑ:si/ | a. 上等的, 优等的, 漂亮的 | s. elegant and fashionable | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh, it’s this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frontal\|frontal]] | /'frʌntәl/ | a. 前面的, 正面的, 额的 | n. a drapery that covers the front of an altar | 1 | 2 | 2 | *There’s just one thing. Do you have a problem with full frontal nudity?* |
| barbie |  | n. 芭比（女子名）；芭比娃娃（商标名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wow, I haven’t seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subtle\|subtle]] | /'sʌtl/ | a. 敏锐的, 精细的, 狡猾的, 稀薄的, 灵巧的, 微妙的 | s. able to make fine distinctions | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Subtle guys!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#legitimate\|legitimate]] | /li'dʒitimәt/ | a. 合法的, 正当的, 婚生的 | v. show or affirm to be just and legitimate | 1 | 4 | 3 | *I don’t know! It’s not like it’s porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y’know? And the nudity i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catholic\|catholic]] | /'kæθәlik/ | n. 天主教徒 | n. a member of a Catholic church | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s cath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jewish\|jewish]] | /'dʒu:iʃ/ | a. 犹太人的, 犹太族的 | a. of or relating to Jews or their culture or religion | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s cath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rainstorm\|rainstorm]] | /'reinstɒ:m/ | n. 雨暴 | n. a storm with rain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s cath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#undress\|undress]] | /.ʌn'dres/ | vt. 使脱衣服, 暴露, 使卸去装饰 | n. partial or complete nakedness | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s cath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tender\|tender]] | /'tendә/ | a. 嫩的, 柔软的, 脆弱的, 温柔的, 亲切的, 未成熟的, 微妙的, 棘手的, 审慎的 | n. something that can be used as an official medium of payment | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well that’s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character’s cath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chili\|chili]] | /'tʃili/ | n. 干辣椒, 辣椒粉 | n. ground beef and chili peppers or chili powder often with tomatoes and kidney  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And chili!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balloon\|balloon]] | /bә'lu:n/ | n. 气球 | n. large tough nonrigid bag filled with gas or heated air | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Ah you went one too far. Uh, flowers or balloons?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lust\|lust]] | /lʌst/ | n. 贪欲, 欲望, 色欲 | n. self-indulgent sexual desire (personified as one of the deadly sins) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Lusts of the flesh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flesh\|flesh]] | /'fleʃ/ | n. 肉, 肉体, 肉欲, 人性, 亲属, 人类, 众生, 人体 | n. the soft tissue of the body of a vertebrate: mainly muscle tissue and fat | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Lusts of the flesh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]] | /'kaubɒi/ | n. 牛仔, 牛郎, 牧童 | n. a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback | 1 | 15 | 9 | *I don’t know.  A cowboy theme?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bossy\|bossy]] | /'bɒsi/ | a. 专横的, 浮雕装饰的 | s offensively self-assured or given to exercising usually unwarranted power | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#domineer\|domineer]] | /.dɒmi'niә/ | vi. 跋扈, 作威作福 | v rule or exercise power over (somebody) in a cruel and autocratic manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sloppy\|sloppy]] | /'slɒpi/ | a. 泥泞的, 潮湿的, 粗心的 | s. lacking neatness or order | 1 | 3 | 3 | *The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#immature\|immature]] | /.imә'tjuә/ | a. 不成熟的, 未完全发育的, 粗糙的 | a. characteristic of a lack of maturity | 1 | 3 | 3 | *The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsessive\|obsessive]] | /әb'sesiv,ɔb-/ | a. 着迷的 | n. a person who has obsessions | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Well get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intently\|intently]] | /in'tentli/ | adv. 一心一意地, 心无旁物地, 专心地 | r. with strained or eager attention | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It’s called being a good conversation* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversationalist\|conversationalist]] |  | n. 交谈者, 健谈者 | n. someone skilled at conversation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It’s called being a good conversation* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wafer\|wafer]] | /'weifә/ | n. 薄酥饼, 圣饼, 晶片, 圆片, 干胶片 | n. a small adhesive disk of paste; used to seal letters | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wafer thin ice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#improv\|improv]] | /ɪmp'ru:v/ | n. & adj. <口>即兴表演（的） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And scene! Huh? Wasn’t that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tastefully\|tastefully]] |  | adv. 高雅地；雅致地 | r. with taste; in a tasteful manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it’s handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turtleneck\|turtleneck]] | /'tә:tlnek/ | n. 圆翻领, 高翻领毛衣 | n. a sweater or jersey with a high close-fitting collar | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to…grow a turtleneck!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luncheon\|luncheon]] | /'lʌntʃәn/ | n. 午宴, 午餐会 | n a midday meal | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well I’m not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I’m thinking double sided tape and some sort of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mahogany\|mahogany]] | /mә'hɑ:gәni/ | n. 桃花心木, 红褐色 | n. wood of any of various mahogany trees; much used for cabinetwork and furnitur | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey! I’ve got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carve\|carve]] | /kɑ:v/ | v. 雕刻, 切开 | v. form by carving | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey! I’ve got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meanwhile\|meanwhile]] | /'mi:nhwail/ | n. 其时, 其间 | r. at the same time but in another place | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raid\|raid]] | /reid/ | n. 袭击, 突袭, 搜捕 | n. an attempt by speculators to defraud investors | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well uh, I’m trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#olive\|olive]] | /'ɒliv/ | n. 橄榄, 橄榄树, 橄榄色, 橄榄枝 | n. small ovoid fruit of the European olive tree; important food and source of oi | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay.  All right, turkey. Eh, that won’t work. Cheese?  That won’t work. Olive loaf?  I hope that wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loaf\|loaf]] | /lәuf/ | n. 一条面包, 块, 游荡 | n. a quantity of food (other than bread) formed in a particular shape | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay.  All right, turkey. Eh, that won’t work. Cheese?  That won’t work. Olive loaf?  I hope that wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#makin\|makin]] |  | 梅金（人名） | n battles in World War II in the Pacific (November 1943); United States Marines  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Are you makin’ him a sandwich?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seed\|seed]] | /si:d/ | n. 种子, 籽, 萌芽, 子孙, 精液 | n. a small hard fruit | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Uh-huh, and a little seed money for the party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tent\|tent]] | /tent/ | n. 帐篷, 帷幕, 住处, 塞条, 塞子 | n. a portable shelter (usually of canvas stretched over supporting poles and fas | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It’s been so long! Last time I saw you, you were setting up your tent in line to see Return of the J* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jedi\|jedi]] |  | n. 绝地武士 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s been so long! Last time I saw you, you were setting up your tent in line to see Return of the J* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fiancee\|fiancee]] | /fi'ɒnsei/ | n. 未婚妻 | n. a woman who is engaged to be married | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Thanks for letting me stay here! I mean Monica’s place was nice, but her fiancee sure stares a lot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knack\|knack]] | /næk/ | n. 熟练技术, 巧妙手法, 诀窍 | n a special way of doing something | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh-huh. Yeah I-I have a knack for impressions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reacquaint\|reacquaint]] | /ˌri:əˈkweɪnt/ | vt. 重新认识, 重新熟悉 | v. familiarize anew | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, maybe after we get reacquainted uh, you can do me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tickle\|tickle]] | /'tikl/ | n. 胳肢, 痒 | n. a cutaneous sensation often resulting from light stroking | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you ‘til you cried?  We’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freckle\|freckle]] | /'frekl/ | n. 雀斑, 斑点 | n. a small brownish spot (of the pigment melanin) on the skin | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I’ll always remember that summer, because it’s when I got all of these freckles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accountant\|accountant]] | /ә'kauntәnt/ | n. 会计人员, 会计师 | n. someone who maintains and audits business accounts | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I was her accountant four years ago.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prototype\|prototype]] | /'prәutәtaip/ | n. 原型 | n. a standard or typical example | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mushroom\|mushroom]] | /'mʌʃrum/ | n. 蘑菇形物, 蘑菇, 暴发户 | n. common name for an edible agaric (contrasting with the inedible toadstool) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap.  Umm, this one is made of bologna.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cap\|cap]] | /kæp/ | n. 盖子, 帽子 | n. a tight-fitting headdress | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap.  Umm, this one is made of bologna.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bologna\|bologna]] | /bә'lәunjә/ | n. 一种大腊肠 | n. the capital of Emilia-Romagna; located in northern Italy to the east of the A | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap.  Umm, this one is made of bologna.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toothpick\|toothpick]] | /'tu:θpik/ | n. 牙签 | n. pick consisting of a small strip of wood or plastic; used to pick food from b | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And-and-and-and-and the toothpicks?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realistic\|realistic]] | /riә'listik/ | a. 现实的, 逼真的, 现实主义的, 实在论的 | a. aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perishable\|perishable]] | /'periʃәbl/ | a. 易腐坏的, 会枯萎的, 易毁灭的, 不经久的 | n. food that will decay rapidly if not refrigerated | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suede\|suede]] | /sweid/ | n. 小山羊皮, 起毛皮革, 表面粗糙的软皮革, 麂皮 | n. leather with a napped surface | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Okay?  Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it’s gonna* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shrink\|shrink]] | /ʃriŋk/ | n. 收缩, 萎缩, 回避 | v. reduce in size; reduce physically | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Okay?  Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it’s gonna* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]] | /fә:/ | n. 毛皮 | n. the dressed hairy coat of a mammal | 1 | 12 | 9 | *I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that’s really just for me.  Okay. So, why don’t you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#putty\|putty]] | /'pʌti/ | n. 油灰, 淡灰色, 氧化锡 | n. a dough-like mixture of whiting and boiled linseed oil; used especially to pa | 1 | 2 | 2 | *The Silly Putty! It’s not so silly anymore!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#logan\|logan]] | /'lәu^әn/ | n. 洛根（男子名） | n. a mountain peak in the St. Elias Range in the southwestern Yukon Territory in | 1 | 1 | 1 | *She’s your cousin. She’s your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she’d think you wer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexiest\|sexiest]] |  | 最性感的（ sexy的最高级 ） | a marked by or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest | 1 | 2 | 2 | *She’s your cousin. She’s your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she’d think you wer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#longest\|longest]] | /'lɔŋɡist. 'lɔ:ŋ-/ | a. 最长的 | r. for the most time | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Say something clever!  Okay, doesn’t have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words.  An* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tattoo\|tattoo]] | /tә'tu:/ | n. 归营号, 连续有节奏的敲击, 文身, 矮种马 | n. a drumbeat or bugle call that signals the military to return to their quarter | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh! Hey right! Not a problem.  I totally understand. You need to y’know make sure I don’t have any h* |
