---
season: 7
episode: "08"
title: "The One Where Chandler Doesn&#146;t Like Dogs"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E08 — The One Where Chandler Doesn&#146;t Like Dogs

*Written by: Patty Lin With Help from: Didi Chow*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is in the kitchen, Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe are sitting around the table writing one notepads while Chandler is looking over their shoulders.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey everybody! Happy Thanksgiving!

**Chandler:** No, no, no. No-no-no. Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe: Shhhh!

**Ross:** What, are we keeping Thanksgiving a [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] this year?

**Chandler:** No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.

**Ross:** What? That's like [[Friends-词汇总表#insanely\|insanely]] easy!

**Chandler:** Now, that's a lot [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]] *(looks over to Monica)*.

**Monica:** It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] I didn't lose.

**Ross:** What? You forgot [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]] states?

**Monica:** Nobody cares about the Dakotas. *(That’s true in so many ways, trust me, I’ve lived in one and been to the other.)*


> [!scene] Chandler's watch beeps

**Chandler:** Oh, okay, time's up!

**Rachel:** All right, I got 48.

**Chandler:** Oh that's not bad, Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I got [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] of naming states. So I [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to list the types of [[Friends-词汇总表#celery\|celery]], and I have one: regular celery.

**Chandler:** Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in…[[Friends-词汇总表#vegetable\|vegetables]], Joey?

**Joey:** Say hello to the new [[Friends-词汇总表#champ\|champ]] of Chandler's [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] states game.

**Ross:** Wow, how many have you got?

**Joey:** Fifty-six!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's. Ross is sitting in the couch doing Chandler's game. Chandler is sitting in his barca-lounger. The girls are in the kitchen.

**Joey:** Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports-team!

**Chandler:** Does South Oregon have a sports-team? *(Joey strikes one from his list)* There you go.


> [!scene] Cut to the girls in the kitchen.

**Rachel:** *(counting the place settings)* How come we have one extra place setting?

**Monica:** 'Cause you invited your assistant.

**Rachel:** Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.

**Monica:** Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] stuffed [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]].

**Rachel:** Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] and perfect, you can never have too many of those [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] things.

**Monica:** Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]], *(Laughs)* but I still do.

**Phoebe:** Regular Celery! *(Starts to write that on her list)* Oh, I already have that. *(She gets up and heads for her room)*

**Ross:** Done! With time a-to-[[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]].

**Chandler:** Oooh that may be a New World's record *(Looks at his watch and picks up Ross' pad)*

**Ross:** You know, I hate to [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] you guys, but it's kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#disgraceful\|disgraceful]], that a group of well-[[Friends-词汇总表#educate\|educated]] adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, [[Friends-词汇总表#colorful\|colorful]] things called "a [[Friends-词汇总表#globe\|globe]]?" Hmm?

**Chandler:** Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states. *(Smiles and hands Ross back his pad)*

**Ross:** What? That's [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]].

**Joey:** 46. Wow! Who's well [[Friends-词汇总表#educate\|educated]] now, Mr. I-forgot-ten-states?

**Monica:** All right, I'm out of [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!

**Chandler:** I am only one man! *(Monica heads out)* Okay Ross, time is up!

**Ross:** No, just give me another minute.

**Chandler:** Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.

**Ross:** This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.

**Chandler:** Okay, but if you can't…no dinner!

**Ross:** You're on!

**Joey:** *(gets up)* All right. Don't look at my list, Ross, 'cause there's a lot on there that you don't have.

**Monica:** *(entering, to Joey and Rachel)* Hey, did you guys know, that your [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] doesn't work?

**Joey:** But the [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] full of take-out menus is okay, right?

**Monica:** Ross, I'm gonna use yours, okay?

**Ross:** Pshhshhh!

**Monica:** Chandler? Can you give me a hand? *(Grabs her jacket)*

**Chandler:** Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the [[Friends-词汇总表#globe\|globe]] in your apartment.

**Joey:** Don't worry, Chandler, it's not a [[Friends-词汇总表#globe\|globe]] of the United States.


> [!scene] Chandler and Monica head out with some stuff. Phoebe comes out of her room with a bag.

**Phoebe:** Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk.

**Ross:** Phoebe, why is your bag moving?

**Phoebe:** Oh, it's not!

**Rachel:** Seriously, it's moving!

**Joey:** What the hell is in there?

**Phoebe:** It's just my [[Friends-词汇总表#knit\|knitting]] that's all! *(A dog sticks its head out of Phoebe's bag. Everyone looks puzzled.)* Yes! I [[Friends-词汇总表#knit\|knit]] this. I'm very good.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross' apartment, Monica and Chandler enter.

**Monica:** Ross’s apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?

**Chandler:** I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkins]] or something.

**Monica:** That's my [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]]!

**Chandler:** Which smells [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]]!

**Monica:** Uh-oh! Uh-oh!

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** We left Joey alone with the food! *(Walks towards the window and looks out)* Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Ross is still doing his list. Rachel and Joey are feeding the dog as the phone rings.

**Phoebe:** *(answering the phone)* Hi Geller-Bing [[Friends-词汇总表#residence\|residence]]. How can I help?

**Monica:** Phoebe, why is there a dog in our apartment?

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, who's this?

**Monica:** Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]!

**Chandler:** Tell her, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]], and I will [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]]!

**Phoebe:** No, there's no dog here?

**Monica:** Yes there is! He's black and white and [[Friends-词汇总表#shaggy\|shaggy]] and [Cut to Monica’s apartment] he's sitting next to Rachel and [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licking]] Rachel's hand.

**Phoebe:** Oh my god! Where are you? *(Looks around.)*

**Monica:** I'll be right there!

**Phoebe:** *(Phoebe hangs up and someone knocks on the door. She gasps.)* They're here already? How are they doing this?

**Rachel:** *(gets up and opens the door)* Hi Tag! What are you doing here?

**Tag:** I, uh, wanted to see if your offer to spend Thanksgiving with you is still good.

**Rachel:** Well, sure! Come in! *(He enters)* Well, what-what happened to your girlfriend?

**Tag:** We kinda broke up this morning.

**Rachel:** Oh, I'm sorry.

**Tag:** Yeah, so she went back to Ohio.

**Ross:** Ohio!! Thank you!


> [!scene] Time lapse, Chandler and Monica enter.

**Chandler:** Huh! Where is the dog?!

**Ross:** What dog? There-there's no dog here.

**Joey:** Yeah that dog left!

**Monica:** *(walks to Phoebe's door)* Phoebe! Phoebe, open up!

**Phoebe:** There's no dog in here.


> [!scene] The dog barks.

**Chandler:** Phoebe, we can hear the dog [[Friends-词汇总表#bark\|barking]]!

**Phoebe:** No that's just me [[Friends-词汇总表#cough\|coughing]]! *(Doing some weird coughing noises and the dog barks again. Phoebe comes out of the room.)* Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.

**Chandler:** What is it doing here?

**Phoebe:** Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. *(She bends down, picks up the dog, and waves with one of its paws)* Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?

**Monica:** Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]]!

**Chandler:** Extremely [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]], okay? If I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] will just close up!

**Phoebe:** That's [[Friends-词汇总表#odd\|odd]], 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days

**Chandler:** *(gasping)* Really?

**Monica:** Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a [[Friends-词汇总表#reaction\|reaction]], maybe you're not [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]] to this dog?

**Chandler:** Well, it still has to go, right? Monica and Phoebe: Why?

**Chandler:** Okay, it's um…

**Joey:** *(interrupting him)* Don't do it!

**Monica:** Don't do what?

**Chandler:** *(to Joey)* I have to! Okay? It's time! *(Joey shrugs as if to say, "Do what you have to do")* Okay, I hate dogs.

**All:** What?

**Phoebe:** Are you crazy?

**Ross:** Are you out of your mind?

**Phoebe:** Why?

**Joey:** Told ya. *(Waves bye-bye.)*

**Chandler:** They are [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]], they are [[Friends-词汇总表#jumpy\|jumpy]], and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]].

**Ross:** Right, they are [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]]. *(He jumps up, screaming)* Ahh, she just ate a [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] out of my hand!!!

**Rachel:** Wait a minute. Do you not like all dogs? I mean, not even [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppies]]?

**Chandler:** *(scared)* Is there a [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]] here?

**Tag:** You don't like [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppies]]?

**Chandler:** *(to Tag)* Okay, you are new!

**Joey:** Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not [[Friends-词汇总表#likin\|likin]]’ ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]].

**Phoebe:** You don't like ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]]?

**Ross:** It's too cold.

**Chandler:** Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]].

**Ross:** *(to Phoebe)* It hurts my [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]].

**Chandler:** And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. *(An awkward silence ensues.)* Oh my god!!


> [!scene] Time lapse, Ross is still doing Chandler's game. Tag is heading for the balcony.

**Ross:** How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.

**Monica:** 1250.

**Ross:** Damn, I forgot you were here.

**Phoebe:** All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross’s. We'll be back in a minute. *(Gets up with Monica to do so.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, wait before you guys go, can I just ask you a question?

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I'd say about a month.

**Monica:** Really? I'd say 3 to 4.

**Joey:** Half hour. *(Rachel turns to look at him and he nods yes.)*

**Rachel:** Interesting.

**Monica:** When it's your assistant, I would say never.

**Joey:** All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a [[Friends-词汇总表#moo\|moo]]-point.

**Rachel:** Huh. A [[Friends-词汇总表#moo\|moo]]-point?

**Joey:** Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#moo\|moo]].

**Rachel:** *(to Monica and Phoebe)* Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?

**Monica:** Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he’s obviously [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressed]]. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|strangers]]. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.

**Rachel:** You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.

**Joey:** Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.


> [!scene] Cut to the balcony, Tag is looking down while Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Tag:** Hey.

**Rachel:** How are you holding up?

**Tag:** Not bad.

**Rachel:** Yeah? I'm sorry about your girlfriend.

**Tag:** Thanks.

**Rachel:** So were you guys together a long time?

**Tag:** A year. On and off. I kinda thought we'd end up together. I don't anymore.

**Rachel:** Now that she broke up with you?

**Tag:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Yeah. Hmmmm.

**Tag:** It's weird. I always used to [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]], that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]?

**Rachel:** No…Yeah, all the time, [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]]. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#terrify\|terrifying]]. But you know that I figure it…it has to work out.

**Tag:** Why?

**Rachel:** Because, uh—it has to.

**Tag:** You have all the answers, don't you?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I know, I do. I really do.

**Tag:** Hey, thanks for talking to me.

**Rachel:** Well, what is a [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] for? Hug it out! *(They hug)*

**Joey:** *(through the window)* All right, he likes you back! Huh? Told ya, you should go for it!

**Tag:** What?

**Joey:** *(realizes what he said)* Street [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drowned]] any of that out? *(Rachel moves madly towards him)* No, all right, I see you later, okay... *(Turns away embarrassed)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Balcony, continued from earlier.

**Tag:** What did Joey say? I like you back?

**Rachel:** Uh, yeah, well, see, he… Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very [[Friends-词汇总表#insecure\|insecure]] about my back and, and…you're [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hugging]] me, so obviously you are not [[Friends-词汇总表#repulse\|repulsed]] by it, yeah!

**Tag:** Wait-wait a minute; that doesn't make any sense.

**Rachel:** No? *(He shakes his head)* All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attracted]] to you.

**Tag:** Wow. *(He starts to walk towards the railing.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah, I [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] it. I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]]. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.

**Tag:** *(looking at the street)* Oh my god! Those guys are stealing my car! *(He points down to the street)*

**Rachel:** What?

**Tag:** Right there! That's my car! *(Sound of a breaking car-window)* Hey!!

**Rachel:** Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]]?

**Tag:** I can't believe this! *(He walks back in again)*

**Rachel:** *(she hurries after him)* Wait, we still have time to talk and they’re-they're not even in the car yet! *(She takes a quick look down the street.)* Oh look, there they go, okay. *(She hurries in, too)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross' apartment, Monica and Phoebe sitting on the floor next to Clunkers basket.

**Monica:** Okay Phoebe, we should probably go back now.

**Phoebe:** *(doing Clunkers)* Please don't leave me, I'll be [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]].

**Monica:** Stop it. Stop! Okay let's go. We can be strong.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, okay.


> [!scene] They both get up and head for the door. Clunkers whines a little

**Monica:** Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! *(She goes back to Clunkers again)* Oooh, I can't leave her!

**Phoebe:** You know if you want, we can [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.

**Monica:** That's not gonna work.

**Phoebe:** I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart.

**Monica:** Hey! I didn't know either.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but you kinda knew that something was going on, didn't you?

**Monica:** Yeah, I knew.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's. Ross lays a lot off small papers, shaped like the U.S. states onto the floor making a map with the states. Phoebe enters

**Phoebe:** Where's Chandler?

**Chandler:** *(comes out of the bathroom)* Here I am.

**Phoebe:** Wash your hands!!!

**Chandler:** How did you…know? *(Heads back into the bathroom)*


> [!scene] Phoebe waves Monica in. Monica sneaks in with the bag with Clunkers in it and heads for Phoebe's room.

**Ross:** Hey! What's she doing back here?

**Monica:** Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]]!

**Ross:** Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|laid]] out the states [[Friends-词汇总表#geographically\|geographically]]...

**Phoebe:** *(interrupts him)* No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]].

**Ross:** Yeah, but, but look what I'm...

**Phoebe:** See, this is exactly what we do not have time for. *(She rushes into her room)*

**Chandler:** *(comes out of the bathroom)* Where's Monica?

**Ross:** Um, in Phoebe's room. You can't go in there.

**Chandler:** Why not?

*(We can hear the dog whining at a high pitch.)*

**Ross:** Monica's crying. She's very upset about this whole Clunkers thing.

**Chandler:** Well, I, I should go in there.

**Ross:** No. No, no. She doesn't want to see you right now.

**Chandler:** Why not?

**Ross:** Because you sent away the dog!

**Chandler:** This is [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]]. *(He heads for Phoebe's bedroom)*

**Ross:** Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decides]], he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend…Phyllis…take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Okay, I'm in my [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] pants. Bring on the food! *(Sees that Chandler has a worried look on his face)* What's the matter?

**Chandler:** Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.

**Joey:** So? Bring the dog back, you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, I can be a [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]], I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?

**Joey:** Chandler, it's like a big [[Friends-词汇总表#gerbil\|gerbil]].

**Chandler:** And that doesn't [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] you? *(He walks out)*

**Joey:** Ross, you need some help?

**Ross:** From you? *(He does a weird desperate laughter, like he's almost crying)* Yes, please!

**Joey:** *(sits down next to Ross)* First of all, Utah? Dude, you can't just make stuff up!


> [!scene] Time lapse, Ross still laying a lot out the states.

**Ross:** I hate America! When I finish this game, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] I am moving.


> [!scene] Joey stands up again. Rachel enters the door

**Joey:** Hey! Tag's still talking to the police.

**Rachel:** Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]]? *(In a girlish voice)* I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on you; I am [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attracted]] to you. *(Back to normal again)* Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out

**Joey:** If you said it like that, you probably did, yeah.


> [!scene] Rachel walks past Joey towards the couch

**Phoebe:** *(opens her bedroom door and peeks out)* Hey, is Chandler here?

**Chandler:** No, no he went for a walk.

**Phoebe:** Okay, but you cannot tell him... but look whose back!


> [!scene] The dog barks, runs out of Phoebe's room and jumps onto the couch

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Hi!

**Joey:** Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross' to bring the dog back here!

**Phoebe:** Oh no, the dog's not going to be there!

**Joey:** You think?


> [!scene] The door opens and Chandler comes in. Rachel covers the door with a blanket

**Monica:** Hi, honey.

**Chandler:** Please, please, please, don't be mad at me.

**Monica:** What? Why, why would...

**Phoebe:** *(interrupts her, to Monica)* Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.

**Chandler:** Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y’know, for you, and…*(Clears his throat)* I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]], all over the apartment, including the [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]], which FYI Ross, one of your [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbors]], growing [[Friends-词汇总表#weed\|weed]]. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go [[Friends-词汇总表#ease\|ease]] the pain. *(Points up and then over to the street)*

**Phoebe:** We have good news, look whose back!

**Rachel:** *(uncovers the dog)* Hi!

**Chandler:** Clunkers?! Oh my god!

**Monica:** That's right, she came back all by [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]].

**Phoebe:** It's a Thanksgiving [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]]!

**Chandler:** *(to Clunkers)* It is so good to see you!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climbed]] up the fire [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] and she [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tapped]] on the window with her [[Friends-词汇总表#teeny\|teeny]] little [[Friends-词汇总表#paw\|paw]] and then we ran to let her in…*(Realizes, that Chandler starts to not believing her)* I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?


> [!scene] Time lapse, after dinner. Ross stands up from his self-made map.

**Ross:** Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.

**Chandler:** It's up to you.


> [!scene] Ross whines and starts working again. The door opens and Tag enters.

**Rachel:** Oh, hi! How are you doing?

**Tag:** I'm okay. I gotta go down to the police station and look at [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mug]] shots.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Tag:** Thanks for having me over, you guys.

**Ross:** Tag? Y-You're going? *(Comes over to Tag)* Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?

**Tag:** Colorado.

**Ross:** Ah, what good are you. *(Walks back to his map dejectedly.)*


> [!scene] Rachel and Tag go into the hall.

**Rachel:** Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the [[Friends-词汇总表#terrace\|terrace]].

**Tag:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It—y’know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?

**Tag:** Um, I'm not.

**Rachel:** Oh, god, I know it, that I freaked you out.

**Tag:** No, you didn't. The only thing that freaked me out was you saying that nothing could ever happen between us.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Tag:** Yeah, so, please don't fire me for doing this. *(He kisses her)*

**Rachel:** Okay, well, that's one less thing we have to do on Monday. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, later that night, there is someone knocking on the door and Chandler stumbles out into the living room, turns on the light, looks through the peephole, and opens the door.

**Ross:** Delaware! *(Starting to cry.)* Delaware!

**Chandler:** All right.

**Ross:** *(hands Chandler his pad and walks in)* I want my [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] now!

**Chandler:** You got it. *(Starts looking at the pad, while Ross got the turkey out of the fridge and starts to unwrap and it)* You got Nevada [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]].

**Ross:** *(pauses)* I know.

**Chandler:** Yeah. *(Throws the pad on the table and heads for the bedroom)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 6 | 254 | 104 | *Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 4 | 92 | 55 | *Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 4 | 182 | 101 | *You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work togeth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 3 | 99 | 81 | *Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth?  I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you.  Gee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *What? You forgot fourteen states?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 2 | 115 | 97 | *Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my couch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he’s obviously depressed. He's away fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *Monica's crying. She's very upset about this whole Clunkers thing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *'Cause you invited your assistant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Ross, I'm gonna use yours, okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Don't worry, Chandler, it's not a globe of the United States.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously, it's moving!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell is in there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Ross’s apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a litt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *It hurts my teeth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Damn, I forgot you were here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Oh my god! Those guys are stealing my car!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *See, this is exactly what we do not have time for.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Monica's crying. She's very upset about this whole Clunkers thing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food!  What's the matter?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Please, please, please, don't be mad at me.* |

### 常用词（60）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 6 | 98 | 17 | *Hey everybody! Happy Thanksgiving!* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 3 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh that may be a New World's record* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 3 | 32 | 22 | *Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin’ ice cr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] | /di'liʃәs/ | a. 美味的 | n. variety of sweet eating apples | 2 | 26 | 18 | *Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oven\|oven]] | /'ʌvәn/ | n. 烤箱, 灶, 子宫 | n. kitchen appliance used for baking or roasting | 2 | 23 | 16 | *All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]] | /'pʌpi/ | n. 小狗, 小动物, 自负的年轻人 | n. a young dog | 2 | 22 | 12 | *Wait a minute. Do you not like all dogs? I mean, not even puppies?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 2 | 36 | 28 | *Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attract]] | /ә'trækt/ | vt. 吸引, 诱惑 | v. direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physi | 2 | 19 | 13 | *No?  All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 2 | 49 | 33 | *Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work togeth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]] | /'hiәrәu/ | n. 英雄, 超越常人者, 男主角 | n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength | 2 | 16 | 12 | *So? Bring the dog back, you're a hero.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *What, are we keeping Thanksgiving a secret this year?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourtee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Oh, I got tired of naming states. So I decided to list the types of celery, and I have one: regular * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *Say hello to the new champ of Chandler's dumb states game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 26 | 15 | *Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake,  but I still do.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] | /'lektʃә/ | n. 演讲, 谴责, 讲稿 | n. a speech that is open to the public | 1 | 15 | 10 | *You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] | /im'pɒsәbl/ | a. 不可能的, 难以置信的, 令人无法忍受的 | n. something that cannot be done | 1 | 19 | 17 | *What? That's impossible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 1 | 23 | 19 | *But the drawer full of take-out menus is okay, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] | /pai/ | n. 馅饼, 财富, 总额, 贪污受贿, 杂乱, 喜鹊 | n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top | 1 | 35 | 15 | *That's my pie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my couch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] | /lik/ | n. 舔, 少许, 打 | n. touching with the tongue | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and [Cut to Monica’s apartment] he's sitting next to R* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just cl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] | /θrәut/ | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音 | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just cl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Right, they are scary.  Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *Right, they are scary.  Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1 | 24 | 17 | *It hurts my teeth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cow\|cow]] | /kau/ | n. 母牛, 母兽 | n. female of domestic cattle: "`moo-cow' is a child's term" | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depress]] | /di'pres/ | vt. 使沮丧, 压低, 降低, 使萧条 | v. lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he’s obviously depressed. He's away fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] | /'streindʒә/ | n. 陌生人, 门外汉 | n. anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he’s obviously depressed. He's away fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Well, what is a boss for? Hug it out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Well, what is a boss for? Hug it out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 1 | 40 | 26 | *Street noise drowned any of that out?  No, all right, I see you later, okay...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work togeth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chest\|chest]] | /tʃest/ | n. 胸, 胸部, 衣柜, 箱子 | n. box with a lid; used for storage; usually large and sturdy | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your chest?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneak\|sneak]] | /sni:k/ | vi. 鬼鬼祟祟做事 | n. a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible | 1 | 15 | 14 | *You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Wash your hands!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ridiculous\|ridiculous]] | /ri'dikjulәs/ | a. 荒谬的, 可笑的 | s inspiring scornful pity | 1 | 40 | 34 | *This is ridiculous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food!  What's the matter?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] | /skєә/ | n. 惊吓, 恐慌 | n. a sudden attack of fear | 1 | 21 | 20 | *And that doesn't scare you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving.* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth?  I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you.  Gee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth?  I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you.  Gee* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 1 | 25 | 21 | *Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y’know, for you, and… I left the door o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]] | /ru:f/ | n. 屋顶, 室顶 | n. a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building | 1 | 18 | 12 | *Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y’know, for you, and… I left the door o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neighbor\|neighbor]] | /'neibә/ | n. 邻居 | n. a person who lives (or is located) near another | 1 | 19 | 12 | *Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y’know, for you, and… I left the door o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 1 | 27 | 23 | *That's right, she came back all by herself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]] | /'mirәkl/ | n. 奇迹, 奇事 | n. any amazing or wonderful occurrence | 1 | 20 | 11 | *It's a Thanksgiving miracle!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] | /i'skeip/ | n. 逃亡, 避难设备, 逃跑 | n. the act of escaping physically | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] | /'tæp/ | n. 轻打, 水龙头 | n. a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dan | 1 | 20 | 16 | *Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 1 | 51 | 20 | *I want my turkey now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *You got it.  You got Nevada twice.* |

### 低频词（46）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clunkers\|clunkers]] | /ˈklʌŋkəz/ | n. 年久失修的旧机器( clunker的名词复数 ) |  | 6 | 6 | 1 | *Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait.  Hello, my name is Clunkers. May * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#allergic\|allergic]] | /ә'lә:dʒik/ | a. 对...过敏的, 极反感的 | a. characterized by or caused by allergy | 4 | 12 | 6 | *Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celery\|celery]] | /'selәri/ | n. 芹菜 | n. widely cultivated herb with aromatic leaf stalks that are eaten raw or cooked | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh, I got tired of naming states. So I decided to list the types of celery, and I have one: regular * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#globe\|globe]] | /glәub/ | n. 球, 球状物, 地球仪, 天体 | n. a sphere on which a map (especially of the earth) is represented | 3 | 6 | 3 | *You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]] | /'fɒ:'ti:n/ | num. 十四, 十四个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of thirteen and one | 2 | 11 | 8 | *Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourtee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pumpkin\|pumpkin]] | /'pʌmpkin/ | n. 南瓜 | n. a coarse vine widely cultivated for its large pulpy round orange fruit with f | 2 | 10 | 7 | *Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delaware\|delaware]] | /'delәweә/ | n. 特拉华(美国州名) | n. a river that rises in the Catskills in southeastern New York and flows southw | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Delaware!  Delaware!* |
| shhhh |  | 嘘（语气词） |  | 1 | 8 | 8 | *No, no, no. No-no-no. Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe: Shhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insanely\|insanely]] |  | adv. 精神错乱地, 疯狂地, 极其愚蠢地, 脱离实际地 | r. in an insane manner | 1 | 5 | 5 | *What? That's like insanely easy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champ\|champ]] | /tʃæmp/ | v. 大声地嚼, 格格地咬 | v. chafe at the bit, like horses | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Say hello to the new champ of Chandler's dumb states game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disgraceful\|disgraceful]] | /dis'greisful/ | a. 可耻的, 不名誉的 | s. giving offense to moral sensibilities and injurious to reputation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colorful\|colorful]] | /'kʌlәful/ | a. 华美的, 富有色彩的, 有趣的 | a. having striking color | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magellan\|magellan]] | /mә'^elәn, -'dʒelәn/ | ,Strait of 麦哲伦海峡(在南美洲大陆南端和火地岛等岛屿之间,沟通太平洋和大西洋) | n. Portuguese navigator in the service of Spain; he commanded an expedition that | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#educate\|educate]] | /'edjukeit/ | vt. 教育, 培养, 训练 | v. give an education to | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knit\|knit]] | /nit/ | v. 编织, 结合 | n. a fabric made by knitting | 1 | 6 | 4 | *It's just my knitting that's all!  Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#residence\|residence]] | /'rezidәns/ | n. 住宅, 居留, 驻扎, 居住期间 | n. any address at which you dwell more than temporarily | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Hi Geller-Bing residence. How can I help?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]] | /su:/ | vt. 控告, 起诉, 请求 | n. French writer whose novels described the sordid side of city life (1804-1857) | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shaggy\|shaggy]] | /'ʃægi/ | a. 毛发蓬乱的, 粗浓的, 草木丛生的 | s used of hair; thick and poorly groomed | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and [Cut to Monica’s apartment] he's sitting next to R* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bark\|bark]] | /bɑ:k/ | n. 树皮, 吠声 | n. tough protective covering of the woody stems and roots of trees and other woo | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cough\|cough]] | /kɒf/ | n. 咳嗽 | n. a sudden noisy expulsion of air from the lungs that clears the air passages;  | 1 | 7 | 5 | *No that's just me coughing!  Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] | /ik'stri:mli/ | adv. 极端地, 非常地 | r. to an extreme degree | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just cl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odd\|odd]] | /ɒd/ | a. 奇数的, 古怪的, 剩余的, 零散的, 各种各样的, 少量的 | a. not divisible by two | 1 | 4 | 4 | *That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reaction\|reaction]] | /ri'ækʃәn/ | n. 反应, 反作用, 反动 | n. an idea evoked by some experience | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allerg* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#needy\|needy]] | /'ni:di/ | a. 贫穷的, 贫困的, 生活艰苦的 | n. needy people collectively | 1 | 9 | 5 | *They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a litt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jumpy\|jumpy]] | /'dʒʌmpi/ | a. 跳跃的, 跳动的, 神经质的 | s being in a tense state | 1 | 1 | 1 | *They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a litt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#likin\|likin]] | /'li:'ki:n/ | <汉>n.厘金(旧时中国的一种商业税, 主要由水陆交通要道的关卡征收) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin’ ice cr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moo\|moo]] | /mu:/ | vi. 发哞声 | n. the sound made by a cow or bull | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, t* |
| hmmmm |  | [网络] 恩；醚化；孤独啊 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah. Hmmmm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] | /'kɒnstәntli/ | adv. 不变地, 不断地, 时常地 | r. without variation or change, in every case | 1 | 7 | 7 | *No…Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it…it has to work out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrify\|terrify]] | /'terifai/ | vt. 使恐惧, 恐吓 | v. fill with terror; frighten greatly | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No…Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it…it has to work out* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drown]] | /draun/ | vi. 淹死 | v. get rid of as if by submerging | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Street noise drowned any of that out?  No, all right, I see you later, okay...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insecure\|insecure]] | /.insi'kjuә/ | a. 不安全的, 不牢靠的, 不坚固的, 不稳定的 | a. not firm or firmly fixed; likely to fail or give way | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Uh, yeah, well, see, he… Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and…you're huggin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repulse\|repulse]] | /ri'pʌls/ | n. 击退, 拒绝 | n an instance of driving away or warding off | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh, yeah, well, see, he… Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and…you're huggin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lonely\|lonely]] | /'lәunli/ | a. 孤单的, 孤寂的, 荒凉的 | s. marked by dejection from being alone | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Please don't leave me, I'll be lonely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geographically\|geographically]] |  | [计] 自通地 | r. with respect to geography | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rover\|rover]] | /'rәuvә/ | n. 漂泊者, 流浪者, 海盗 | n. an adult member of the Boy Scouts movement | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gerbil\|gerbil]] | /'dʒ\\:bil/ | [医] 沙土鼠(南非传播鼠疫的啮齿动物) | n. small Old World burrowing desert rodent with long soft pale fur and hind legs | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#utah\|utah]] | /'ju:tɑ:/ | n. 犹他 | n. a state in the western United States; settled in 1847 by Mormons led by Brigh | 1 | 2 | 2 | *First of all, Utah? Dude, you can't just make stuff up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fyi\|fyi]] |  | 供参考 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y’know, for you, and… I left the door o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weed\|weed]] | /wi:d/ | n. 杂草, 野草 | n. any plant that crowds out cultivated plants | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y’know, for you, and… I left the door o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ease\|ease]] | /i:z/ | n. 安乐, 安逸, 悠闲 | n. freedom from difficulty or hardship or effort | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y’know, for you, and… I left the door o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeny\|teeny]] | /'ti:ni/ | a. 极小的, 小小的 | s (used informally) very small | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paw\|paw]] | /pɒ:/ | n. 爪 | n. a clawed foot of an animal especially a quadruped | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mug]] | /mʌg/ | n. 有柄大杯, 脸, 苦读者 | n. the quantity that can be held in a mug | 1 | 14 | 7 | *I'm okay. I gotta go down to the police station and look at mug shots.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrace\|terrace]] | /'terәs/ | n. 阶地, 梯田, 房屋之平顶, 阳台, 沿岸防地, 露台 | n. a level shelf of land interrupting a declivity (with steep slopes above and b | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nevada\|nevada]] | /ni'vædә/ | n. 内华达 | n. a state in the southwestern United States | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You got it.  You got Nevada twice.* |
