---
season: 7
episode: "07"
title: "The One With Ross&#146;s Book"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E07 — The One With Ross&#146;s Book

*Written by: Scott Silveri Directed by: David Schwimmer*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is eating breakfast as Rachel enters having just woken up.

**Joey:** Morning!

**Rachel:** Hi! Oh, how was your date last night?

**Joey:** Pretty good.

**Rachel:** Oh good. *(She walks to the closed bathroom door, opens it, and finds a naked woman wrapped in a towel.)* Ahhh! My God, sorry! *(She closes the door and confronts Joey.)*

**Joey:** Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I’m late for work.

**Rachel:** What-what?! You’re gonna leave this person with me?!

**Joey:** Yeah—Hey, don’t worry, she’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] girl. And hey listen, could you do me a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]? When she comes out could you just [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] that I’m not looking for a serious relationship; that’d be great.

**Rachel:** Why?! What?! Are you kidding?!

**Joey:** Just [[Friends-词汇总表#casually\|casually]] [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] it in, y’know [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#groundwork\|groundwork]]. Tell her uh, I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#loner\|loner]]—No! An [[Friends-词汇总表#outlaw\|outlaw]]! Tell her she doesn’t want to get mixed up with the likes of me.

**Rachel:** Y’know what? That’s a lot to remember, can’t I just tell her you’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]]?

**Joey:** Hey, I’m gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He’d even make the girl [[Friends-词汇总表#pancake\|pancakes]]! Plus, he’d make extras and leave ‘em for me.

**Rachel:** Well forget it, I’m not telling that girl anything. That is not my responsibility.

**Joey:** Fine! *(Pause)* Now, where’d we land on those [[Friends-词汇总表#pancake\|pancakes]]? *(She chases him out the door as his date emerges from the bathroom.)* Joey’s Date: Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi. Joey’s Date: Sorry about that, but I couldn’t get that [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] to work on the door.

**Rachel:** Yeah, Joey kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#disable\|disabled]] it when I moved in. Joey’s Date: You must be Rachel, I’m Erin.

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Erin:** Hi. I don’t mean this to sound like high school, but did he say anything about me?

**Rachel:** *(pause)* Would you like some [[Friends-词汇总表#pancake\|pancakes]]?


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: N.Y.U’s University Library, Ross is entering with Chandler.

**Chandler:** …Come on! Why are we here?!

**Ross:** Okay, okay take a guess.

*(An old woman pushes a cart full of books past.)*

**Chandler:** The hot [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chicks]]?

**Ross:** Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y’know-y’know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My [[Friends-词汇总表#doctoral\|doctoral]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dissertation\|dissertation]]! It’s here! Yeah, it’s right-it’s right down here! In the [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] library in the university! *(They start heading that way, towards a secluded section behind the racks.)*

**Chandler:** Wow that’s actually pretty cool.

**Ross:** *(stopping quickly)* Oh umm, there’s also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina. *(They both laugh, but stop when the hear moaning coming from the next aisle.)* What is that?

**Chandler:** Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey [[Friends-词汇总表#decimal\|decimal]] system.

*(They go around the last row of bookshelves and find a couple doing what college coeds do in secluded corners of university libraries. For those of you who don’t know what I’m talking about, let’s just say that clothing is undone. Ross gasps and the couple gets up and runs away.)*

**Female Student:** *(as they are moving past Ross)* I’m so sorry!

**Male Student:** Sorry!

**Chandler:** You didn’t bring me here to do that, did you?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s Restaurant Kitchen, Monica is cooking as a waitress enters carrying a plate of food that has been sent back.

**Monica:** She sent the [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] back again?!

**The Waitress:** She says it’s to dry now and she wants to come back here and explain to you exactly how she wants it.

**Monica:** Well fine! I want to meet this [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] expert! Send the Colonel in!

*(The waitress lets her in as Monica is about to throw a lobster into a pot of boiling water (Although, she hasn’t taken off the rubber bands that hold the claws, so she can’t be that good of a chef). Anyway, guess who the Colonel is by the following phrase.)*

**The Colonel:** OH…MY…GAWD!!!! *(Yep, it’s Janice.)*

**Monica:** *(to the lobster)* Lucky [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]]! *(Throws the lobster in and turns around to face the planet’s most annoying woman, next to Dr. Laura and Kathy Lee Gifford of course. She’s the most annoying female TV character however.)* Janice.

**Janice:** How are you Ms. Hot Shot [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] with the big [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] restaurant with the best [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] ever! *(Does the laugh.)*

**Monica:** I’m fine.

**Janice:** *(notices Monica’s engagement ring)* Ohh! What is that on your [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]]?! I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]]!

**Monica:** Oh… Uh…

**Janice:** So, who’s the lucky guy?


> [!scene] Cut to Monica and Chandler’s just after Monica has finished telling Chandler what happened.

**Chandler:** OH…MY…GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn’t tell her we were getting married, did you?

**Monica:** Well, she saw the ring.

**Chandler:** Did she freak out?

**Monica:** Well, she was [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shocked]] when I told her, but then again so were most people.

**Chandler:** Right.

**Monica:** Well, she actually has a boyfriend y’know [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]], named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.

**Chandler:** *(laughs)* You said no right?

**Monica:** Huh?

**Chandler:** You said no right?!

**Monica:** Well, she [[Friends-词汇总表#corn\|corned]] me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!

**Chandler:** Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check’s in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can’t wait to read your book Ross!!

**Monica:** Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won’t be so bad.

**Chandler:** What do you think she’s just gonna sit there [[Friends-词汇总表#quietly\|quietly]]? You don’t think she’s gonna want to make a [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]]? You don’t think she’s gonna want to grab the [[Friends-词汇总表#microphone\|microphone]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] Part-time Lover?!

**Monica:** Oh my God, she’s not gonna like the [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] that night either is she?!

**Chandler:** Y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. Y’know what? She’s probably not gonna even want to come.

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** No! That was a lie! See how easy that was?

**Monica:** So-so you would’ve just lied?

**Chandler:** Yes!!

**Monica:** Would it really have been that easy?

**Chandler:** Yes!!!

**Monica:** Good, so do it Saturday night because we’re going to dinner with her and Clark.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is coming back from work to find Phoebe, Rachel, and someone else with her back turned is there.

**Joey:** Hey! What’s up? Phoebe and Rachel: Hey!

**Joey:** Hey-hey, who’s your friend? *(Erin turns around to face Joey, startling him)* Hey!!

**Erin:** Hey Joey!

**Joey:** Erin! Still here!

**Rachel:** Yeah, we ended up spending the day together and had such a great time!

**Joey:** Why wouldn’t ya? Erin is great! Then-then there’s you guys.

**Erin:** Ohh, listen. I’ve got to get going. Today was great, thanks!

**Rachel:** I know!

**Phoebe:** Okay!

**Erin:** Bye Joey. *(Kisses him.)* Last night was fun.

**Joey:** Yeah. I’ll uh, I’ll call ya.

**Rachel:** Oh and I’ll call ya too!

**Erin:** Or I’ll call you!

**Phoebe:** And call me!

**Joey:** *(to Erin)* Okay, good to see you again.

**Erin:** Bye.

**Joey:** Bye-bye.

**Rachel:** Bye!

*(Joey closes the door behind her.)*

**Joey:** So, system kinda broke down huh?!

**Rachel:** Oh Joey, I’m sorry I just couldn’t tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y’know we got to talking and I…

**Phoebe:** We want you to marry her!

**Joey:** What?!!

**Phoebe:** She is so amazing! You have no idea.

**Joey:** No idea? Who do you think brought her here?

**Rachel:** Cupid.

**Phoebe:** Joey, she’s so cool. She speaks four languages.

**Joey:** Man, do you know what guys want!

**Rachel:** Look Joey, come on she’s so perfect for you! I mean she’s sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]] at [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Joey:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]]?! Look you guys, she’s a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just—I don’t see it going [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but you always say that.

**Rachel:** Yeah, maybe if you gave this girl a chance it would go [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]].

**Joey:** Look I’m sorry you guys, I-I just don’t think so.

**Phoebe:** Whatever.

**Rachel:** Fine. *(They start to walk away.)*

**Joey:** Hey, don’t start [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judging]] me! *(To Rachel)* Huh? You’re the one who’s in love with her assistant! *(To Phoebe)* Huh? And you, you’re the one having the [[Friends-词汇总表#affair\|affair]] with the guy who keeps the [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeons]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]]!

**Rachel:** Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** Secret [[Friends-词汇总表#affair\|affair]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel and Joey are there as Ross enters.

**Ross:** People are doing it in front of my book!

**Rachel:** I’m sorry?

**Ross:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#doctoral\|doctoral]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dissertation\|dissertation]] is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students [[Friends-词汇总表#makin\|makin]]’ babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!

**Rachel:** Oh my God! Did you get to see anything good?

**Ross:** Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] around.

**Rachel:** Yeah, there was. It was—there the corner of the library where-where all these [[Friends-词汇总表#dusty\|dusty]] books that nobody ever read—Yes, there was.

**Ross:** Great! Because people kept showing up, I think it’s like uh-a thing!

**Joey:** Now hold on a second, [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] floor against that back wall?

**Ross:** Oh for cryin’ out [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]! *(He storms out.)*

**Joey:** All right, so we should go catch our movie.

**Rachel:** Well now what’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]]?

**Joey:** I like to see the [[Friends-词汇总表#preview\|previews]]. *(Rachel looks at him.)* The [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]].

**Phoebe:** *(entering with Erin)* Oh. Hey!

**Rachel:** Well look who’s here!

**Erin:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Erin:** Joey.

**Joey:** Erin.

**Erin:** Hey Rachel.

**Rachel:** Hi! Well, we were just about to take off and see a movie. Oh no!

**Erin:** What’s wrong?

**Rachel:** Oh Phoebe, we forgot that party we have to go to.

**Phoebe:** Oh no.

**Joey:** *(skeptical)* What party? Phoebe and Rachel: A [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] party.

**Joey:** Who’s [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] party? Phoebe and Rachel: Allison’s birthday party.

**Joey:** *(still skeptical)* Oh, and how is Allison? Phoebe and Rachel: 32. *(Joey’s not buying it.)*

**Rachel:** *(does a retching sound)* Wait a minute! Why don’t you guys do something?!

**Joey:** *(still skeptical)* Yeah, look how that worked out.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Library, Ross enters and heads to the desk to talk to the male librarian on duty.

**Ross:** Excuse me. Hi, I’m a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] floor, [[Friends-词汇总表#stack\|stack]] 437?

**The Librarian:** Well, yes! Just give me five minutes, I just have to find someone to cover my shift.

**Ross:** No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?! *(The librarian brings his boss over.)*

**The Head Librarian:** How can I help you?

**Ross:** Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolling]] around in front of it.

**The Head Librarian:** We are aware of the problem you are referring too. *(He turns to look at the previous librarian.)* But as far as increasing security, I’m afraid the library is very understaffed. I, I can’t help you.

**Ross:** Well, fine. Fine! If-if I’m the only person with any [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciation\|appreciation]] of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sanctity\|sanctity]] of the written word, I’ll go up there and [[Friends-词汇总表#defend\|defend]] it myself! *(Starts to do so, but stops and to the previous librarian)* And don’t you follow me!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel and Phoebe are doing dishes as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** How did it go with Erin?

**Joey:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]! We had the best time!

**Phoebe:** Yay!! Oh so, you’re not, you’re not mad at us anymore?

**Joey:** No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y’know? That was so [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]], we were really [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]].

**Phoebe:** Didn’t you sleep together?

**Joey:** Yeah that really [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calms]] me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwiches]], sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that’s a…

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Oh my God! Listen to you [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]]’ about having kids. Oh my Joey. *(She goes over and hugs him.)* Oh, please don’t get married before I do.

**Joey:** Okay.


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Chandler are on their date with Janice and Clark, however Clark is a no show and Janice is crying the Mississippi River about it.

**Janice:** Oh. Oh I just cannot believe Clark stood me up!

**Monica:** He might still show up.

**Janice:** Oh, what are you, stupid? It’s been three hours.

**Monica:** Is that all?

**Janice:** I should just go on to [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] things, okay? Umm, why don’t you tell about your [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] wedding?

**Chandler:** Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it’s going to be a small [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]]. Uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]]! We’re not even sure why we’re having it.

**Monica:** It’s actually going to be just family.

**Janice:** Oh…wait…you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]]; do you want me to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] Careless Whisper or Lady In Red?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is entering and arguing baseball with Erin. Phoebe and Rachel are already there.

**Joey:** How can you say that?! The Mets have no [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]]!

**Erin:** What about Benitez?

**Joey:** What about Game 1 of the Series?

**Erin:** What about [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up?

**Joey:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up! *(To Phoebe and Rachel)* I love [[Friends-词汇总表#argue\|arguing]] with her. *(To Erin)* I’ll be right back.

**Erin:** Okay. *(Joey goes to get some coffee and Erin sits down.)*

**Rachel:** So how’s it goin’ with Joey?

**Erin:** Uh, okay.

**Rachel:** Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.

**Erin:** Look, he’s a really great guy and I know that you really want this to work out, but I just don’t see this having a future.

**Rachel:** But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!

**Erin:** Kinda.

**Phoebe:** Then change it back!

**Erin:** I’m sorry I… It’s just there’s no real [[Friends-词汇总表#spark\|spark]].

**Phoebe:** No [[Friends-词汇总表#spark\|spark]]? Didn’t you sleep together?

**Erin:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Ugh, [[Friends-词汇总表#tramp\|tramp]]!

**Phoebe:** Does Joey have any idea?

**Erin:** I really don’t think he does. And y’know what? Maybe you guys could help [[Friends-词汇总表#clue\|clue]] him in. Y’know, tell him I’m-I’m not interested in a serious relationship or something.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, you mean like that you’re kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#loner\|loner]].

**Erin:** Yeah! That would be great!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, and maybe that you’re a real *(She says something in Italian, and it doesn’t matter what she said. It’s not important so I don’t need everyone who speaks Italian telling me what she said.)*

**Erin:** I’m sorry?

**Phoebe:** Oh well, I guess Italian isn’t one of the four languages you speak.

**Joey:** *(returning)* Hey! You wanna go?

**Erin:** Yeah, let’s go.

**Joey:** Okay. See you guys later.

**Erin:** Bye guys.

**Rachel:** Yeah, see ya.

**Joey:** *(whispers to Phoebe and Rachel)* Hey, thank you so much. *(They both exit.)*

**Rachel:** Wow. Well, I guess it was Cupid who brought her here.

**Phoebe:** No, just a regular old [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dwarf\|dwarf]].


> [!scene] Scene: The library’s Paleontology section, Ross is patrolling as a couple walks up.

**Ross:** Yes? Yes?! How can I help you?

**Guy:** Yeah, we were…we were just looking around.

**Ross:** Oh-oh, you’re-you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#fellow\|fellow]] [[Friends-词汇总表#scholar\|scholars]]. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps, *(Grabs a book from the shelf behind him)* perhaps Dr. Chester Stock’s [[Friends-词汇总表#musing\|musings]] on the Smiledon Californicus?

**Guy:** Uhh….

**Ross:** Ah… Ah…Get out of here! *(The couple retreats. Ross starts looking through the previously mentioned book as a beautiful woman walks into the section.)* Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] up on Marion’s views on [[Friends-词汇总表#evolution\|evolution]]?

**Woman:** Uh, actually I find Marion’s views far to [[Friends-词汇总表#progressionist\|progressionist]].

**Ross:** I find Marion’s views far to [[Friends-词汇总表#progressionist\|progressionist]].

**Woman:** I’m sorry, who are you?

**Ross:** I’m a professor here uh, Ross…Geller.

**Woman:** Ross Geller, why do I know that name? It’s uh—Wait! *(Grabs his book off of the shelf.)* Did you write this?

**Ross:** Yes! You’re the person who checked out my book?!

**Woman:** Y’know, you look nothing like I would’ve thought. You’re…you’re so young.

**Ross:** Well I uh, I skipped [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] grade.


> [!scene] Time Lapse, Ross and the woman are now in a state of partial undress and are standing in front of the head librarian with two security guards watching them.

**Ross:** I am very…very sorry.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Phoebe and Rachel are watching TV as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** So how was, how was your date?

**Joey:** Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] place, [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#milkshake\|milkshake]], 70/30 but still… And guess what, I’m thinking about taking her [[Friends-词汇总表#upstate\|upstate]] to one of those bed and breakfasts.

**Phoebe:** Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?

**Joey:** No-no-no-no-no! It’s a surprise, but it’s gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#tricky\|tricky]] thought because she said she was gonna be pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] at work for a while. Phoebe and Rachel: Oh no, yeah.

**Rachel:** Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] from her today that uh, she’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]]’ for a serious relationship.

**Joey:** Where are you [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]]’ this?

**Rachel:** Well, she told me. She said she’s kinda a [[Friends-词汇总表#loner\|loner]].

**Joey:** Oh. Oh.

**Rachel:** Joey…

**Joey:** No hey Rach, it’s cool okay? Y’know I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#loner\|loner]] too! *(Heads for his room.)* Right?

**Phoebe:** Hey Joey, y’know what? You are way to good for her.

**Rachel:** Yeah and honey I promise next time that I will just say good-bye and tell ‘em you’re not looking for a relationship.

**Joey:** No! No. Don’t do that, just next time make sure she really likes me.

**Rachel:** Well that too. *(Joey goes into his room.)* Joey?

**Joey:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** Do you want some [[Friends-词汇总表#pancake\|pancakes]]?

**Joey:** *(coming back out)* Finally!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler and Monica are sitting at the kitchen table and are still trying to decide what to do about Janice.

**Monica:** What are we gonna do?

**Chandler:** I say we go with Careless Whisper.

*(There’s a knock on the door and Janice enters.)*

**Janice:** Chandler?

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Did she see us yet? Did she see us?

**Monica:** Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?

**Janice:** Well umm, I thought I was going to go back to my apartment but then I just felt I couldn’t really be alone tonight. *(Joey walks into view of the open door behind Janice, sees her, gets a terrified look on his face, and flees in horror.)* I was wondering if I could maybe stay here with you, just I really feel that I need to be with family.

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t they?

**Janice:** Please, it’s because otherwise I really don’t know what I might do.

**Chandler:** Aren’t you just a tinsy [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]]?

**Janice:** *(starting to cry)* Do you have any [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissues]]?

**Monica:** Yeah, in-in-in the bathroom.

**Janice:** Okay! *(She runs for the bathroom)*

**Monica:** We’ll just…we’ll just let her stay.

**Chandler:** No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]!

**Monica:** Kinda like your Barca [[Friends-词汇总表#lounger\|lounger]].

**Chandler:** Is that what you’re thinking about right now?

**Monica:** I never stop thinking about it.

**Janice:** Hey you guys, umm do either one of you want to get in there before I take my [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]].

**Chandler:** Janice, I’m sorry but umm, you can’t stay here tonight.

**Janice:** Why not?

**Chandler:** Honestly? Our apartment is a [[Friends-词汇总表#hotbed\|hotbed]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#electromagnetic\|electromagnetic]] activity. Now Monica and I have been [[Friends-词汇总表#immunize\|immunized]], but [[Friends-词汇总表#sadly\|sadly]] you have not.

*(And she does the laugh.)*

**Janice:** Okay, I’m going to need a [[Friends-词汇总表#comforter\|comforter]], but did you have a [[Friends-词汇总表#hypoallergenic\|hypoallergenic]] one because otherwise I get very [[Friends-词汇总表#nasal\|nasal]]. *(Makes some weird sound)* Do you have a cat? ‘Cause it’s already happening. *(Makes a nasal sound)* Do you hear that? *(She keeps making the nasal sound.)*

*(Chandler does the same nasal sound to Chandler.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!

**Janice:** Why?

**Monica:** Because Chandler still has [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for you!

**Janice:** He does?

**Chandler:** Say again?

**Monica:** That’s right. That’s right. And that is why you can’t stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn’t come to the wedding.

**Chandler:** Feelings, such strong [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]].

**Monica:** I mean, I realize that his [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] may never completely go away, but you can.

**Janice:** Oh…my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I’ll go. *(Starts for the door.)* Good-bye Monica *(hugs her)*, I wish you a [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]] with him. Chandler, *(hugs him)* you call me when this goes in the [[Friends-词汇总表#pooper\|pooper]]. *(Hurries out.)* Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: The library’s Paleontology section, Ross is on patrol and stops a security guard through the stack of books.

**Ross:** *(to the guard)* Don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] it, I’ve got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I’ve got this little baby *(Turns on a mini-flashlight)* to [[Friends-词汇总表#shine\|shine]] in people’s eye—*(The guard walks away)*—Okay, see you later.

*(Ross resumes his patrol when his best friend and sister walk up and start to take off their coats, but they stop when they see him.)*

**Chandler:** I just wanted to show Monica your book. *(Ross just glares at him.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（39）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 5 | 442 | 191 | *Okay, okay take a guess.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 4 | 281 | 110 | *Bye Joey.  Last night was fun.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 2 | 68 | 52 | *Lucky bastard!  Janice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *OH…MY…GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn’t tell her we were getting married, did yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 2 | 109 | 81 | *Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check’s in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can’t wait to read you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 2 | 70 | 61 | *No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 2 | 99 | 84 | *Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Didn’t you sleep together?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Well umm, I thought I was going to go back to my apartment but then I just felt I couldn’t really be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I’m late for work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Yeah—Hey, don’t worry, she’s a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she come* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Why?! What?! Are you kidding?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Well forget it, I’m not telling that girl anything. That is not my responsibility.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y’know-y’know for fun, and I typed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Did she freak out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Well, she actually has a boyfriend y’know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Well, she actually has a boyfriend y’know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check’s in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can’t wait to read you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *What do you think she’s just gonna sit there quietly? You don’t think she’s gonna want to make a toa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *What do you think she’s just gonna sit there quietly? You don’t think she’s gonna want to make a toa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Good, so do it Saturday night because we’re going to dinner with her and Clark.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Yeah, we ended up spending the day together and had such a great time!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *She is so amazing! You have no idea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Whatever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *All right, so we should go catch our movie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me. Hi, I’m a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Yay!! Oh so, you’re not, you’re not mad at us anymore?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Yay!! Oh so, you’re not, you’re not mad at us anymore?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y’k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Oh, what are you, stupid? It’s been three hours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Oh…wait…you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be honest; do you wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Oh-oh, you’re-you’re fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps,  perhaps Dr. * |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *I’m a professor here uh, Ross…Geller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *No-no-no-no-no! It’s a surprise, but it’s gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Yeah and honey I promise next time that I will just say good-bye and tell ‘em you’re not looking for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Yeah, in-in-in the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.* |

### 常用词（68）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 4 | 74 | 39 | *She sent the chicken back again?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 4 | 76 | 44 | *Because Chandler still has feelings for you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n. the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 3 | 19 | 13 | *My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students maki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 3 | 152 | 44 | *What party? Phoebe and Rachel: A birthday party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] | /'ɒnist/ | a. 诚实的, 坦直的, 可靠的 | a. not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent | 2 | 29 | 26 | *Hey, I’m gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He’d even make the girl p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 2 | 27 | 23 | *Well, she actually has a boyfriend y’know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 2 | 75 | 45 | *What do you think she’s just gonna sit there quietly? You don’t think she’s gonna want to make a toa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 2 | 59 | 37 | *Look Joey, come on she’s so perfect for you! I mean she’s sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] | /fifθ/ | num. 第五, 五分之一 | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon | 2 | 20 | 15 | *Now hold on a second, fifth floor against that back wall?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whisper]] | /'hwispә/ | n. 耳语, 密谈, 谣传, 沙沙声 | n. speaking softly without vibration of the vocal cords | 2 | 11 | 10 | *Oh…wait…you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be honest; do you wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren’t they?* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Oh good.  Ahhh! My God, sorry!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrific\|terrific]] | /tә'rifik/ | a. 非常好的, 极端的, 可怕的 | s. very great or intense | 1 | 20 | 18 | *Yeah—Hey, don’t worry, she’s a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she come* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Yeah—Hey, don’t worry, she’s a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she come* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Yeah—Hey, don’t worry, she’s a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she come* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] | /slip/ | n. 滑, 滑行, 事故, 溜, 差错, 滑台, 下降, 插条, 后裔, 板条, 瘦长的年轻人 | n. a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed in speech or writing or in small | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Just casually slip it in, y’know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I’m a loner—No! An outlaw! Tell he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Just casually slip it in, y’know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I’m a loner—No! An outlaw! Tell he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Hi. Joey’s Date: Sorry about that, but I couldn’t get that lock to work on the door.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chick\|chick]] | /tʃik/ | n. 小鸡, 小鸟, 竹帘 | n. young bird especially of domestic fowl | 1 | 40 | 22 | *The hot chicks?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y’know-y’know for fun, and I typed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Lucky bastard!  Janice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 1 | 56 | 27 | *How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Ohh! What is that on your finger?! I’m blind!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Ohh! What is that on your finger?! I’m blind!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shock]] | /ʃɒk/ | n. 震动, 冲突, 震惊, 冲击, 突击, 禾束堆, 休克, 长毛狗 | n. the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 1 | 40 | 18 | *What do you think she’s just gonna sit there quietly? You don’t think she’s gonna want to make a toa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *What do you think she’s just gonna sit there quietly? You don’t think she’s gonna want to make a toa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Look Joey, come on she’s so perfect for you! I mean she’s sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anywhere\|anywhere]] | /'enihwєә/ | adv. 无论何处 | r. at or in or to any place; (`anyplace' is used informally for `anywhere') | 1 | 26 | 20 | *My beers?! Look you guys, she’s a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just—I don’t see i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *Yeah, maybe if you gave this girl a chance it would go somewhere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *Hey, don’t start judging me!  Huh? You’re the one who’s in love with her assistant!  Huh? And you, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]] | /'pidʒin/ | n. 鸽子, 易上当受骗的人, 年轻女子 | n. wild and domesticated birds having a heavy body and short legs | 1 | 18 | 12 | *Hey, don’t start judging me!  Huh? You’re the one who’s in love with her assistant!  Huh? And you, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roof\|roof]] | /ru:f/ | n. 屋顶, 室顶 | n. a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building | 1 | 18 | 12 | *Hey, don’t start judging me!  Huh? You’re the one who’s in love with her assistant!  Huh? And you, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Secret affair!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fool\|fool]] | /fu:l/ | n. 愚人, 受骗者, 奶油拌水果 | n. a person who lacks good judgment | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *Oh for cryin’ out loud!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Well now what’s the rush?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] | /'kændi/ | n. 糖果, 冰糖 | n. a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts | 1 | 57 | 23 | *I like to see the previews.  The candy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Oh, unbelievable! We had the best time!* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!! Oh so, you’re not, you’re not mad at us anymore?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] | /'ɒ:kwәd/ | a. 笨拙的, 棘手的 | s. causing inconvenience | 1 | 34 | 24 | *No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y’k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y’k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, althou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, althou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *Oh my God! Listen to you talkin’ about having kids. Oh my Joey.  Oh, please don’t get married before* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don’t you tell about your lovely wedding?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] | /'serimәni/ | n. 典礼, 仪式, 礼节 | n. a formal event performed on a special occasion | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it’s going to be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it’s going to be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!* |
| goin |  | abbr. 全球观测信息网络（Global Observation Information Network） |  | 1 | 56 | 32 | *So how’s it goin’ with Joey?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *No, just a regular old flying dwarf.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] | /brʌʃ/ | n. 刷子, 毛笔, 争吵 | n. a dense growth of bushes | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Ah… Ah…Get out of here!  Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion’s views * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | adv. 往前, 以后, 向外 | n. a river in southern Scotland that flows eastward to the Firth of Forth | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Well I uh, I skipped forth grade.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 1 | 32 | 22 | *Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] | /split/ | n. 劈开, 裂片, 裂缝, 分裂, 派系, 派别, 柳条 | n. extending the legs at right angles to the trunk (one in front and the other i | 1 | 26 | 21 | *Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *No-no-no-no-no! It’s a surprise, but it’s gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]] |  | na. 一瞥；短暂的访问；走马看花；(在比赛中)获胜的希望 |  | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the feeling from her today that uh, sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Where are you gettin’ this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 60 | 37 | *Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren’t they?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissue]] | /'tiʃu:/ | n. 薄的织物, 薄纱, 棉纸, 组织, 一套 | n. part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar stru | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Do you have any tissues?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay forever!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1 | 37 | 22 | *Hey you guys, umm do either one of you want to get in there before I take my bath.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] | /'ɒnistli/ | adv. 真诚地, 公正地 | r. (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the ca | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immuniz* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] | /'laiftaim/ | n. 一生, 终生 | n the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death) | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Oh…my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I’ll go.  Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]] | /'hæpinis/ | n. 快乐, 幸运, 适当 | n. state of well-being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to int | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh…my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I’ll go.  Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Don’t sweat it, I’ve got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I’ve got this little baby  to shine in * |

### 低频词（64）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erin\|erin]] | /'iәrin/ | n. 爱尔兰 | n. an early name of Ireland that is now used in poetry | 5 | 10 | 4 | *Yeah, Joey kinda disabled it when I moved in. Joey’s Date: You must be Rachel, I’m Erin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loner\|loner]] | /'lәunә/ | n. 喜孤独的人, 不合群的动物 | n. a person who avoids the company or assistance of others | 4 | 6 | 3 | *Just casually slip it in, y’know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I’m a loner—No! An outlaw! Tell he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pancake\|pancake]] | /'pænkeik/ | n. 薄烤饼, 薄煎饼, 烙饼 | n. a flat cake of thin batter fried on both sides on a griddle | 4 | 11 | 6 | *Hey, I’m gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He’d even make the girl p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clark\|clark]] |  | n. 克拉克（男子名） | n. United States explorer who (with Meriwether Lewis) led an expedition from St. | 4 | 9 | 4 | *Well, she actually has a boyfriend y’know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself t* |
| marion | /'meәriәn, 'mæriәn/ | n. 马里恩（男子名） |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Ah… Ah…Get out of here!  Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion’s views * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doctoral\|doctoral]] | /'dɒktәrәl/ | a. 博士的 | a. of or relating to a doctor or doctorate | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y’know-y’know for fun, and I typed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dissertation\|dissertation]] | /.disә'teiʃәn/ | n. 论文 | n. a treatise advancing a new point of view resulting from research; usually a r | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y’know-y’know for fun, and I typed* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cupid\|cupid]] | /'kju:pid/ | n. 丘比特, 丘比特画像, 美男孩 | n. (Roman mythology) god of love; counterpart of Greek Eros | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Cupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affair\|affair]] | /ә'fєә/ | n. 事件, 事务, 恋爱事件 | n. a usually secretive or illicit sexual relationship | 2 | 13 | 6 | *Hey, don’t start judging me!  Huh? You’re the one who’s in love with her assistant!  Huh? And you, y* |
| allison | /'ælisən/ | n. 艾利森（女子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Who’s birthday party? Phoebe and Rachel: Allison’s birthday party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careless\|careless]] | /'kєәlis/ | a. 粗心的, 不关心的, 无忧无虑的 | a. marked by lack of attention or consideration or forethought or thoroughness;  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh…wait…you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be honest; do you wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spark\|spark]] | /spɑ:k/ | n. 火花, 火星, 闪光, 无线电报务员, 瞬间放电, 活力, 朝气, 花花公子, 情郎 | n. a small but noticeable trace of some quality that might become stronger | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I’m sorry I… It’s just there’s no real spark.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#progressionist\|progressionist]] | /prә'greʃәnist/ | n. 进步论者, 提倡进步者 | n. One who holds to a belief in the progression of | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Uh, actually I find Marion’s views far to progressionist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#casually\|casually]] | /'kæʒjuәli/ | adv. 偶然地, 临时地, 随便地 | r. not methodically or according to plan | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Just casually slip it in, y’know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I’m a loner—No! An outlaw! Tell he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groundwork\|groundwork]] | /'graundwә:k/ | n. 地基, 基础, 根据 | n. preliminary preparation as a basis or foundation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Just casually slip it in, y’know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I’m a loner—No! An outlaw! Tell he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outlaw\|outlaw]] | /'autlɒ:/ | n. 被剥夺法律保护的人, 罪犯 | v. declare illegal; outlaw | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Just casually slip it in, y’know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I’m a loner—No! An outlaw! Tell he* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]] | /pig/ | n. 猪, 猪肉, 贪婪的人, 猪一样的人 | n. a crude block of metal (lead or iron) poured from a smelting furnace | 1 | 19 | 9 | *Y’know what? That’s a lot to remember, can’t I just tell her you’re a pig?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disable\|disable]] | /dis'eibl/ | vt. 使失去能力, 使残废, (律)使无资格 | v. make unable to perform a certain action | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, Joey kinda disabled it when I moved in. Joey’s Date: You must be Rachel, I’m Erin.* |
| wendy | /'wendi/ | n. 温迪（女子名） |  | 1 | 18 | 7 | *Oh umm, there’s also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina.  What is that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dewey\|dewey]] | /'dju(:)i/ | [计] 杜威 | n. United States librarian who founded the decimal system of classification (185 | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decimal\|decimal]] | /'desimәl/ | a. 十进位的, 小数的 | n. a number in the decimal system | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colonel\|colonel]] | /'kә:nәl/ | n. 陆军上校, 长官 | n. a commissioned military officer in the United States Army or Air Force or Mar | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#corn\|corn]] | /kɒ:n/ | n. 玉蜀黍, 谷类, 谷粒, 鸡眼 | n. tall annual cereal grass bearing kernels on large ears: widely cultivated in  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quietly\|quietly]] | /'kwaiәtli/ | adv. 安静地, 沉着地, 秘密地 | r. with little or no sound | 1 | 7 | 7 | *What do you think she’s just gonna sit there quietly? You don’t think she’s gonna want to make a toa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#microphone\|microphone]] | /'maikrәfәun/ | n. 扩音器, 麦克风 | n. device for converting sound waves into electrical energy | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What do you think she’s just gonna sit there quietly? You don’t think she’s gonna want to make a toa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#makin\|makin]] |  | 梅金（人名） | n battles in World War II in the Pacific (November 1943); United States Marines  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students maki* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dusty\|dusty]] | /'dʌsti/ | a. 灰尘多的, 无聊的, 含糊的, 粉末状的 | s. covered with a layer of dust | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, there was. It was—there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobod* |
| cryin |  | [网络] 哭泣；活得精彩；阿博 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh for cryin’ out loud!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#preview\|preview]] | /'pri:vju:/ | n. 事先查看, 预览 | n. an advertisement consisting of short scenes from a motion picture that will a | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I like to see the previews.  The candy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stack\|stack]] | /stæk/ | n. 堆叠, 堆, 大量, 书库, 枪架, 烟囱, 堆积, 存贮栈 | n. an orderly pile | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Excuse me. Hi, I’m a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciation\|appreciation]] | /ә.pri:ʃi'eiʃәn/ | n. 感激, 赏识, 鉴别 | n. understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, fine. Fine! If-if I’m the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written wor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sanctity\|sanctity]] | /'sæŋktiti/ | n. 神圣, 尊严, 圣洁 | n the quality of being holy | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, fine. Fine! If-if I’m the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written wor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#defend\|defend]] | /di'fend/ | vt. 防护, 辩护, 防卫 | v. argue or speak in defense of | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well, fine. Fine! If-if I’m the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written wor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happier\|happier]] |  | a. 更快乐的, 更幸福的 | a enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don’t you tell about your lovely wedding?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mets\|mets]] |  | (met 的复数) meet的过去式和过去分词 | plural of met | 1 | 4 | 3 | *How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#benitez\|benitez]] |  | n. 贝尼特斯（西班牙足球运动员和教练） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What about Benitez?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#argue\|argue]] | /'ɑ:gju/ | vi. 提出理由, 争论, 辩论 | v. present reasons and arguments | 1 | 10 | 8 | *You shut up!  I love arguing with her.  I’ll be right back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tramp\|tramp]] | /træmp/ | n. 坚实(或沉重)的脚步声, 流浪者 | n. a disreputable vagrant | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Ugh, tramp!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clue\|clue]] | /klu:/ | n. 线索, 暗示 | n. evidence that helps to solve a problem | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I really don’t think he does. And y’know what? Maybe you guys could help clue him in. Y’know, tell h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dwarf\|dwarf]] | /dwɒ:f/ | n. 矮子, 侏儒 | n. a person who is markedly small | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, just a regular old flying dwarf.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fellow\|fellow]] | /'felәu/ | n. 男人, 朋友, 同事 | n. a member of a learned society | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh-oh, you’re-you’re fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps,  perhaps Dr. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scholar\|scholar]] | /'skɒlә/ | n. 学者, 奖学金获得者, 有文化者, 学习者 | n. a learned person (especially in the humanities); someone who by long study ha | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh-oh, you’re-you’re fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps,  perhaps Dr. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chester\|chester]] | /'tʃestә/ | n. 切斯特（美国港口城市）；切斯特（英国一城市） | n. a city of southeastern Pennsylvania on the Delaware river (an industrial subu | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Oh-oh, you’re-you’re fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps,  perhaps Dr. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#musing\|musing]] | /'mju:ziŋ/ | a. 沉思的, 冥想的 | n a calm, lengthy, intent consideration | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh-oh, you’re-you’re fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps,  perhaps Dr. * |
| smiledon |  | [网络] 大写字母 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh-oh, you’re-you’re fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps,  perhaps Dr. * |
| californicus |  | [网络] 加州剑齿虎；加州比目鱼 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh-oh, you’re-you’re fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps,  perhaps Dr. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evolution\|evolution]] | /.i:vә'lu:ʃәn/ | n. 进化, 发展, 进展, (气体)放出, 开方 | n. (biology) the sequence of events involved in the evolutionary development of  | 1 | 13 | 3 | *Ah… Ah…Get out of here!  Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion’s views * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milkshake\|milkshake]] |  | n. 奶昔 | n. frothy drink of milk and flavoring and sometimes fruit or ice cream | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstate\|upstate]] | /'ʌp'steit/ | a. 偏僻的, 州的北部的 | r. in or toward the northern parts of a state | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tricky\|tricky]] | /'triki/ | a. 狡猾的, 机敏的 | s not to be trusted | 1 | 9 | 9 | *No-no-no-no-no! It’s a surprise, but it’s gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be * |
| tinsy |  | abbr. Treasure Island Naval Shipyard <美国>宝岛海军造船厂 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Aren’t you just a tinsy bit curious?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]] | /'kjuәriәs/ | a. 好奇的, 求知的, 古怪的 | s. beyond or deviating from the usual or expected | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Aren’t you just a tinsy bit curious?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barca\|barca]] | /'bɑ:kə/ | n. 小船 |  | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Kinda like your Barca lounger.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lounger\|lounger]] | /'laundʒә/ | n. 闲荡的人 | n. an article of clothing designed for comfort and leisure wear | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Kinda like your Barca lounger.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hotbed\|hotbed]] | /'hɒtbed/ | n. 温床 | n. a situation that is ideal for rapid development (especially of something bad) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immuniz* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#electromagnetic\|electromagnetic]] | /ilektrәj'mæ^nitik/ | a. 电磁的, 由电磁石产生的 | a. pertaining to or exhibiting magnetism produced by electric charge in motion | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immuniz* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#immunize\|immunize]] | /'imju:naiz/ | vt. 使免疫, 赋予免疫性 | v. law: grant immunity from prosecution | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immuniz* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sadly\|sadly]] | /'sædli/ | adv. 悲痛地, 悲惨地, 悲伤地, 说来遗憾 | r. in an unfortunate way | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immuniz* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comforter\|comforter]] | /'kʌmfәtә/ | n. 安慰的人, 安慰者, 圣灵 | n. device used for an infant to suck or bite on | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, I’m going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get v* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hypoallergenic\|hypoallergenic]] | /,hipәuælә'dʒenik/ | a. [医]低变应原的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, I’m going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get v* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nasal\|nasal]] | /'neizl/ | a. 鼻的, 鼻声的, 尖锐的 | n. an elongated rectangular bone that forms the bridge of the nose | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, I’m going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get v* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gawd\|gawd]] | /^ɔ:d/ | n. <俚>上帝 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *OH…MY…GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn’t tell her we were getting married, did yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pooper\|pooper]] | /'pu:pә/ | 翻过船尾的大浪 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh…my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I’ll go.  Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shine\|shine]] | /ʃain/ | n. 光泽, 阳光 | v. emit light; be bright, as of the sun or a light | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Don’t sweat it, I’ve got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I’ve got this little baby  to shine in * |
