---
season: 7
episode: "22"
title: "The One With Chandler&#146;s Dad"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E22 — The One With Chandler&#146;s Dad

*Teleplay by: Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones*

*Story by: Greg Malins*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel are sitting around the kitchen table as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I’d take that bad boy out for a little [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spin]].

**Rachel:** Wait a minute! *(To Monica)* You let Ross drive the Porsche and when I ask you, you say you’re the only one who’s allowed to drive it.

**Monica:** Yeah, well he’s my brother! And plus he drives so [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] he could never hurt it.

**Ross:** It’s a car Monica! Not a [[Friends-词汇总表#rocket\|rocket]] ship!

**Monica:** Whatever Ross! Just [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#bulb\|bulbs]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#brake\|brake]] lights after you’re done.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Joey:** Saw the Porsche out there Mon, [[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]]’ good. When do I get to take that baby out again?

**Rachel:** *(shocked)* You let Joey drive it?!

**Phoebe:** I’ve never driven it! Okay? Not once! Okay once. Okay, I drive it all the time.

**Monica:** Nice work everybody! So much for the y’know, "You can drive it, but don’t tell Rachel" plan!

**Rachel:** Wow! I can’t believe you lied to me.

**Phoebe:** Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding. *(Rachel glares at her.)*

**Monica:** Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won’t let you drive the Porsche is because you’re a terrible driver. There! That wasn’t about the wedding.

**Ross:** Look Rach if-if you want to go for a [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] in the Porsche I’ll be glad to take you for a quick [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spin]] around the block.

**Joey:** Yeah, you got a couple hours?


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is there as Ross enters with his all his hair sticking straight up.

**Ross:** Whew! That was a [[Friends-词汇总表#brisk\|brisk]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]]!

**Rachel:** Take the top down did ya?

**Ross:** Only way to [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]].

*(Rachel laughs.)*

**Rachel:** Come on Ross give me the keys! Monica does not know what she’s talking about! I am an excellent driver!

**Ross:** You’re fast and [[Friends-词汇总表#irresponsible\|irresponsible]]. That adds up to a bad driver.

**Rachel:** Well in High School, that added up to head [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]].

*(A woman walks by and smiles at Ross’s hair.)*

**Ross:** Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must’ve seen me [[Friends-词汇总表#cruise\|cruising]] in the bad boy.

**Rachel:** I think she’s checking out your [[Friends-词汇总表#beehive\|beehive]] Ross.

**Ross:** What?! *(Checks his hair.)* Give-give me a [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]].

**Rachel:** Gimme the keys!

**Ross:** No way!

**Rachel:** Well no [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]]!

**Ross:** Fine! Y’know what? It doesn’t matter, because, if I remember [[Friends-词汇总表#correctly\|correctly]], there is a [[Friends-词汇总表#comb\|comb]] on the floor of the bathroom.

*(He goes to the bathroom and after he leaves Rachel goes through his coat and grabs the keys along with a $20 bill. The woman from before watches her do this.)*

**Rachel:** *(to the woman)* Alimony. *(Runs outside.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Phoebe are counting the invitations as Chandler exits from the bathroom.

**Monica:** Chandler, we still haven’t gotten an RSVP from your dad.

**Chandler:** Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that’s because I didn’t send him an [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]].

**Monica:** Chandler! He’s your father; he should be at the wedding.

**Chandler:** I don’t even know the man. Okay? We’re not the close. I haven’t seen him in years.

**Monica:** Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn’t even asked?!

**Chandler:** Well he doesn’t have to know! It’s not like we run in the same [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circles]]. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] show in Vegas.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, I think I wanna trade [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circles]].

**Chandler:** Trust me, you don’t want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] when the father of the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] is wearing a back-less dress.

**Monica:** So what! As long as he’s not wearing a white dress and a [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]] I don’t care.

**Phoebe:** Okay, I think I need to do some shopping. *(Gets up and leaves.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Street, Rachel is throwing her coat into the Porsche and getting in.

**Rachel:** Ahhh! *(Gets in.)* Ooh, nice!

*(Suddenly from out of nowhere Ross dives onto the hood.)*

**Rachel:** My God!

**Ross:** What do you think you’re doing?!

**Rachel:** Just [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|washing]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#windshield\|windshield]]. *(She turns on the wipers forcing Ross off of the hood.)*

**Ross:** There is no way I am letting you drive this car! So why don’t you just hand over the keys?

**Rachel:** Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the [[Friends-词汇总表#ignition\|ignition]], which is on the left side of the [[Friends-词汇总表#steer\|steering]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wheel\|wheel]]. Does anyone know why that is? It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#tradition\|tradition]] left over from Porsche’s racing history. The world’s [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#endurance\|endurance]] race is the 24 Hours of LeMans. Which is in France and runs for 24 hours straight from [[Friends-词汇总表#noon\|noon]] on Saturday through the dark of night and finishes at noon on Sunday.  In the 60s LeMans had a unique start where the drivers would actually start the race outside of the car and across the track. At the start of the race, the drivers would run across the track, get in the car, [[Friends-词汇总表#buckle\|buckle]] up, start the car, and drive off. Porsche wanted to reduce the amount of time that took. Since all cars to that point had the ignition switches on the right side of the steering wheel, that required the drivers to use their right hand to grab the seat-[[Friends-词汇总表#belt\|belts]], put the car in gear and start it. The driver’s left hand did nothing. Porsche in order to save a few seconds in a 24-hour race; moved the ignition switches to the left side of the steering wheel so that the driver could start the car with his left hand while grabbing the seat-belts with his right hand. That’s why every Porsche car built since then has the ignition on the left side of the steering wheel.}

**Ross:** No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car! *(She starts the car.)* Okay! Okay! I will give you [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] if you get out of this car right now! *(He looks for the twenty Rachel stole and doesn’t find it.)*

**Rachel:** Look Ross, if you’re so freaked out, just get in the car!

**Ross:** With you?! Yeah right!

**Rachel:** All right. *(She starts off.)*

**Ross:** *(grabbing the car)* Okay! Okay! Okay! *(He gets in, but into the back seat.)*

**Rachel:** What are you doing?! Get in the front!

**Ross:** In the death seat?!!

**Rachel:** Oh my…

*(They drive off.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Phoebe are on the couch as a man enters.

**Man:** Hey guys!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey sweetie!

**Man:** Ready to go?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Sure! Ooh, I left my [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] up at Monica’s. I’ll be right back. *(She goes to get it.)*

**Man:** *(stopping her)* Wait a minute!

**Phoebe:** What? *(He leans in to kiss her.)* Oh. *(They kiss and Phoebe pauses.)* Ooh.

*(Pause) Whoa! That one kept going. (Exits.)*

**Joey:** So! You and Phoebe huh? How long have you been going out?

**Man:** Over a month.

**Joey:** Wow! Maybe uh, maybe you and I [[Friends-词汇总表#ought\|ought]] to get to know each other a little better.

**Man:** Sure, I’d like that.

**Joey:** So uh, what’s your name?

**Man:** *(laughs)* Its Jake.

**Joey:** Joey. *(They shake hands.)* Hey Jake, do you like the Knicks?

**Jake:** Yeah, big fan.

**Joey:** Me too! There’s a game on Tuesday do you wanna go?

**Jake:** Yeah that would be great! Let me make sure I’m not doing anything Tuesday. *(He bends over to open his bag, when he does so his pants slide down his butt revealing a pink lace secret.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is entering from the bedroom carrying two bags of luggage.

**Monica:** Here! *(She sets a bag down in front of him.)*

**Chandler:** What’s this?

**Monica:** It’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#suitcase\|suitcase]]. We’re going to Las Vegas.

**Chandler:** Are you serious?! I mean like [[Friends-词汇总表#elope\|eloping]]?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers—Think of the money we’ll save!! *(Monica just looks at him.)* We’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#elope\|eloping]]. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] please?

**Monica:** We’re going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It’s time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.

**Chandler:** Y’know we already went over this and I won!

**Monica:** No you didn’t. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you’re marrying me, you don’t get to win anymore.

**Chandler:** Look forget it okay? I don’t want to go. I don’t want to see him. I don’t wanna.

**Monica:** Chandler, look I-I know that your dad [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]] you. I know…

**Chandler:** No-no all kids are [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]] by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]] meets dressed as a different Hollywood [[Friends-词汇总表#starlet\|starlet]]. Y’know it’s hard enough to be [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]]. You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#skinny\|skinny]]. You’re wearing [[Friends-词汇总表#speedoes\|speedoes]]—That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there’s your dad [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheering]] you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a [[Friends-词汇总表#headdress\|headdress]] with real [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] that he will later hand out to your friends as a [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]]!

**Monica:** Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]] meets and he was there [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheering]] you on! Okay? That’s a, that’s a pretty great dad.

**Chandler:** He had sex with Mr. Girabaldi!

**Monica:** Who’s Mr. Girabaldi?

**Chandler:** Does it matter?!

**Monica:** Chandler, you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]] anymore. Okay? Maybe it’s time that you let that stuff go. If your father’s not at your wedding…you’re gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] it for the rest of your life.

**Chandler:** Yeah o-okay, but I’m just doing this for you.

**Monica:** Yes!

**Chandler:** So I really never get to win anymore?

**Monica:** How much did ever really win before?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Joey:** Listen, you know how uh, when you’re wearing pants and you [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|lean]] forward I check out your [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]?

**Phoebe:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Well, when Jake did it I saw that…he was wearing women’s [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]!

**Phoebe:** I know. They were mine.

**Joey:** Oh. *(Laughs.)* No! No wait, that’s weird!

**Phoebe:** No, it’s not! We were just [[Friends-词汇总表#goof\|goofing]] around and I [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dared]] him to try them on.

**Joey:** That’s weird!

**Phoebe:** I’m wearing his briefs right now.

**Joey:** That’s…kinda hot.

**Phoebe:** I think so too. And that little [[Friends-词汇总表#flap\|flap]]? Great for holding my [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]].

**Joey:** Yeah, I wouldn’t know about that.

**Phoebe:** And! Y’know what Jake says? That women’s [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] is actually more [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]]. And he loves the way the [[Friends-词汇总表#silk\|silk]] feels against his skin.

**Joey:** Yeah well next thing you know, he’ll be telling you that your high [[Friends-词汇总表#heel\|heels]] are good for his [[Friends-词汇总表#posture\|posture]]!

**Phoebe:** There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I’m thinking even more than you.

**Joey:** Oh yeah, he looked like a real [[Friends-词汇总表#lumberjack\|lumberjack]] in those pink [[Friends-词汇总表#laceys\|laceys]].

**Phoebe:** I’m just saying that only a man completely secure with his [[Friends-词汇总表#masculinity\|masculinity]] could walk around in women’s [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]! I don’t think you could ever do that.

**Joey:** Hey! I am secure with my [[Friends-词汇总表#masculinity\|masculinity]].

**Phoebe:** Okay whatever.

**Joey:** You’ve seen my huge [[Friends-词汇总表#stack\|stack]] of porn right? *(Phoebe nods.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Porsche, Rachel is driving along a highway and Ross has finally moved to the death seat and is terrified.

**Rachel:** God. I forgot how much I love driving. I have got to get my license [[Friends-词汇总表#renew\|renewed]].

**Ross:** *(shocked)* You don’t have a valid driver’s license—Okay that is it! Pull over right now!

**Rachel:** Oh Ross you’re so [[Friends-词汇总表#tense\|tense]]! You just gotta relax okay? Just need to relax all right? Just need to relax… *(She takes her hands off of the wheel.)*

**Ross:** *(grabbing the wheel)* What-what are you doing?! Are you—Okay that’s not funny! Just stop horsing around!

**Rachel:** I am not horsing around okay? I am Porsching around.

*(Suddenly a siren goes off behind them.)*

**Rachel:** Uh-oh. *(She starts to pull over.)*

**Ross:** Okay, stay [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]]. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]].

**Rachel:** Really? You think so?

**Ross:** I was talking to myself! You’re going down!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is walking from the bathroom to his bedroom and walks past a pile of Rachel’s laundry, which just happens to include a selection of panties. He stops, goes back to the basket, looks for Rachel, picks up a lavender thong, and heads for his bedroom. However, he decides he doesn’t like his selection and goes back this time picking up a red low-cut silk brief and heads for his room, flexing along the way to prove his masculinity.


> [!scene] Scene: Las Vegas, we have the typical glamour shots of Vegas and the strip before we arrive at 4 Queens bar, where Chandler and Monica are sitting at a table waiting for the show to start. A Waiter in Drag: (to Chandler and Monica) Has someone taken your order yet?

**Monica:** Uh oh yeah, she did. Uh, he did. *(To Chandler)* She? *(To the waiter)* I’m-I’m sorry I’m new. I don’t… Waiter in Drag: *(To Chandler)* Hm-mmm?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I just ordered a [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]! *(Pounds the table.)* Waiter in Drag: You’re straight. I get it. *(Walks away.)*

**Monica:** I still say that if we had called your dad we [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] gotten better seats.

**Chandler:** No! No! I don’t want him to know we’re yet! I’m not sure I’m ready for that. And [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] he’s not gonna be too happy to see me either.

**Monica:** Why not?!

**Chandler:** I don’t know if I’ve told you this, but he’s kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years

**Monica:** What?!

**Chandler:** Yeah, he’s made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] to see him. Y’know it’s all very Cats in the Cradle—I don’t want to get into it. *(The show starts.)* Here we go.

**Announcer:** Ladies and [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]] please welcome the [[Friends-词汇总表#incomparable\|incomparable]] Helena Handbasket!

*(There’s applause as Helena turns around and it’s Kathleen Turner.)*

**Helena:** Hello [[Friends-词汇总表#darling\|darlings]].

**Chandler:** And there’s daddy!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Porsche, they have pulled over and are awaiting the cop to come talk to them.

**Rachel:** Okay. Switch places with me! Switch places with me! Come on! I’ll go under, you go over!

**Ross:** Yeah, I’ll get right on that.

**Rachel:** Oh come on Ross!! *(She tries to switch places with him and goes under his leg.)*

**Ross:** No Rach! Come on! No-no! Yeah, I’m sure we won’t get [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrested]] for this.

*(She sits back up as the policeman approaches. She undoes her top button.)*

**Rachel:** *(sexily)* Hi officer, was I going a little too fast?

**Ross:** Oh my God.

**Policeman:** Can I see your license please?

**Rachel:** Oh yes, absolutely! Y’know, it’s weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a [[Friends-词汇总表#policeman\|policeman]]. And then he uh…well I probably shouldn’t tell you the rest.

**Policeman:** Your license?

**Rachel:** *(handing it to him)* Yes. Here you go Officer uh, Handsome.

**Policeman:** That’s Hanson.

**Rachel:** Oops sorry, my [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]].

**Ross:** Dear Lord!!

**Policeman:** Wow!

**Ross:** Here it comes.

**Policeman:** This is a great picture.

**Rachel:** Really?! You think so? Y’know, I had just [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolled]] out of bed.

**Policeman:** Yeah? Well you look [[Friends-词汇总表#phenomenal\|phenomenal]].

**Ross:** Well she should, it was taken ten years ago!

**Rachel:** Y’know you’re-you’re probably wondering about the old date on there.

**Policeman:** Yes I am.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Policeman:** You’re an Aquarius, huh?

**Rachel:** I bet you’re a Gemini.

**Policeman:** Nope.

**Rachel:** Taurus?

**Policeman:** Nope.

**Rachel:** Virgo?

**Policeman:** Nope.

**Rachel:** Sagittarius?

**Policeman:** Yep.

**Rachel:** I knew it! I knew it, ahh….

**Policeman:** Well I tell you what…

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Policeman:** You’re not gonna speed anymore right?

**Rachel:** I won’t speed.

**Policeman:** And you promise you’ll get this taken care of right away?

**Rachel:** I promise.

**Policeman:** And in the [[Friends-词汇总表#meantime\|meantime]] you better let him drive. Does he have a license?

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Policeman:** Can he handle the stick?

**Rachel:** Oh well…

**Ross:** I can handle the stick!!


> [!scene] Scene: 4 Queens Club, Helena Handbasket is singing.

**Helena:** I feel pretty. Oh so pretty. I feel pretty and [[Friends-词汇总表#witty\|witty]] and…*(She holds the mike out to the audience.)*

**All:** Gay!

**Monica:** That can’t be your father.

**Chandler:** Believe me, I’ve been saying that for years. Oh my God!

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** That’s Mr. Girabaldi playing the [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]].

**Helena:** *(singing)* For I’m loved by a pretty wonderful boy!

*(Applause.) Hello! And welcome to the show. I see some of our regulars in the audience. And a couple of irregulars. (He starts going into the audience.)*

**Chandler:** He’s coming into the [[Friends-词汇总表#audience\|audience]]. He’s coming into the audience.

**Monica:** Relax! You’ll be fine. *(Chandler exhales and turns off the table light.)* Oh much better. You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] now.

**Helena:** *(standing at a table and asking the guy sitting there)* Where are you from?

**Guy:** Bakersfield.

**Helena:** I’m sorry? *(Holds out the mike.)*

**Guy:** Bakersfield!

**Helena:** No-no I heard! I’m just sorry.

**Chandler:** It can’t happen like this. Okay? I’ll meet you back at the hotel.

*(He gets up to walk out, but Helena spots and stops him.)*

**Helena:** *(to Chandler’s back)* Oh look, a standing [[Friends-词汇总表#ovation\|ovation]] already! So early in the show. Oh turn around honey; let me see your pretty face. *(He slowly turns around. Helena recognizes him.)*

**Monica:** Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter—Uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#tress\|tress]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is sitting on the couch as Joey enters strutting.

**Joey:** Hey Pheebs! *(He sits down next to her.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Joey:** Check it out. *(He turns around, pulls down his pants, and shows Phoebe that he’s got panties on.)* How much of a man am I?!

**Phoebe:** Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]].

**Joey:** Y’know, I’m beginning to see what Jake was talking about.

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh.

**Joey:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#silk\|silk]]? Feels really good!

**Phoebe:** Huh.

**Joey:** Yeah! And-and things [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t as…[[Friends-词汇总表#smash\|smashed]] down as I thought they were gonna be.

**Phoebe:** That’s great Joe!

**Joey:** Yeah! And you have so many more choices than you do with men’s [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]]!

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh.

**Joey:** Bikini, French cut, [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]]! And-and the [[Friends-词汇总表#fabric\|fabrics]]! You’ve got [[Friends-词汇总表#cotton\|cotton]], [[Friends-词汇总表#silk\|silk]], [[Friends-词汇总表#lace\|lace]]! And y’know what I’ve always wondered about?

**Phoebe:** Hmm?

**Joey:** Pantyhose! Y’know? They way they start at your [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] and go all the way up to here… *(He mimed that and stops when he realized he went to far.)* I should go take these off shouldn’t I?

**Phoebe:** I think it’s important that you do.

*(Joey agrees and heads to take them off.)*


> [!scene] Scene: 4 Queens Club, scene continued from earlier.

**Helena:** So what’s your name?

**Chandler:** *(resigning himself to his fate)* Chandler. *(He quickly sits down.)*

**Helena:** Chandler? What an [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] name! You must’ve had [[Friends-词汇总表#terribly\|terribly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinating]] parents.

**Chandler:** Oh, they’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#hoot\|hoot]].

**Helena:** *(To Monica)* And who is your friend?

**Monica:** I’m-I’m Monica.

**Helena:** Monica! Where are you from?

**Monica:** New York.

**Helena:** I’m not very [[Friends-词汇总表#fond\|fond]] of New York. Queens I like. *(Noticing Monica’s ring.)* Ooh, what is this [[Friends-词汇总表#sparkle\|sparkle]] something! *(Shows the audience who woos.)* Honey! Huh?

**Chandler:** Actually Monica and I are [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]].

**Helena:** Really?! Congratulations. When’s the big day?

**Monica:** *(looks at Chandler)* In…in two weeks.

**Helena:** *(disappointed)* I see. Well, I wish you both a [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]]. *(To a bald guy.)* So you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]]?

**Chandler:** Wait! Wait! We’d really love it if you could be there.

**Helena:** We? *(Looks at Monica who nods.)*

**Chandler:** I know it would make me happy, ma’am.

**Helena:** Well I wouldn’t miss it for the world. Oh! I’m getting all [[Friends-词汇总表#misty\|misty]] here! You’d think I was having my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wax\|waxed]] or something. *(Goes back on stage.)*

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* You okay?

**Chandler:** Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.

**Helena:** Before we go on with the show, I just want to say to the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] how lucky they are to have found each other. In every life, a little [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] must fall. Fortunately, in my life… *(Four guys wearing rubber boots, shorts, hats, and nothing else carrying umbrellas run onto the stage.)* *(Singing)* It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|raining]] men!

**The Chorus Line:** Hallelujah!

**Helena:** It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|raining]] men!

**The Chorus Line:** Amen!

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* When I was growing up I…played the one on the far left.


> [!scene] Scene: The Porsche, cars are whizzing by and honking their horns on both sides very quickly as Ross creeps along.

**Rachel:** Remind me to [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] you to someone!

**Ross:** Who?

**Rachel:** Fourth gear!!

*(Suddenly a siren goes off.)*

**Ross:** What?! What does he want?! I wasn’t doing anything!

**Rachel:** Well maybe he saw your hand [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] [[Friends-词汇总表#briefly\|briefly]] from the ten and two o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] position.

**Ross:** Maybe it’s uh Sergeant Sagittarius coming back to [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] some more!

*(They pull over.)*

**Rachel:** It’s a different guy!

*(The policeman walks up.)*

**Ross:** Good evening officer.

**Policeman:** Do you know how fast you were traveling back there?

**Ross:** Ah no. I don’t, but it could not have been more than [[Friends-词汇总表#sixty\|sixty]].

**Policeman:** You’re right. It was 37. *(Rachel laughs.)*

**Ross:** I mean you’re not gonna give me a-a [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] for driving too [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] are ya?

**Policeman:** That’s right.

*(There’s a pause as Ross gets suddenly flirtatious.)*

**Ross:** Y’know of-officer I uh…I had the [[Friends-词汇总表#weirdest\|weirdest]] dream last night…

**Rachel:** Oh my God!

**Policeman:** Your license please.

**Ross:** *(laughs)* You don’t-you don’t want to hear about my dream Officer…Pretty?

**Policeman:** It’s Petty. *(He grabs Ross’s license.)* I’ll be right back with your [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]]. *(Walks back to his car.)*

**Rachel:** *(pause)* You have a son!

**Ross:** I know. I know. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is returning from having removed Rachel’s panties.

**Phoebe:** Feel better?

**Joey:** Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I’m y’know [[Friends-词汇总表#insecure\|insecure]] about my [[Friends-词汇总表#manhood\|manhood]] or anything y’know, but I think I need to [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] up with a woman like right now.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I understand.

**Joey:** Yeah! Okay! *(He notices a beautiful woman sitting behind the couch and goes to talk to her.)* Hey! Hi!

**Woman:** Hi!

**Joey:** Y’know, you look [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]]. Do I know you from [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]]?

**Woman:** I don’t think so.

**Joey:** Oh! Maybe it’s because I’m on television. I’m an actor on Days of Our Lives.

**Woman:** Wow!

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Woman:** Really?!

**Joey:** Hm-mmm.

**Waitress:** *(to the woman)* $4.50 please.

**Joey:** Oh, let me get this. *(He takes out his wallet, but the panties come with it. The woman and waitress are shocked.)* *(Realizing)* *(To the woman)* These are for you.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 7 | 209 | 116 | *Trust me, you don’t want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 6 | 296 | 85 | *Chandler, we still haven’t gotten an RSVP from your dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 4 | 197 | 118 | *No you didn’t. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you’re marrying me, you don’t get to win anym* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 3 | 266 | 138 | *Oh.  No! No wait, that’s weird!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 3 | 92 | 67 | *Oh Ross you’re so tense! You just gotta relax okay? Just need to relax all right? Just need to relax* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 2 | 118 | 89 | *Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you’re done.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 2 | 135 | 75 | *Trust me, you don’t want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 2 | 115 | 81 | *And you promise you’ll get this taken care of right away?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 2 | 112 | 87 | *Can he handle the stick?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Yeah, well he’s my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Wow! I can’t believe you lied to me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won’t let you drive the Porsche is because you’re a terrible dr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I’ll be glad to take you for a quick spin a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Fine! Y’know what? It doesn’t matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Well he doesn’t have to know! It’s not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Look Ross, if you’re so freaked out, just get in the car!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or thes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *No you didn’t. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you’re marrying me, you don’t get to win anym* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Look forget it okay? I don’t want to go. I don’t want to see him. I don’t wanna.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Listen, you know how uh, when you’re wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *I know. They were mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *You don’t have a valid driver’s license—Okay that is it! Pull over right now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Oh yes, absolutely! Y’know, it’s weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a pol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Y’know you’re-you’re probably wondering about the old date on there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I bet you’re a Gemini.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *For I’m loved by a pretty wonderful boy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter—Uh, tress!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Before we go on with the show, I just want to say to the bride and groom how lucky they are to have * |

### 常用词（61）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 5 | 62 | 35 | *Listen, you know how uh, when you’re wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] | /dræg/ | n. 拖, 拖累 | n. the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid | 3 | 17 | 12 | *Well he doesn’t have to know! It’s not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] | /'weitә/ | n. 侍者 | n. a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant) | 3 | 30 | 18 | *Uh oh yeah, she did. Uh, he did.  She?  I’m-I’m sorry I’m new. I don’t… Waiter in Drag:  Hm-mmm?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spin\|spin]] | /spin/ | n. 旋转, 自旋, 疾驰, 情绪低落 | n. a swift whirling motion (usually of a missile) | 2 | 19 | 11 | *Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I’d take that bad boy ou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 2 | 27 | 24 | *Yeah, well he’s my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 2 | 52 | 33 | *Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I’ll be glad to take you for a quick spin a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] | /brʌʃ/ | n. 刷子, 毛笔, 争吵 | n. a dense growth of bushes | 2 | 14 | 13 | *What?!  Give-give me a brush.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] | /'sә:kl/ | n. 圆周, 社交圈, 循环, 范围 | n. ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by | 2 | 20 | 14 | *Well he doesn’t have to know! It’s not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, an* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] | /braid/ | n. 新娘 | n. a woman who has recently been married | 2 | 33 | 18 | *Trust me, you don’t want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] | /gru:m/ | n. 马夫, 新郎, 男仆 | n. a man participant in his own marriage ceremony | 2 | 19 | 10 | *Trust me, you don’t want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the fa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 2 | 46 | 35 | *Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]] | /swim/ | n. 游泳, 漂浮, 潮流, 眩晕 | v. travel through water | 2 | 16 | 12 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 2 | 29 | 23 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 2 | 21 | 18 | *Before we go on with the show, I just want to say to the bride and groom how lucky they are to have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 2 | 30 | 18 | *I mean you’re not gonna give me a-a ticket for driving too slow are ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] | /ri'pleis/ | vt. 代替, 替换, 放回, 归还 | v. substitute a person or thing for (another that is broken or inefficient or lo | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you’re done.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]] |  | na. 一瞥；短暂的访问；走马看花；(在比赛中)获胜的希望 |  | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Saw the Porsche out there Mon, lookin’ good. When do I get to take that baby out again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Whew! That was a brisk ride!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *Only way to fly.* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 1 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Ahhh!  Ooh, nice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Just washing the windshield.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car!  Okay! Okay! I will give you twenty bucks if you get out of this* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car!  Okay! Okay! I will give you twenty bucks if you get out of this* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Yeah! Sure! Ooh, I left my purse up at Monica’s. I’ll be right back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 1 | 38 | 14 | *Joey.  Hey Jake, do you like the Knicks?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or thes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 1 | 23 | 14 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]] | /snæk/ | n. 小吃, 点心, 快餐 | n a light informal meal | 1 | 12 | 12 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] | /ri'gret/ | n. 遗憾, 后悔, 悔恨, 抱歉, 歉意 | v. feel sad about the loss or absence of | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Chandler, you’re not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it’s time that you let that stuff go. If your fat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|lean]] | /li:n/ | n. 瘦肉, 倾斜, 倾斜度 | v. to incline or bend from a vertical position | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Listen, you know how uh, when you’re wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] | /dєә/ | n. 挑战, 挑动, 大胆 | n. a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy | 1 | 13 | 12 | *No, it’s not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *And! Y’know what Jake says? That women’s underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *Yeah, I just ordered a beer!  Waiter in Drag: You’re straight. I get it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *No! No! I don’t want him to know we’re yet! I’m not sure I’m ready for that. And besides he’s not go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *Yeah, he’s made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#darling\|darling]] | /'dɑ:liŋ/ | n. 亲爱的, 可爱的人, 可爱的物 | n. a special loved one | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Hello darlings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] | /'hænsәm/ | a. 英俊的, 大方的, 慷慨的, 相当可观的, 美观的, 灵敏的 | s pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form an | 1 | 13 | 11 | *Yes. Here you go Officer uh, Handsome.* |
| oops | /u:ps/ | interj. (表示惊讶、沮丧、谢罪等)哎哟 |  | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Oops sorry, my mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Oops sorry, my mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Dear Lord!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Really?! You think so? Y’know, I had just rolled out of bed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *Yeah! And-and things aren’t as…smashed down as I thought they were gonna be.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] | /tәu/ | n. 足趾, 趾部, 脚趾 | n. one of the digits of the foot | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Pantyhose! Y’know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here…  I should go take * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 1 | 40 | 20 | *Actually Monica and I are engaged.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Really?! Congratulations. When’s the big day?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] | /'laiftaim/ | n. 一生, 终生 | n the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death) | 1 | 13 | 13 | *I see. Well, I wish you both a lifetime of happiness.  So you’re bald?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]] | /'hæpinis/ | n. 快乐, 幸运, 适当 | n. state of well-being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to int | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I see. Well, I wish you both a lifetime of happiness.  So you’re bald?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]] | /bɒ:ld/ | a. 秃头的, 光秃的, 单调的, 赤裸的 | v. grow bald; lose hair on one's head | 1 | 16 | 11 | *I see. Well, I wish you both a lifetime of happiness.  So you’re bald?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *Well I wouldn’t miss it for the world. Oh! I’m getting all misty here! You’d think I was having my l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Remind me to introduce you to someone!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Remind me to introduce you to someone!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | num. 第四, 四分之一 | n. following the third position; number four in a countable series | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Fourth gear!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] | /slip/ | n. 滑, 滑行, 事故, 溜, 差错, 滑台, 下降, 插条, 后裔, 板条, 瘦长的年轻人 | n. a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed in speech or writing or in small | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Well maybe he saw your hand slip briefly from the ten and two o’clock position.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *Well maybe he saw your hand slip briefly from the ten and two o’clock position.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] | /flә:t/ | n. 卖弄风骚的人, 急动, 急扔 | n. playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest | 1 | 32 | 13 | *Maybe it’s uh Sergeant Sagittarius coming back to flirt some more!* |

### 低频词（95）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#porsche\|porsche]] |  | n. 保时捷（德国知名汽车厂商或其出产的轿车品牌名） |  | 9 | 34 | 7 | *Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I’d take that bad boy ou* |
| jake | /dʒeik/ | a. 满意的, 上等的 |  | 6 | 8 | 3 | *Its Jake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ignition\|ignition]] | /ig'niʃәn/ | n. 点火, 点燃 | n. the process of initiating combustion or catching fire | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steer\|steer]] | /stiә/ | vt. 引导, 驾驶, 航行, 控制 | v. direct the course; determine the direction of travelling | 4 | 9 | 6 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wheel\|wheel]] | /hwi:l/ | n. 轮子, 车轮, 轮, 方向盘, 旋转, 机构, 重要人物 | n. a simple machine consisting of a circular frame with spokes (or a solid disc) | 4 | 16 | 7 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silk\|silk]] | /silk/ | n. 丝, 绸, 绸锻类, 丝织品 | n. a fabric made from the fine threads produced by certain insect larvae | 3 | 4 | 2 | *And! Y’know what Jake says? That women’s underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lemans\|lemans]] |  | n. 莱曼；情人 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noon\|noon]] | /nu:n/ | n. 正午, 中午, 全盛期 | n. the middle of the day | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elope\|elope]] | /i'lәup/ | vi. 私奔, 潜逃 | v. run away secretly with one's beloved | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or thes* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]] | /'fɒ:'ti:n/ | num. 十四, 十四个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of thirteen and one | 2 | 11 | 8 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#masculinity\|masculinity]] | /.mæskju'liniti/ | n. 男子气, 刚毅, 大丈夫气概 | n. the trait of behaving in ways considered typical for men | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I’m just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women’s * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sagittarius\|sagittarius]] | /,sædʒi'teәriәs/ | n. 人马座 | n. (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Sagittarius | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Sagittarius?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audience\|audience]] | /'ɒ:diәns/ | n. 听众, 观众, 读者 | n. a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance | 2 | 8 | 4 | *He’s coming into the audience. He’s coming into the audience.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bakersfield\|bakersfield]] | /'beikəz,fi:ld/ | n. 贝克尔斯菲市（美国加利福尼亚州中南部城市） | n. a city in south central California at the southern end of the San Joaquin Val | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Bakersfield.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rocket\|rocket]] | /'rɒkit/ | n. 火箭, 烟火 | n. any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s a car Monica! Not a rocket ship!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bulb\|bulb]] | /bʌlb/ | n. 球茎, 电灯泡 | n. a modified bud consisting of a thickened globular underground stem serving as | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you’re done.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brake\|brake]] | /breik/ | n. 刹车, 阻碍, 丛林 | n. a restraint used to slow or stop a vehicle | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you’re done.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brisk\|brisk]] | /brisk/ | a. 强烈的, 寒冷而干燥的, 活泼的 | v. become brisk | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Whew! That was a brisk ride!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irresponsible\|irresponsible]] | /.iri'spɔnsәbl/ | a. 不负责任的；不可靠的 | a. showing lack of care for consequences | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You’re fast and irresponsible. That adds up to a bad driver.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] | /'tʃiәli:dә/ | n. 啦啦队长 | n. an enthusiastic and vocal supporter | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Well in High School, that added up to head cheerleader.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cruise\|cruise]] | /kru:z/ | n. 巡航, 巡弋, 漫游 | n. an ocean trip taken for pleasure | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must’ve seen me cruising in the bad boy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beehive\|beehive]] | /'bi:haiv/ | n. 蜂窝, 蜂箱 | n. any workplace where people are very busy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I think she’s checking out your beehive Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#correctly\|correctly]] | /kә'rektli/ | adv. 对, 正确, 恰当, 符合一般性准则, 符合行为准则, 端正, 符合 | r. in an accurate manner | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Fine! Y’know what? It doesn’t matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comb\|comb]] | /kәum/ | n. 头梳, 鸡冠 | n. a flat device with narrow pointed teeth on one edge; disentangles or arranges | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Fine! Y’know what? It doesn’t matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alimony\|alimony]] | /'ælimәni/ | n. 瞻养费, 生活费 | n. court-ordered support paid by one spouse to another after they are separated | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Alimony.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rsvp\|rsvp]] |  | 请赐复, 请答覆, 请答复 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Chandler, we still haven’t gotten an RSVP from your dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invitation\|invitation]] | /.invi'teiʃәn/ | n. 邀请, 请柬, 引诱 | n. a request (spoken or written) to participate or be present or take part in so | 1 | 18 | 9 | *Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that’s because I didn’t send him an invitation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]] | /veil/ | n. 面纱, 面罩, 借口, 幕, 帐, 遮蔽物 | n. a membranous covering attached to the immature fruiting body of certain mushr | 1 | 8 | 7 | *So what! As long as he’s not wearing a white dress and a veil I don’t care.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#windshield\|windshield]] | /'windʃi:ld/ | n. 挡风玻璃 | n. transparent screen (as of glass) to protect occupants of a vehicle | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Just washing the windshield.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#transcriber\|transcriber]] | /træns'kraibә/ | n. 抄写者, 誊写员, 抄录器, 信息转换器, 读数器 | n. someone who rewrites in a different script | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tradition\|tradition]] | /trә'diʃәn/ | n. 传说, 传统, 交付 | n. an inherited pattern of thought or action | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#endurance\|endurance]] | /in'djuәrәns/ | n. 忍耐, 忍耐力, 耐性 | n. the power to withstand hardship or stress | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buckle\|buckle]] | /'bʌkl/ | n. 皮带扣, 扣子 | n. fastener that fastens together two ends of a belt or strap; often has loose p | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh. {Transcriber’s Note: She puts the key into the ignition, which is on the left side of the steeri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ought\|ought]] | /ɒ:t/ | aux. 应该, 大概 | n. & adv. See Aught. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow! Maybe uh, maybe you and I ought to get to know each other a little better.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suitcase\|suitcase]] | /'sju:tkeis/ | n. 手提箱 | n a portable rectangular container for carrying clothes | 1 | 5 | 5 | *It’s your suitcase. We’re going to Las Vegas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hollywood\|hollywood]] | /'hɔliwud/ | n. 好莱坞, 美国电影界, 美国电影工业, 美国式电影 | n. the film industry of the United States | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#starlet\|starlet]] | /'stɑ:lit/ | n. 小星星, 小明星 | n. a young (film) actress who is publicized as a future star | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skinny\|skinny]] | /'skini/ | a. 似皮的, 极瘦的, 少的, 小气的 | n. confidential information about a topic or person | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speedoes\|speedoes]] | /'spido/ | n. 速度计；速率计 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| carmen | /'kɑ:men/ | n. 卡门（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| miranda | /mi'rændә/ | n. 米兰达（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headdress\|headdress]] | /'heddres/ | a. 饰头巾, 头式 | n. clothing for the head | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you’d have to come up with a whole new word for wha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goof\|goof]] | /gu:f/ | n. 呆子, 傻瓜 | n a man who is a stupid incompetent fool | 1 | 8 | 4 | *No, it’s not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flap\|flap]] | /flæp/ | n. 飘, 摆动, 拍打, 拍打声, 片状垂悬物 | n. any broad thin and limber covering attached at one edge; hangs loose or proje | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] | /'lipstik/ | n. 口红, 唇膏 | n. makeup that is used to color the lips | 1 | 12 | 9 | *I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heel\|heel]] | /hi:l/ | n. 脚后跟, 踵, 后部, 倾侧 | n. the bottom of a shoe or boot; the back part of a shoe or boot that touches th | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah well next thing you know, he’ll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#posture\|posture]] | /'pɒstʃә/ | n. 姿势, 态度, 情形, 形势 | n the arrangement of the body and its limbs | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah well next thing you know, he’ll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lumberjack\|lumberjack]] | /'lʌmbәdʒæk/ | n. 伐木工人, 板材上垛装置 | n. a short warm outer jacket | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laceys\|laceys]] | /'leɪsɪ/ | adj. ＝lacy |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stack\|stack]] | /stæk/ | n. 堆叠, 堆, 大量, 书库, 枪架, 烟囱, 堆积, 存贮栈 | n. an orderly pile | 1 | 6 | 6 | *You’ve seen my huge stack of porn right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#renew\|renew]] | /ri'nju:/ | vt. 使更新, 使恢复, 复兴, 修补, 补充, 继续, 重订, 重申, 续借 | v reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new | 1 | 2 | 2 | *God. I forgot how much I love driving. I have got to get my license renewed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tense\|tense]] | /tens/ | a. 紧张的, 拉紧的 | n. a grammatical category of verbs used to express distinctions of time | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh Ross you’re so tense! You just gotta relax okay? Just need to relax all right? Just need to relax* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coulda\|coulda]] | /'kjdә/ | <口> = could have |  | 1 | 11 | 9 | *I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cradle\|cradle]] | /'kreidl/ | n. 摇篮, 发祥地, 孩提时代 | n. a baby bed with sides and rockers | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, he’s made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incomparable\|incomparable]] | /in'kɒmpәrәbl/ | a. 无比的, 不能比较的 | a. such that comparison is impossible; unsuitable for comparison or lacking feat | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helena\|helena]] | /'helinә, he'li:nә/ | n. 海伦娜（女子名） | n. capital of the state of Montana; located in western Montana | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handbasket\|handbasket]] |  | = go to the dogs at dog n. | n a container that is usually woven and has handles | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrest\|arrest]] | /ә'rest/ | n. 逮捕, 监禁 | n. the state of inactivity following an interruption | 1 | 8 | 7 | *No Rach! Come on! No-no! Yeah, I’m sure we won’t get arrested for this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#policeman\|policeman]] | /pә'li:smәn/ | n. 警察 | n. a member of a police force | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh yes, absolutely! Y’know, it’s weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a pol* |
| hanson |  | n. 韩氏兄弟合唱团（美国乐队组合）；汉森（姓氏） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s Hanson.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phenomenal\|phenomenal]] | /fi'nɒminәl/ | a. 现象的, 能知觉的, 异常的, 显著的, 惊人的 | a. of or relating to a phenomenon | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah? Well you look phenomenal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aquarius\|aquarius]] | /ә'kweәriәs/ | n. 宝瓶宫；宝瓶（星）座 | n. (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Aquarius | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You’re an Aquarius, huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gemini\|gemini]] | /'dʒeminai/ | [医] 双胎, 双生子 | n. (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Gemini | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I bet you’re a Gemini.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taurus\|taurus]] | /'tɒ:rәs/ | n. 金牛星座, 金牛宫 | n. (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Taurus | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Taurus?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#virgo\|virgo]] | /'vә:ɡәu/ | n. [天]处女座；维尔格铬镍钨 | n. (astrology) a person who is born while the sun is in Virgo | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Virgo?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meantime\|meantime]] | /'mi:ntaim/ | n. 间隔时间, 其时 | n the time between one event, process, or period and another | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And in the meantime you better let him drive. Does he have a license?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#witty\|witty]] | /'witi/ | a. 富于机智的, 诙谐的 | s. combining clever conception and facetious expression | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I feel pretty. Oh so pretty. I feel pretty and witty and…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]] | /pi'ɑ:nәu/ | n. 钢琴 | n. a keyboard instrument that is played by depressing keys that cause hammers to | 1 | 10 | 7 | *That’s Mr. Girabaldi playing the piano.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] | /in'vizәbl/ | a. 看不见的, 无形的 | a. impossible or nearly impossible to see; imperceptible by the eye | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Relax! You’ll be fine.  Oh much better. You’re invisible now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ovation\|ovation]] | /әu'veiʃәn/ | n. 热烈欢迎, 大喝采, 小凯旋式 | n. enthusiastic recognition (especially one accompanied by loud applause) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh look, a standing ovation already! So early in the show. Oh turn around honey; let me see your pre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tress\|tress]] | /tres/ | n. 一绺头发, 头发, 发辫 | n a hairdo formed by braiding or twisting the hair | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter—Uh, tress!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manly\|manly]] | /'mænli/ | a. 象男人的, 强壮的, 适于男人的 | a. possessing qualities befitting a man | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]] | /slʌt/ | n. 懒妇, 荡妇 | n a dirty untidy woman | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] | /bi'ki:ni/ | n. 大爆炸, 比基尼泳装 | n. an atoll in the Marshall Islands; formerly used by the United States as a sit | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You’ve got cotton, silk, lace! And y’know what I’ve * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]] | /θɒ:ŋ/ | vt. 装皮带, 用皮鞭打 | n. underpants resembling a G-string; worn by women especially under very tight p | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You’ve got cotton, silk, lace! And y’know what I’ve * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fabric\|fabric]] | /'fæbrik/ | n. 织物, 布, 结构, 构造, 建筑物 | n. artifact made by weaving or felting or knitting or crocheting natural or synt | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You’ve got cotton, silk, lace! And y’know what I’ve * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cotton\|cotton]] | /'kɒtn/ | n. 棉花 | n. soft silky fibers from cotton plants in their raw state | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You’ve got cotton, silk, lace! And y’know what I’ve * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lace\|lace]] | /leis/ | n. 饰带, 花边, 缎带, 鞋带 | n. a cord that is drawn through eyelets or around hooks in order to draw togethe | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You’ve got cotton, silk, lace! And y’know what I’ve * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pantyhose\|pantyhose]] | /'pæntihәuz/ | n. 连裤袜 | n. a woman's tights consisting of underpants and stockings | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Pantyhose! Y’know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here…  I should go take * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] | /.ʌn'ju:ʒu:l/ | a. 不寻常的, 罕见的, 与众不同的 | a. not usual or common or ordinary | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Chandler? What an unusual name! You must’ve had terribly fascinating parents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terribly\|terribly]] | /'terәbli/ | adv. 可怕地, 甚为, 非常 | r. used as intensifiers | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Chandler? What an unusual name! You must’ve had terribly fascinating parents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinate]] | /'fæsineit/ | vt. 令人入神, 使着迷 | v. to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Chandler? What an unusual name! You must’ve had terribly fascinating parents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hoot\|hoot]] | /hu:t/ | n. 叫嚣, 嘲骂声, 鸣响 | n. a loud raucous cry (as of an owl) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, they’re a hoot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fond\|fond]] | /fɒnd/ | a. 喜欢的, 宠爱的, 温柔的 | s. (followed by `of' or `to') having a strong preference or liking for | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I’m not very fond of New York. Queens I like.  Ooh, what is this sparkle something!  Honey! Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sparkle\|sparkle]] | /'spɑ:kl/ | n. 闪耀, 火花, 活力, 发泡 | n. merriment expressed by a brightness or gleam or animation of countenance | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’m not very fond of New York. Queens I like.  Ooh, what is this sparkle something!  Honey! Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misty\|misty]] | /'misti/ | a. 有雾的, 模糊的, 笼罩着雾的 | s. wet with mist | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well I wouldn’t miss it for the world. Oh! I’m getting all misty here! You’d think I was having my l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wax\|wax]] | /wæks/ | n. 蜡, 蜡状物, 一阵发怒, 增加, (月亮)渐盈 | n. any of various substances of either mineral origin or plant or animal origin; | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Well I wouldn’t miss it for the world. Oh! I’m getting all misty here! You’d think I was having my l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fortunately\|fortunately]] | /'fɒitʃәnitli/ | adv. 幸运地, 幸亏 | r. by good fortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Before we go on with the show, I just want to say to the bride and groom how lucky they are to have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#briefly\|briefly]] | /'brifli/ | adv. 简短地, 扼要地, 简明地, 简单地 | r. for a short time | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well maybe he saw your hand slip briefly from the ten and two o’clock position.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sergeant\|sergeant]] | /'sɑ:dʒәnt/ | n. 警察小队长, 军士 | n. any of several noncommissioned officer ranks in the Army or Air Force or Mari | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Maybe it’s uh Sergeant Sagittarius coming back to flirt some more!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixty\|sixty]] | /'siksti/ | num. 六十, 六十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and six | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Ah no. I don’t, but it could not have been more than sixty.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weirdest\|weirdest]] |  | 怪异的 | s suggesting the operation of supernatural influences | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Y’know of-officer I uh…I had the weirdest dream last night…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#petty\|petty]] | /'peti/ | a. 琐碎的, 小规模的, 小气的, 委琐的 | s. contemptibly narrow in outlook | 1 | 9 | 2 | *It’s Petty.  I’ll be right back with your ticket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insecure\|insecure]] | /.insi'kjuә/ | a. 不安全的, 不牢靠的, 不坚固的, 不稳定的 | a. not firm or firmly fixed; likely to fail or give way | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I’m y’know insecure about my manhood or anything y’know, but I think* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manhood\|manhood]] | /'mænhud/ | n. 成年, 勇气, 男儿 | n. the state of being a man; manly qualities | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I’m y’know insecure about my manhood or anything y’know, but I think* |
