---
season: 7
episode: "18"
title: "The One With Joey&#146;s Award"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E18 — The One With Joey&#146;s Award

*Teleplay by: Brian Boyle*

*Story by: Sherry Bilsing & Ellen Plummer*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Monica are there as Joey is entering excitedly.

**Joey:** Hey! You guys! You’re not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent…

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! *(Joey looks at her.)* I’m sorry, too soon. You go.

**Joey:** Okay. I got [[Friends-词汇总表#nominate\|nominated]] for my part on Days of Our Lives!

**Monica:** Joey!

**Phoebe:** Good for you!

**Monica:** Congratulations! Wow! I can’t believe you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#nominate\|nominated]] for an Emmy!

**Joey:** No-no.

**Monica:** Oh Soap Opera Digest award!

**Joey:** No! I’m up for a Soapie!

**Monica:** Honey? Is that something you’re making up?

**Joey:** No, no, no! It’s real! And it has been since 1998. *(Rachel returns from the bathroom.)* Hey Rach! Rach! I’m up for a Soapie!

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Oh my God! Oh my God!! That is like the third most [[Friends-词汇总表#prestigious\|prestigious]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] award there is!

**Joey:** Thank you! Well, I guess now I know who I’m taking to the awards.

*(Points to Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, stop that! Don’t kid about that! *(Gasps)* Will all the stars be there?

**Joey:** Many are scheduled to appear.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! Oh my God! I can’t go! I’m gonna be too [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]!

**Monica:** *(to Joey)* Okay, I’ll go!

**Rachel:** No!! You are getting married! This is all I have.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: N.Y.U, Ross is giving a lecture.

**Ross:** …and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first [[Friends-词汇总表#hypothesize\|hypothesized]] that the Velociraptor would [[Friends-词汇总表#expand\|expand]] it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#emit\|emit]] a high [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitched]] [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#frighten\|frighten]] it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#predator\|predator]]. *(A student raises his hand.)* Yes Mr. Lewis?

**Lewis:** What kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]]?

**Ross:** Just a high [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitched]] [[Friends-词汇总表#intimidate\|intimidating]] [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]].

**Lewis:** But like how?

**Ross:** Well we-we don’t know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this. *(He makes a high pitched noise and Alan doesn’t know what to make of it.)* Of course, this is just [[Friends-词汇总表#conjecture\|conjecture]]. Okay, that’s uh, that’s all for today. *(Everyone starts to get up.)* Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?

**Morse:** Yes [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Ross:** Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exam]], I’m afraid I-I had to [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|fail]] you.

**Morse:** *(shocked)* Why?!

**Ross:** Well you need 60% to pass…

**Morse:** What’d I get?

**Ross:** Seven.

**Morse:** That’s not so good.

**Ross:** No-no it’s not. What-what happened there Ned?

**Morse:** Well maybe you can cut me some [[Friends-词汇总表#slack\|slack]]. I’m sort of in love.

**Ross:** Well I’m sorry but, that-that’s really not my problem.

**Morse:** I’m in love with you.

**Ross:** Well that brings me in the [[Friends-词汇总表#loop\|loop]] a little.

**Morse:** You see, that’s why I did so bad on this test. I’m having a hard time [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrating]]. When you’re up there *(Points to the podium)* and you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaching]] and your face gets all serious…you look so good. *(In a sexy voice)* You wear that [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] little [[Friends-词汇总表#turtleneck\|turtleneck]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]]…

**Ross:** Okay! *(Walks away from him.)* Umm, I uh, I’m your teacher. I’m sorry, you’re-you’re a student and I-and I like women. In [[Friends-词汇总表#spite\|spite]] of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Phoebe are drinking coffee and Phoebe notices a cute guy checking them out.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!

**Monica:** Really? *(Looks.)* My God, he’s really cute.

**Phoebe:** Go for it.

**Monica:** Phoebe, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]]!

**Phoebe:** I’m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] and can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sexually\|sexually]] and he would want you to take a [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfy]] the needs that he can no longer [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfill\|fulfill]].

**The Cute Guy:** *(To Monica)* Hi!

**Monica:** Op, can I just tell you something? Very [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flattered]] but umm, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]]. *(Points to her ring.)*

**The Cute Guy:** Wow! Uh, this is kind of embarrassing. I was actually coming over to talk to your friend.

**Monica:** Well you should be [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]]. *(Leaves.)*

**The Cute Guy:** *(To Phoebe)* I thought you knew I was looking at you.

**Phoebe:** I did, but that was really fun.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is sitting in the chair.

**Joey:** *(pretending to be an announcer)* And the [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] is…Joey Tribbiani! *(He then gets excited and goes over to the counter to practice his acceptance speech using a bottle of maple syrup as the award.)* Oh… Wow! I [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] never expected this. I uh, I didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepare]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]. But umm, I’d like to thank *(Rachel enters quietly)* my parents, who’ve always been there for me. I’d also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel…

**Rachel:** I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]]! *(Joey is startled.)* Look at you with your little [[Friends-词汇总表#maple\|maple]] [[Friends-词汇总表#syrup\|syrup]] award!

**Joey:** Yeah may-maybe you don’t tell anyone about this.

**Rachel:** What? No! It’s not a big deal! I do that too, with my [[Friends-词汇总表#shampoo\|shampoo]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]].

**Joey:** Really?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Joey:** What award are you practicing for?

**Rachel:** Grammy, Best New Artist.

**Joey:** Oh, hey listen! The Soapie’s called today and I also get to present an award.

**Rachel:** Ohh that’s great!

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Rachel:** So you’ll definitely get [[Friends-词汇总表#onstage\|onstage]], even if you don’t win.

**Joey:** *(confused)* What you-you don’t think I’m gonna win?

**Rachel:** Well of course I do! But y’know, favorite returning character is a [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] category Joey. I mean you’re up against the guy who [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survived]] his own [[Friends-词汇总表#cremation\|cremation]].

**Joey:** Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it’s just…I’ve never even been [[Friends-词汇总表#nominate\|nominated]] before! I want it so much.

**Rachel:** Well Joey, you’ll probably get it. But you should probably your-your [[Friends-词汇总表#gracious\|gracious]] [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] face. Y’know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappointed]] but also that your [[Friends-词汇总表#colleague\|colleague]] [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserved]] to win. Y’know? So it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] like… *(Does it, you’ll have to see it.)*

**Joey:** Hey! *(Likes it.)*

**Rachel:** Y’know?

**Joey:** You practice losing the Grammies too?

**Rachel:** Oh no, at the Grammies I always win.

**Joey:** Ah.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s Restaurant Kitchen, she’s cooking as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Oh hey!

**Monica:** Hey! How’d your date go with Jake?

**Phoebe:** Oh, great! We couldn’t keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y’know, he’d kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|lean]] over and [[Friends-词汇总表#stroke\|stroke]] my hair and touch my [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]]. *(Does that to Monica.)*

**Monica:** Okay, stop it Phoebe, you’re getting me all [[Friends-词汇总表#tingly\|tingly]].

**Phoebe:** *(laughs)* All I could think of was y’know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"

**Monica:** And did he?

**Phoebe:** I’m a lady Monica, I don’t kiss and tell. But this [[Friends-词汇总表#hickey\|hickey]] speaks for itself. *(She starts to open up her blouse.)*

**Monica:** Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.

**Phoebe:** I just like him so much that I just feel like I’ve had 10 drinks today and I’ve only had six.

**Monica:** Oh, I haven’t had that [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I’m never gonna have that feeling again am I?

**Phoebe:** You sound like a guy.

**Monica:** No, a guy would be saying, "I’m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I’m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I’ve been so [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I’d be giving up! I mean, I…I’m never gonna have a first kiss again.

**Phoebe:** You’ll have a last kiss.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Ross is helping Joey with his tie.

**Ross:** Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on you?

**Joey:** Is that why you wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] my tie?

**Ross:** There’s this kid in my class who said he’s in love with me.

**Joey:** Whoa!

**Rachel:** *(entering from her room)* Whoa what?

**Joey:** Ross has a boyfriend.

**Ross:** I do-I do not have a boyfriend. There’s a guy in one of my classes who-who has a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on me.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Ross:** Yeah! I don’t know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind of…sexy professor [[Friends-词汇总表#vibe\|vibe]]? *(Rachel and Joey both look at him.)*

**Rachel:** Not right now.

**Ross:** It-it—The point is my natural [[Friends-词汇总表#charisma\|charisma]] has made him [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|fail]] his [[Friends-词汇总表#midterm\|midterm]].

**Rachel:** Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y’know you—I couldn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]] and I [[Friends-词汇总表#blush\|blushed]] every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what’s it’s like to be 19 and in love.

**Ross:** Yeah. I guess I can cut him some [[Friends-词汇总表#slack\|slack]].

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Joey:** How’d you get over that teacher?

**Rachel:** I didn’t. I got under him.

**Joey:** *(To Ross)* Problem [[Friends-词汇总表#solve\|solved]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is saying good-bye to her boyfriend Jake at the door to Central Perk.

**Jake:** Bye Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Okay bye. *(They kiss.)*

**Jake:** All right. Bye. *(Backs out the door.)*

**Phoebe:** Bye! *(Phoebe goes over and joins Monica on the couch.)* We said good-bye at the door so as not to [[Friends-词汇总表#flaunt\|flaunt]] our new love.

**Monica:** Phoebe, it’s okay. You don’t have to [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] around me. I-I’ve been thinking about it and umm, y’know what? I’m okay about not having that new relationship [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]…

**Jake:** *(yelling through the window to Phoebe)* I miss you already!!

**Phoebe:** *(yelling back)* I miss you too!!!! *(He walks away.)*

**Monica:** See? That’s what I mean. I mean that, that’s great! But I wouldn’t trade in what I have for that. I mean I’m gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that’s what makes me happy. *(Chandler approaches.)* Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningful\|meaningful]]. It really is don’t you think?

**Chandler:** Oh totally! *(Holds up his finger.)* Pull my [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]].


> [!scene] Scene: The 2001 Soapie Awards, Joey’s category is up next and the presenter walks to the podium.

**Announcer:** Presenting the award for Favorite Returning Male Character is McKensize…


> [!scene] Cut to Joey and Rachel’s table.

**Joey:** *(To Rachel)* This is it! This is my category.

**Rachel:** I know! My God! Do you have your [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]?

**Joey:** Yeah, I got my [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]!

**Rachel:** Do you got your [[Friends-词汇总表#gracious\|gracious]] [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] face?

**Joey:** Yeah. *(Does it.)*

**Rachel:** Now Joey remember, if you win you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] me! You hug me!

**Joey:** Okay. Can I [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] your ass?

**Rachel:** On TV?! Yeah!

**Joey:** ‘Kay!


> [!scene] Cut to the presenter.

**The Presenter:** …in the category of Favorite Returning Male Character the nominees are: John Wheeler from General Hospital *(Applause)*, Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless *(Applause)*, Dunkin Harrington from Passions *(Applause)*, and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives *(Applause)*. And the Soapie goes to…*(She opens the envelope)*…Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!

**Joey:** What the?! *(Joey pounds the table and starts yelling at Rachel, and which is drowned out by applause. Rachel is desperately trying to tell Joey that he’s on TV right now. He finally notices and he does his gracious loser face.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The 2001 Soapie Awards, the announcer is introducing the next presenter.

**Announcer:** Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives. *(Applause as Joey angrily walks to the podium and eyes the trophy.)*

**Joey:** *(angrily and monotone)* Any one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] [[Friends-词汇总表#actress\|actresses]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nominate\|nominated]] for this award tonight [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserves]] to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. *(Shakes his head in disgust.)* The [[Friends-词汇总表#nominee\|nominees]] for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff.

*(There is applause, which Joey disgustedly waits to dye out.) From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop (They start to applaud again, but Joey interrupts in with the rest of the nominees), from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is…(Opens the envelope)…Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. (Applause) Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn’t be with us tonight so I’ll be accepting this award on her behalf. (Realizes something) And I’m sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She’d also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who’s sittin’ right there! (Points at Rachel.) (The music starts and his microphone is turned off, this angers Joey again and he disgustedly exits.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Rachel are entering.

**Rachel:** Joey! Why did we have to [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] out of there so fast?!

**Joey:** Rach we had to get out of there because, look what I won! *(He whips out the award for Best Supporting Actress that he accepted for Jessica.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my God you stole her award!

**Joey:** No-no! No, I’m accepting it on her [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]]. *(He puts it up above the TV to display it.)*

**Rachel:** Joey I don’t think you know what [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] means.

**Joey:** Sure I do! It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#verb\|verb]]! As in, "I behalfin’ it!"

**Rachel:** Joey, you have got to take this back!

**Joey:** But why?! I should’ve won one and I really want it and she didn’t even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.

**Rachel:** *(looking at the award)* No! Joey!

**Joey:** Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of ‘em.

**Rachel:** Do you really want an award you didn’t win?

**Joey:** No! I want an award I did win! But nobody’s giving me any of those! Plus—Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there *(Points to the TV)* right? When people come over they’ll see it and they’ll think I won it.

**Rachel:** Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!

**Joey:** I can [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] that right off.

**Rachel:** Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don’t want to win an award this way. You’re very [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]]. And [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] you’re gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.

**Joey:** All right!

**Rachel:** All right? *(He sets the award down.)* Thank you.

**Joey:** I’ll take it back tomorrow.

**Rachel:** Thank you.

*(He goes into his room and closes the door. Rachel goes to pick it up and…)*

**Joey:** *(opening his door)* If I can’t have it you can’t have it! *(Rachel walks away angrily.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s Classroom, he is writing on the board and Alan is coming in to see him.

**Lewis:** Professor Geller?

**Ross:** *(turning towards him)* Yes Mr. Lewis, how can I help you?

**Lewis:** I know I didn’t do well on my [[Friends-词汇总表#midterm\|midterms]] and stuff but, I was kinda hoping you could change my grade.

**Ross:** And why exactly would I do that? *(Goes back to writing on the board.)*

**Lewis:** Because I’m in love with you.

**Ross:** *(turning around and dragging the chalk down the board)* What?!

**Lewis:** Yeah, I’m all…in love with you and stuff. So could you change my grade?

**Ross:** No!

**Lewis:** Well why not you changed Ned’s grade!

**Ross:** Well that’s different! Okay? Because he, he was actually in love with me!

**Lewis:** No he’s not! He’s totally [[Friends-词汇总表#yank\|yanking]] your chain! He’s done this with three other teachers!

**Ross:** What?

**Lewis:** He’s got a girlfriend!

**Ross:** I can’t believe someone would do that for a grade.

**Lewis:** I know! It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]]. I love you.

*(Ross glares at him.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is sitting on the couch as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Have you seen Chandler?

**Phoebe:** No. Why?

**Monica:** ‘Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I’m not gonna have and it’s freaking me out. I don’t know what to do about it.

**Phoebe:** Okay, don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] it. *(Looking around her.)* Chandler is [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] around so go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] get it out of your system. That guy’s cute. *(Points to a guy sitting behind Monica.)*

**Monica:** Phoebe! Come on I’m serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.

**Phoebe:** No that is the last thing you want to do!

**Monica:** Why?

**Phoebe:** Because you’re marrying him!

**Monica:** You gotta help me out here Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** All right, I’ve never been [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] and I’ve never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubts]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fears]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#anxiety\|anxieties]] about a relationship, do not [[Friends-词汇总表#communicate\|communicate]] them to your [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]].

**Monica:** So I’m not supposed to share my [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubts]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fears]] with the guy I’m gonna spend the rest of my life with?

**Phoebe:** That is correct! Yes, you’re supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] it up [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]].

**Monica:** Your mother told you this?

**Phoebe:** Yes!

**Monica:** The woman that got married a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of times and killed [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] when you were 13?

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! You’re right! Go! *(Monica starts to leave.)* Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it’s too late! Wait no! *(Monica stops.)* Does this also mean putting out doesn’t get you love? *(Monica is shocked.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Silvercup Studios, Joey and Rachel are there to give Jessica her award.

**Rachel:** I cannot believe I’m gonna meet Jessica Ashley!

**Joey:** Okay wait-wait p-please be cool! Okay? I work with this woman.

**Rachel:** Okay, I’m totally cool! *(She coolly knocks on the door)*

**Jessica Ashley:** Come in.

*(The enter.)*

**Joey:** Hey Jessica.

**Rachel:** *(coolly)* Hey Jess.

**Joey:** Ah, this is my friend Rachel.

**Jessica Ashley:** Hi.

**Rachel:** ‘Sup? *(Joey glares at her.)*

**Joey:** Uh listen, here’s your Soapie. I accepted it for ya. *(Hands it to her.)*

**Jessica Ashley:** *(shocked)* Oh my God! I won! Do you have any idea what this means?! *(She rolls her eyes and throws it onto the couch.)*

**Joey:** Well, that-that-that’s it? You’re gonna, you’re gonna put it on your self or anything?

**Jessica Ashley:** No, I try to save that for real awards. Now, if you’ll excuse me. *(She exits.)*

**Joey:** *(To Rachel)* Take it back?

**Rachel:** Absolutely.

**Joey:** Y-y-yeah! *(As they start to leave, Rachel pauses and steals a vase with flowers in it.)* Yeah you do. *(They exit.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is talking to Chandler.

**Monica:** Honey, as we get [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?

**Chandler:** Okay. Well, I think the [[Friends-词汇总表#centerpiece\|centerpieces]] are too big

**Monica:** You’re wrong! The [[Friends-词汇总表#centerpiece\|centerpieces]] are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?

**Chandler:** Kinda. They’re really big.

**Monica:** Doesn’t it ever just freak you out that-that you’re never gonna be with anybody new again?

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** Just, I love you so much. Just…It’s just sometimes it [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothers]] me that I’m never gonna have that [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]. Y’know when you meet someone for the first time and it’s new and exciting? Y’know that [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]]?

**Chandler:** No. No, see when I first meet somebody it’s uh it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panic]], [[Friends-词汇总表#anxiety\|anxiety]], and a great deal of [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweating]].

**Monica:** Okay, but all right you’re a guy, does it not freak you that you’re never gonna sleep with anybody else?

**Chandler:** Sleeping with somebody new, [[Friends-词汇总表#anxiety\|anxiety]], [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panic]], and I’m afraid even more [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweating]].

**Monica:** Even with me?

**Chandler:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerously\|dangerously]] [[Friends-词汇总表#dehydrate\|dehydrated]] during the first six months of our relationship. *(Monica laughs.)* Look, for me the [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** Well yeah! But now that I know that you’re having these thoughts, I’m back to [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panic]], [[Friends-词汇总表#anxiety\|anxiety]], and uh I’m definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.

**Monica:** Come here! Come here! *(They hug.)* Sweetie you don’t have to worry. No, [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] y’know what? I’m gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid…

**Chandler:** *(hoarsely)* Water! Water! Water!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s classroom, he has just finished his lecture and the students are filing out.

**Ross:** Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?

**Morse:** *(walking up)* That was a great [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] today. Did you get a little hair cut?

**Ross:** Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I’m changing your grade back.

**Morse:** What?! Why?

**Ross:** ‘Cause I know what you’re trying to pull here. Okay? It’s not gonna work.

**Morse:** I’m not trying to pull anything. Look I love you dude.

**Ross:** Y’know what? I-I’m not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay—*(Ned looks shocked)*—Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don’t love me and you never did! *(Ross turns around to make a grand exit but runs into two colleagues.)* Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I’ll be right with you. *(To Ned)* Don’t make this worse and I’ll give you a C. *(To the professors)* Shall we? *(They leave.)* Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Phoebe is entering.

**Phoebe:** Rach?

**Rachel:** I’ll be out in a second.

*(Phoebe notices the Soapie on the counter.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh. *(Picks it up.)* It’s just so [[Friends-词汇总表#unexpected\|unexpected]]! I…I uh…Boy I’ll tell you it’s just such an [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] to be [[Friends-词汇总表#nominate\|nominated]] for a Nobel Prize and y’know to win one for a [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]]. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best [[Friends-词汇总表#actress\|actress]] in…

**Rachel:** *(entering from her room)* Honey, we have to go. Our [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservations]] are at 8:00.

**Phoebe:** …in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. *(To an imaginary Neil Simon)* Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words. *(Blows him a kiss.)*

**Rachel:** Okay honey, you can finish this later we’re gonna be late. We gotta go.

**Phoebe:** Please, don’t play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT’S SATURDAY NIGHT!!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 5 | 211 | 141 | *Oh, stop that! Don’t kid about that!  Will all the stars be there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 5 | 219 | 100 | *All I could think of was y’know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 4 | 279 | 145 | *Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 4 | 281 | 110 | *Bye Phoebe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 3 | 422 | 131 | *No!! You are getting married! This is all I have.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 3 | 217 | 129 | *No, a guy would be saying, "I’m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I’m never gon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 3 | 82 | 60 | *Oh totally!  Pull my finger.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Thank you! Well, I guess now I know who I’m taking to the awards.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I’m afraid I-I had to fail you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Really?  My God, he’s really cute.* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 2 | 110 | 60 | *And the winner is…Joey Tribbiani!  Oh… Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn’t prepare a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 2 | 96 | 75 | *So you’ll definitely get onstage, even if you don’t win.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *Ross has a boyfriend.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 2 | 92 | 55 | *He’s got a girlfriend!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *So I’m not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I’m gonna spend the rest of my life wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 2 | 99 | 81 | *Doesn’t it ever just freak you out that-that you’re never gonna be with anybody new again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *No-no it’s not. What-what happened there Ned?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *You see, that’s why I did so bad on this test. I’m having a hard time concentrating. When you’re up * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *You practice losing the Grammies too?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *I’m a lady Monica, I don’t kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *I’m a lady Monica, I don’t kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *I just like him so much that I just feel like I’ve had 10 drinks today and I’ve only had six.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *No, a guy would be saying, "I’m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I’m never gon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *See? That’s what I mean. I mean that, that’s great! But I wouldn’t trade in what I have for that. I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Oh my God you stole her award!* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Professor Geller?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *I know I didn’t do well on my midterms and stuff but, I was kinda hoping you could change my grade.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *And why exactly would I do that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *So I’m not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I’m gonna spend the rest of my life wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *You’re wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Just, I love you so much. Just…It’s just sometimes it bothers me that I’m never gonna have that feel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Come here! Come here!  Sweetie you don’t have to worry. No, besides y’know what? I’m gonna have a lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Y’know what? I-I’m not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Okay honey, you can finish this later we’re gonna be late. We gotta go.* |

### 常用词（64）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 3 | 40 | 26 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 3 | 40 | 20 | *Phoebe, I’m engaged!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] | /spi:tʃ/ | n. 演讲, 说话, 谈话, 言语, 引语, 民族语言 | n. (language) communication by word of mouth | 3 | 45 | 22 | *And the winner is…Joey Tribbiani!  Oh… Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn’t prepare a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 3 | 49 | 33 | *Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 3 | 29 | 25 | *Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panic]] | /'pænik/ | n. 恐慌, 惊慌 | n. an overwhelming feeling of fear and anxiety | 3 | 13 | 10 | *No. No, see when I first meet somebody it’s uh it’s mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 2 | 46 | 26 | *Oh Soap Opera Digest award!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] | /'ɒpәrә/ | n. 歌剧 | n. a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and a | 2 | 24 | 14 | *Oh Soap Opera Digest award!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|fail]] | /feil/ | vi. 失败, 缺乏, 中断, 衰退, 失灵 | v. fail to do something; leave something undone | 2 | 14 | 10 | *Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I’m afraid I-I had to fail you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 2 | 23 | 19 | *You see, that’s why I did so bad on this test. I’m having a hard time concentrating. When you’re up * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 2 | 32 | 24 | *Well Joey, you’ll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y’know whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 2 | 31 | 22 | *Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 2 | 73 | 45 | *Now Joey remember, if you win you have to hug me! You hug me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] | /daut/ | n. 怀疑, 疑惑 | n. the state of being unsure of something | 2 | 17 | 14 | *All right, I’ve never been engaged and I’ve never really been married, but I can only tell you what * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]] | /fiә/ | n. 恐怖, 害怕, 担心 | n. an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usual | 2 | 29 | 14 | *All right, I’ve never been engaged and I’ve never really been married, but I can only tell you what * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 2 | 22 | 19 | *No. No, see when I first meet somebody it’s uh it’s mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservation]] | /.rezә'veiʃәn/ | n. 保留, 预定, 保留品, 保留地 | n. a district that is reserved for particular purpose | 2 | 20 | 14 | *Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Congratulations! Wow! I can’t believe you’re nominated for an Emmy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Oh my God! Oh my God! I can’t go! I’m gonna be too nervous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Yes sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] | /'æksidәnt/ | n. 意外事件, 机遇, 事故, 次要方面 | n. an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury | 1 | 24 | 22 | *I’m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can’t perform se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] | /pә'fɒ:m/ | vt. 进行, 履行, 完成, 执行, 表演 | v. carry out or perform an action | 1 | 15 | 12 | *I’m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can’t perform se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *I’m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can’t perform se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *Well you should be embarrassed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] | /'winә/ | n. 胜利者, 优胜者 | n. the contestant who wins the contest | 1 | 16 | 13 | *And the winner is…Joey Tribbiani!  Oh… Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn’t prepare a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] | /'ɒnistli/ | adv. 真诚地, 公正地 | r. (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the ca | 1 | 11 | 10 | *And the winner is…Joey Tribbiani!  Oh… Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn’t prepare a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepare]] | /pri'pєә/ | vt. 准备, 筹备, 使在思想上有准备, 制造, 调制 | v. to prepare verbally, either for written or spoken delivery | 1 | 10 | 10 | *And the winner is…Joey Tribbiani!  Oh… Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn’t prepare a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | num. 第四, 四分之一 | n. following the third position; number four in a countable series | 1 | 21 | 15 | *I’m fourth!  Look at you with your little maple syrup award!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *What? No! It’s not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Well of course I do! But y’know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you’r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappoint]] | /.disә'pɒint/ | vt. 使失望 | v. fail to meet the hopes or expectations of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Well Joey, you’ll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y’know whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Well Joey, you’ll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y’know whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sorta\|sorta]] | /'sɔ:tә/ | adv. 有几分地 |  | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Well Joey, you’ll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y’know whe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|lean]] | /li:n/ | n. 瘦肉, 倾斜, 倾斜度 | v. to incline or bend from a vertical position | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Oh, great! We couldn’t keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] | /nek/ | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈 | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Oh, great! We couldn’t keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *No, a guy would be saying, "I’m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I’m never gon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#solve\|solve]] | /sɒlv/ | vt. 解决, 付给, 溶解 | v. find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Problem solved.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tip]] | /tip/ | n. 顶, 尖端, 梢, 末端, 倾斜, 垃圾场, 小费, 轻击, 指点, 秘密消息 | n. the extreme end of something; especially something pointed | 1 | 33 | 24 | *Phoebe, it’s okay. You don’t have to tip toe around me. I-I’ve been thinking about it and umm, y’kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] | /tәu/ | n. 足趾, 趾部, 脚趾 | n. one of the digits of the foot | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Phoebe, it’s okay. You don’t have to tip toe around me. I-I’ve been thinking about it and umm, y’kno* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Oh totally!  Pull my finger.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Okay. Can I squeeze your ass?* |
| kay | /kei/ | n. 字母K, K字形物 |  | 1 | 17 | 13 | *‘Kay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] | /'briljәnt/ | a. 光辉的, 灿烂的, 有才气的 | s. of surpassing excellence | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]] | /ʌn'fɔ:tjjnәtli/ | adv. 恐怕, 不幸的是 | r. by bad luck | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] | /skrætʃ/ | n. 抓痕, 搔, 抓, 擦伤, 刮擦声, 乱写, 零分, 起跑线 | n. a competitor who has withdrawn from competition | 1 | 16 | 14 | *I can scratch that right off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] | /'tælәntid/ | a. 天资高的, 有才能的 | a. endowed with talent or talents | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don’t want to win an award this way. You* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] | /'sʌmdei/ | adv. 有一天 | r. some unspecified time in the future | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don’t want to win an award this way. You* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *I know! It’s awful. I love you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] | /'nәuhwєә/ | adv. 无处, 到处都无 | n. an insignificant place | 1 | 15 | 15 | *Okay, don’t sweat it.  Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy’s * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Okay, don’t sweat it.  Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy’s * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *All right, I’ve never been engaged and I’ve never really been married, but I can only tell you what * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *All right, I’ve never been engaged and I’ve never really been married, but I can only tell you what * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *That is correct! Yes, you’re supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 1 | 27 | 23 | *The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Oh my God! You’re right! Go!  Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it’s too late! Wait no!  Does this also* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Just, I love you so much. Just…It’s just sometimes it bothers me that I’m never gonna have that feel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] | /'mәustli/ | adv. 大概, 大部分, 主要 | r in large part; mainly or chiefly | 1 | 12 | 12 | *No. No, see when I first meet somebody it’s uh it’s mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Come here! Come here!  Sweetie you don’t have to worry. No, besides y’know what? I’m gonna have a lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] | /'lektʃә/ | n. 演讲, 谴责, 讲稿 | n. a speech that is open to the public | 1 | 15 | 10 | *That was a great lecture today. Did you get a little hair cut?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] | /'ɒnә/ | n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章 | n. the state of being honored | 1 | 29 | 13 | *Oh.  It’s just so unexpected! I…I uh…Boy I’ll tell you it’s just such an honor to be nominated for a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *Oh.  It’s just so unexpected! I…I uh…Boy I’ll tell you it’s just such an honor to be nominated for a* |
| tony | /'tәuni/ | a. 高贵的, 时髦的 | n. A simpleton. | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Oh.  It’s just so unexpected! I…I uh…Boy I’ll tell you it’s just such an honor to be nominated for a* |

### 低频词（74）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nominate\|nominate]] | /'nɒmineit/ | vt. 提名, 任命, 命名 | v. propose as a candidate for some honor | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Okay. I got nominated for my part on Days of Our Lives!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soapie\|soapie]] | /'sәjpi/ | n. <口>肥皂剧(=soap opera) |  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *No! I’m up for a Soapie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actress\|actress]] | /'æktris/ | n. 女演员 | n. a female actor | 4 | 13 | 8 | *Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#morse\|morse]] | /mɒ:s/ | n. 摩尔斯电码 | n. a telegraph code in which letters and numbers are represented by strings of d | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Well we-we don’t know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this.  Of course, this i* |
| ned | /ned/ | 牛津大词典 |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *No-no it’s not. What-what happened there Ned?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anxiety\|anxiety]] | /æŋ'zaiәti/ | n. 焦虑, 忧虑, 令人焦虑的事 | n. (psychiatry) a relatively permanent state of worry and nervousness occurring  | 3 | 1 | 1 | *No. No, see when I first meet somebody it’s uh it’s mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitch]] | /pitʃ/ | n. 程度, 坡度, 顶点, 前倾, 倾斜, 投掷, 音高, 螺距, 节距, 摊位, 树脂, 沥青 | n. the property of sound that varies with variation in the frequency of vibratio | 2 | 7 | 6 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lewis\|lewis]] | /'lu:is/ | n. 吊楔 | n. United States rock star singer and pianist (born in 1935) | 2 | 8 | 5 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slack\|slack]] | /slæk/ | n. 松弛, 松懈, 淡季, 闲散, 家常裤 | n. dust consisting of a mixture of small coal fragments and coal dust and dirt t | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Well maybe you can cut me some slack. I’m sort of in love.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grammy\|grammy]] | /'græmi/ | n. 格兰密唱片奖 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Grammy, Best New Artist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gracious\|gracious]] | /'greiʃәs/ | a. 亲切的, 慈善的 | a. characterized by charm, good taste, and generosity of spirit | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well Joey, you’ll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y’know whe* |
| grammies |  | [网络] 格莱美奖 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *You practice losing the Grammies too?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] | /bi'hɑ:f/ | n. 利益, 方面 | n. as the agent of or on someone's part (usually expressed as "on behalf of" rat | 2 | 10 | 8 | *No-no! No, I’m accepting it on her behalf.* |
| jessica | /'dʒesikә/ | n. 杰西卡（女子名） |  | 2 | 15 | 5 | *I cannot believe I’m gonna meet Jessica Ashley!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#centerpiece\|centerpiece]] | /'sentәpi:s/ | n. 中心装饰品；放在餐桌中央的摆饰 | n. the central or most important feature | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big* |
| neil |  | n. 尼尔（男子名） |  | 2 | 6 | 4 | *…in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon.  Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emmy\|emmy]] | /'emi/ | n. 埃米奖(美国电视艺术奖) | n. an annual award by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences for outstandin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Congratulations! Wow! I can’t believe you’re nominated for an Emmy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#digest\|digest]] | /di'dʒest/ | n. 文摘 | n. a periodical that summarizes the news | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Oh Soap Opera Digest award!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prestigious\|prestigious]] | /pre'stidʒiәs/ | a. 享有声望的 | s. exerting influence by reason of high status or prestige | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God! Oh my God!! That is like the third most prestigious soap opera award there is!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ernst\|ernst]] | /ɛrnst/ | n. 恩斯特（人名）；艾伦斯特（人名） | n. painter (born in Germany, resident of France and the United States) who was a | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hypothesize\|hypothesize]] | /hai'pɔθisaiz/ | vt. 假设, 假定 | v to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#velociraptor\|velociraptor]] | /vəˌlɒsɪˈræptə(r)/ | n. 迅猛龙（二足、肉食性的有羽毛恐龙, 能高速奔跑。电影《侏罗纪公园》系列中的重要角色） | n. small active carnivore that probably fed on protoceratops; possibly related m | 1 | 3 | 2 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expand\|expand]] | /ik'spænd/ | vt. 使膨胀, 详述, 扩张 | v. extend in one or more directions | 1 | 4 | 4 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] | /'kɒlә/ | n. 衣领, 颈圈 | n. a band that fits around the neck and is usually folded over | 1 | 7 | 6 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emit\|emit]] | /i'mit/ | vt. 发出, 放射, 发表(意见等), 散发, 发行 | v. expel (gases or odors) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frighten\|frighten]] | /'fraitn/ | vt. 使惊吓 | v. cause fear in | 1 | 8 | 7 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#predator\|predator]] | /'predәtә/ | n. 食肉动物, 掠夺者 | n. any animal that lives by preying on other animals | 1 | 3 | 3 | *…and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it’s collar and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intimidate\|intimidate]] | /in'timideit/ | vt. 威胁, 恐吓 | v. make timid or fearful | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Just a high pitched intimidating noise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conjecture\|conjecture]] | /kәn'dʒektʃә/ | n. 推测, 猜想, 揣摩 | n. reasoning that involves the formation of conclusions from incomplete evidence | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well we-we don’t know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this.  Of course, this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exam]] | /ig'zæm/ | n. 考试, 测验 | n a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I’m afraid I-I had to fail you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loop\|loop]] | /lu:p/ | n. 环, 圈, 弯曲部分, 循环 | n. anything with a round or oval shape (formed by a curve that is closed and doe | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well that brings me in the loop a little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]] | /'kɒnsәntreit/ | n. 浓缩, 精选 | n. a concentrated form of a foodstuff; the bulk is reduced by removing water | 1 | 7 | 6 | *You see, that’s why I did so bad on this test. I’m having a hard time concentrating. When you’re up * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turtleneck\|turtleneck]] | /'tә:tlnek/ | n. 圆翻领, 高翻领毛衣 | n. a sweater or jersey with a high close-fitting collar | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You see, that’s why I did so bad on this test. I’m having a hard time concentrating. When you’re up * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spite\|spite]] | /spait/ | n. 恶意, 怨恨, 使人烦恼的事物 | n feeling a need to see others suffer | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay!  Umm, I uh, I’m your teacher. I’m sorry, you’re-you’re a student and I-and I like women. In sp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexually\|sexually]] |  | adv. 性别地；两性之间地 | r. with respect to sexuality | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I’m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can’t perform se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfy]] | /'sætisfai/ | vt. 使满意, 满足, 符合, 使确信, 赔偿 | v. meet the requirements or expectations of | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I’m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can’t perform se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfill\|fulfill]] | /ful'fil/ | vt. 实践, 履行, 实行, 完成, 结束, 满足 | v put in effect | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can’t perform se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flatter]] | /'flætә/ | vt. 奉承, 阿谀, 使高兴 | v. praise somewhat dishonestly | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I’m engaged.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maple\|maple]] | /'meipl/ | n. 枫, 枫木, 淡棕色 | n. wood of any of various maple trees; especially the hard close-grained wood of | 1 | 8 | 4 | *I’m fourth!  Look at you with your little maple syrup award!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#syrup\|syrup]] | /'sirәp/ | n. 糖浆, 果汁 | n. a thick sweet sticky liquid | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’m fourth!  Look at you with your little maple syrup award!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shampoo\|shampoo]] | /ʃæm'pu:/ | n. 洗头, 洗发剂 | n. cleansing agent consisting of soaps or detergents used for washing the hair | 1 | 8 | 6 | *What? No! It’s not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#onstage\|onstage]] | /'ɔn'steidʒ/ | adv. 在前台 | a. situated or taking place on the area of a stage visible to the audience | 1 | 3 | 2 | *So you’ll definitely get onstage, even if you don’t win.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]] | /sә'vaiv/ | vt. 比...活得长, 生存, 生还, 幸免于 | v. continue to live through hardship or adversity | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Well of course I do! But y’know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you’r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cremation\|cremation]] | /kri'meiʃәn/ | n. 烧, 火葬 | n. the incineration of a dead body | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well of course I do! But y’know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you’r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colleague\|colleague]] | /'kɒli:g/ | n. 同事, 同僚 | n. an associate that one works with | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well Joey, you’ll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y’know whe* |
| jake | /dʒeik/ | a. 满意的, 上等的 |  | 1 | 8 | 3 | *Hey! How’d your date go with Jake?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stroke\|stroke]] | /strәuk/ | n. 笔划, 打, 中风, 抚, 摩, 冲程 | n. (sports) the act of swinging or striking at a ball with a club or racket or b | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, great! We couldn’t keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tingly\|tingly]] | /'tiŋɡli/ | a. 有刺痛感的；引起激动的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, stop it Phoebe, you’re getting me all tingly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hickey\|hickey]] | /'hiki/ | n. [口]器械；[俚]唇印；螺纹接合器；弯管器 | n. a temporary red mark on a person's skin resulting from kissing or sucking by  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *I’m a lady Monica, I don’t kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vibe\|vibe]] | /vaɪb/ | n. 感应 | n a distinctive emotional aura experienced instinctively | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah! I don’t know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charisma\|charisma]] | /kә'rizmә/ | n. 非凡的领导力, 神秘的个人魅力, 神授的能力 | n. a personal attractiveness or interestingness that enables you to influence ot | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It-it—The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#midterm\|midterm]] | /'midtә:m/ | a. 中期的 | n. the middle of the gestation period | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It-it—The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blush\|blush]] | /blʌʃ/ | vi. 脸红, 羞愧 | n. sudden reddening of the face (as from embarrassment or guilt or shame or mode | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y’know you—I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flaunt\|flaunt]] | /flaunt/ | n. 炫耀, 飘扬 | n. the act of displaying something ostentatiously | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Bye!  We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningful\|meaningful]] | /'mi:niŋful/ | a. 意味深长的 | a. having a meaning or purpose | 1 | 4 | 3 | *See? That’s what I mean. I mean that, that’s great! But I wouldn’t trade in what I have for that. I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nominee\|nominee]] | /.nɒmi'ni:/ | n. 被提名者, 被任命者 | n a politician who is running for public office | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passion\|passion]] | /'pæʃәn/ | n. 激情, 酷爱, 热爱, 强烈感情, 耶稣受难(故事) | n. a strong feeling or emotion | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erin\|erin]] | /'iәrin/ | n. 爱尔兰 | n. an early name of Ireland that is now used in poetry | 1 | 10 | 4 | *Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goff\|goff]] |  | 戈夫（地名） | n. A silly clown. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfort* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#verb\|verb]] | /vә:b/ | n. 动词 | n. the word class that serves as the predicate of a sentence | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Sure I do! It’s a verb! As in, "I behalfin’ it!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yank\|yank]] | /jæŋk/ | v. 猛拉 | v. pull, or move with a sudden movement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No he’s not! He’s totally yanking your chain! He’s done this with three other teachers!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#communicate\|communicate]] | /kә'mju:nikeit/ | vt. 显露, 传达, 感染 | v. transmit information | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, I’ve never been engaged and I’ve never really been married, but I can only tell you what * |
| ashley |  | n. 艾希莉（人名） |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *I cannot believe I’m gonna meet Jessica Ashley!* |
| jess | /dʒes/ | n. 鹰的脚带 | n. A short strap of leather or silk secured round the leg of a | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey Jess.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sup\|sup]] | /sʌp/ | n. 一口 | v. take solid or liquid food into the mouth a little at a time either by drinkin | 1 | 7 | 4 | *‘Sup?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dangerously\|dangerously]] |  | adv. 危险, 不安全 | r in a dangerous manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship.  Look, for me the rush* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dehydrate\|dehydrate]] | /.di:'haidreit/ | vt. (使)脱水 | v. preserve by removing all water and liquids from | 1 | 5 | 3 | *I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship.  Look, for me the rush* |
| looove |  | [网络] 爱 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I’m changing you* |
| winston | /'winstәn/ | n. 温斯顿（姓氏, 男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y’know what? I-I’m not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fredrickson\|fredrickson]] |  | [人名] 弗雷德里克森 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Y’know what? I-I’m not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unexpected\|unexpected]] | /.ʌnik'spektid/ | a. 料想不到的, 突然的, 意外的 | a. not expected or anticipated | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh.  It’s just so unexpected! I…I uh…Boy I’ll tell you it’s just such an honor to be nominated for a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nobel\|nobel]] | /'nәubel/ | n. 诺贝尔 | n. Swedish chemist remembered for his invention of dynamite and for the bequest  | 1 | 12 | 5 | *Oh.  It’s just so unexpected! I…I uh…Boy I’ll tell you it’s just such an honor to be nominated for a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prize\|prize]] | /praiz/ | n. 奖赏, 奖金, 奖品, 战利品, 捕获 | n. something given for victory or superiority in a contest or competition or for | 1 | 13 | 6 | *Oh.  It’s just so unexpected! I…I uh…Boy I’ll tell you it’s just such an honor to be nominated for a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#simon\|simon]] | /'saimәn/ | n. 西蒙（男子名） | n. one of the twelve Apostles (first century) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *…in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon.  Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.* |
