---
season: 7
episode: "02"
title: "The One With Rachel&#146;s Book"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E02 — The One With Rachel&#146;s Book

*Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, everyone is there having breakfast and Joey enters carrying a loaf of bread.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Joey:** Who wants French [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]]?

**Ross:** Oh, I’ll have some!

**Joey:** Good, me too. *(Tosses him the loaf.)* Eggs and [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] are in the [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]. Thanks.

**Monica:** *(entering from her room)* Oww!

**Chandler:** What’s the matter honey?

**Monica:** I don’t know, my hand feels weird. I guess it’s because, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]]! *(Shows off the ring.)* How long before it starts getting [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]]?

**Phoebe:** It starts?

**Rachel:** Yeah, so let’s get started on the wedding plans!

**Monica:** Okay! *(Runs off.)*

**Chandler:** *(incredulous)* Already?!

**Rachel:** Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterers]], the music…

**Chandler:** Oh, I got some thoughts on that.

**Rachel:** Oh wait Chandler, too many [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooks]]…

**Ross:** Take from me, as the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.

**Monica:** *(returning)* Okay! *(Sets down a huge 3" 3-ring binder on the table.)*

**Chandler:** What in God’s name is that?!

**Ross:** Oh my God, the wedding book?! I haven’t seen that since the [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] grade!

**Monica:** This baby has got everything. Take y’know, locations for [[Friends-词汇总表#instance\|instance]].

*(She opens up the binder to the locations chapter.) First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.*

**Phoebe:** That is so smart! *(To Chandler, under her breath)* Break it off. Break it off now.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: A Classroom, Ross is giving a lecture.

**Ross:** And that should [[Friends-词汇总表#conclusively\|conclusively]] [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let’s take a look at… *(Phoebe rushes in.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey! Ross!

**Ross:** Phoebe, oh my God! Wh-wh-what are you doing here?

**Phoebe:** I need to talk to you, it’s pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]]. It’s about Monica and Chandler.

**Ross:** Oh my God! Of course, of course. *(To the class.)* Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other’s [[Friends-词汇总表#hometown\|hometowns]]? Why don’t you… *(Motions that they should learn everyone’s hometown.)* *(To Phoebe)* Wh-what’s going on?

**Phoebe:** Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y’know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?

**Ross:** Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what’s wrong with Monica and Chandler?

**Phoebe:** Nothing—Why?!

**Ross:** Phoebe, you said it was [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah it is! I’m going to the movies and it starts in like five minutes.

**Ross:** Do you realize I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#classroom\|classroom]] full of students?

**Phoebe:** *(to the students)* Oh, I’m sorry. I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]]. Does anyone want to come to the movies?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Rachel and Monica are pretty much telling Chandler what the wedding plans are.

**Monica:** All right, so I haven’t cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Monica:** All right umm, a string [[Friends-词汇总表#quartet\|quartet]] for the [[Friends-词汇总表#procession\|procession]].

**Rachel:** Aw.

**Monica:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#jazz\|jazz]] [[Friends-词汇总表#trio\|trio]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktails]]. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] grade wedding.

**Chandler:** Well, you couldn’t get them anyway. Ian doesn’t plan anymore and Derrick… *(Off of Rachel and Monica’s looks)* And Derrick is a name I shouldn’t know.

**Joey:** *(sitting up from the couch)* Hey Mon, do you have another [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]]? *(Holds up one.)* Y’know, something a little snugglyer?

**Chandler:** Why are you [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|napping]] over here instead of over at your place?

**Joey:** Well, the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]]…

**Rachel:** What?! The [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]]?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!

**Joey:** Uh, well he did not get [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] in there and it was immediately found and [[Friends-词汇总表#properly\|properly]] cleaned up!

**Chandler:** Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]] in the wedding?

**Monica:** Of course you can look at it! Yeah, I want your opinion too!

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** Here you go! What do you think about [[Friends-词汇总表#centerpiece\|centerpieces]]?

**Chandler:** Centerpieces!

**Monica:** Yeah! Roses or Lilies? *(Holds up a picture of each.)*

**Chandler:** Definitely roses. *(Monica and Rachel exchange a look.)* Well, I just think they’re a little more weddingy. *(Monica holds the Lily picture closer to him.)* But Lilies are the clear choice.

**Monica:** Oh my God! It’s like one mind.

**Chandler:** Uh-huh!

**Joey:** *(sitting up again)* Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]]! Ugh, I’m gonna get [[Friends-词汇总表#cranky\|cranky]]!

**Rachel:** Joey, there is a [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] good [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] across the hall!

**Joey:** Yes it is [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] good, and it is not one of the places the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] got [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]!

**Rachel:** What?!

**Joey:** All right, I’m gonna go! *(Gets up and heads for the door.)*

**Rachel:** Now Joey, what did the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] do?!

**Joey:** I don’t know! But he did not eat your face [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]]!


> [!scene] Cut to Joey and Rachel’s, Joey enters and heads for his bedroom. He pushes open the door to find the duck.

**Joey:** Hey little buddy, how are you [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]? *(The duck does not get sick and Joey recoils in horror and heads for the couch.)* What the hell is in that face [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]]?

*(He’s about to try out the couch but notices the bed in Rachel’s room. He walks into her room and feels the bed.) That’s so soft. (He pulls back the comforter.) Pillowcases! (He climbs in and groans in delight. Suddenly, he feels something under him and pulls out a little beat up paperback book. He opens it and starts to read from it.)*

*(In his head.) Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar…(Stops reading and thinks.) The vicar? (Continues reading) …wouldn’t be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his…(Out loud.) Whoa! (Reads on in silence.) Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book! (Continues to read.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s apartment, Phoebe has moved in and has a massage client on her table she’s set up in the living room. Ross enters and is shocked to see a naked man lying on the table.

**Ross:** Uh, Phoebe…

**Phoebe:** Oh Ross, hi.

**Ross:** Phoebe, what are you doing?

**Phoebe:** I’m sorry, I’m with a client right now.

**Ross:** Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** Okay, let’s talk outside.

*(They go into the hall.)*

**Ross:** Phoebe, you can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] people in my apartment!

**Phoebe:** What’s the big deal? I did it at Monica and Chandler’s!

**Ross:** And they knew about it?

**Phoebe:** *(pause as she considers it)* Okay, well Ross, what is this really about?

**Ross:** Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] I want!

**Phoebe:** Okay, I will find [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] else to do the rest of my [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointments]]. I just don’t know what the big deal is!

**Ross:** The big deal is I don’t want naked, [[Friends-词汇总表#greasy\|greasy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|strangers]] in my apartment when I want to kick back with a [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzle]]—[[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]! Cold beer.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is sweeping up as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Hey Joey, what ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#cha\|cha]] doing?

**Joey:** Sweepin’. Why? Turn you on?

**Rachel:** No.

**Joey:** Huh. What if I was [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweeping]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#chimney\|chimney]]?

**Rachel:** Joey, did you my face [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]]?

*(She walks into her bedroom.)*

**Joey:** Where are you going? The [[Friends-词汇总表#vicar\|vicar]] won’t be home for hours.

*(She comes back out.)*

**Rachel:** Joey, *(nervously)* where did you learn that word?

**Joey:** Where do you think, *(pause)* Zelda?

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* You found my book?!

**Joey:** Yeah I did!

**Rachel:** Joey, what-what are you doing going into my [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]?!

**Joey:** Okay, look I’m sorry, I went in there to take a [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] and I know I shouldn’t have, but you got porn!

**Rachel:** Hey-hey, y’know what? I don’t care! I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#ashamed\|ashamed]] of my book. There’s nothing with a woman enjoying a little…erotica. It’s just a [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#expression\|expression]] of female [[Friends-词汇总表#sexuality\|sexuality]], which by the way, you will never understand. *(She goes into her room.)*

**Joey:** You got porn!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is coming out of the living room carrying his salad and a puzzle—beer! Cold beer. And he decides to fold up Phoebe’s massage table, but being Ross has trouble with it as there is a knock on the door. He sets the table back up and opens the door to reveal a beautiful woman.

**Ross:** Hello.

**Woman:** Hi, is uh Phoebe here?

**Ross:** Uh no-no, she-she’s out for the night.

**Woman:** Ohh great.

**Ross:** Can I, can I help you with something?

**Woman:** Well, I don’t know. Are you a [[Friends-词汇总表#masseur\|masseur]]?

**Ross:** *(deadpan)* Yes I am.

**Woman:** Great! *(Calls down the hall)* Dad! *(Her old father walks in.)* Thank you so much, I’ll be back to pick him up in an hour. *(She walks away.)*

*(Ross isn’t happy and closes the door slowly.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, Monica and Chandler are having dinner with her parents.] Mrs. Geller: So Chandler, you’re parents must’ve been thrilled when you told them you were engaged.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, I should probably call them. Mr. Geller: I remember when we first got [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]].

**Chandler:** Oh, I don’t think I ever heard that story.

**Monica:** Oh dad, really you don’t need to… Mr. Geller: *(ignoring her)* Well, I’d gotten Judy [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]. I still don’t know that happened. Mrs. Geller: *(incredulous)* You don’t know how that happened?! Your dog thought my [[Friends-词汇总表#diaphragm\|diaphragm]] was a [[Friends-词汇总表#chew\|chew]] [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]]!

**Chandler:** What a sweet story.

**Monica:** Well, at least you’re not hearing it for the first time at your [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] grade Halloween party. Mr. Geller: What?! They wanted a [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] story!

**Monica:** Anyway, we’re really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we’ll be making a big [[Friends-词汇总表#withdrawal\|withdrawal]] from the Monica wedding fund.

*(Chandler and her laugh, but her parents don’t.) What? Mrs. Geller: You tell her Jack, I can’t do it.*

**Monica:** What happened? You still have the Monica wedding fund don’t you? Mr. Geller: We have it. Only now, we call it the beach house.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, scene continued from before the break.

**Monica:** I don’t believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house! Mrs. Geller: We’re sorry honey, but we just [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assumed]] if you got married after you turned 30 you’d pay for it yourself.

**Monica:** You bought the beach house when I was 23! Mr. Geller: Which means you had seven years of beach fun and you can’t put a price on that sweetie. Mrs. Geller: We really do feel bad about this though. Mr. Geller: We started saving again when you were dating Richard and then that went to hell, so we [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redid]] the kitchen.

**Monica:** What about when I started dating Chandler? Mrs. Geller: Well it was Chandler! We didn’t think he’d ever [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]!

**Chandler:** Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]].

*(Starts to make up for lost time and takes a big swig of his drink.)*

**Monica:** I can’t believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?! Mrs. Geller: We might still have some money, if your father didn’t think it was a good idea to sell ice over the Internet. Mr. Geller: It seemed like such a simple idea. Mrs. Geller: Stupid Jack, the word is stupid. Mr. Geller: All right, enough! I don’t want to hear about it anymore!

*(Under his breath) Good luck, Chandler. (Chandler takes another drink.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment, his massage client is on the table and Ross is reluctantly starting his massage. He spreads some lotion in his hands, and doesn’t like it.

**Ross:** Okay! Now, I’m going to touch you. *(He does so, very gingerly.)* Ohh, that’s soft. *(He starts poking him and notices his salad spoons and starts to massage him with those.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica and Chandler are returning from dinner, Rachel is already there.

**Monica:** I can’t believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?

**Chandler:** I don’t know, my mother spent most of her money on her [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] wedding. She’s saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his [[Friends-词汇总表#yearly\|yearly]] trips to *(Pause)* Dollywood.

**Rachel:** Well what happened at dinner?

**Monica:** My parents spent the money for our wedding!

**Phoebe:** *(gasps)* My God! What did you order?!

**Rachel:** Wait, but there’s no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, [[Friends-词汇总表#rec\|rec]]. center!

**Chandler:** Honey, it’s gonna be okay.

**Monica:** No! No it’s not! It’s not gonna be okay! It sucks! No [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] band! No [[Friends-词汇总表#lily\|lilies]]!

**Rachel:** No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this [[Friends-词汇总表#rustic\|rustic]] Italian [[Friends-词汇总表#feast\|feast]]. Y’know? And-and you don’t need, you don’t need this custom-made, [[Friends-词汇总表#empire\|empire]] [[Friends-词汇总表#waisted\|waisted]], [[Friends-词汇总表#duchess\|duchess]], [[Friends-词汇总表#satin\|satin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#gown\|gown]]; you can wear off the [[Friends-词汇总表#rack\|rack]]. *(She starts to cry, as does Monica.)*

**Chandler:** Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we’re gonna get married.

**Rachel:** Do you even understand what off the [[Friends-词汇总表#rack\|rack]] means?!

**Phoebe:** Look, why don’t you just pay for it yourself?

**Monica:** How? I don’t have any money.

**Chandler:** Well, I have some.

**Monica:** How much?

**Chandler:** Well, close to… *(Notices Rachel leaning in to hear and decides to write it on a piece of paper and hand it to Monica as Phoebe averts her eyes.)*

**Monica:** Whoa!!! Are you kidding me?!

**Rachel:** Well what?! How-how much is it?!

**Monica:** It’s enough for wedding [[Friends-词汇总表#scenario\|scenario]] eight.

**Rachel:** Ohh! *(Whispers.)* Really?!

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* How great are you, you little [[Friends-词汇总表#saver\|saver]]?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!

**Rachel:** *(starting to cry)* Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.

**Chandler:** Well, you’re not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding? Rachel and Monica: Ah, yeah!

**Chandler:** Well, come on, I’ve been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it [[Friends-词汇总表#earmark\|earmarked]] for the future, not just for a party.

**Phoebe:** *(reading the slip of paper)* Wow! *(In a sultry voice)* Hello, Mr. Chandler.

**Monica:** This is the most special day of our lives.

**Chandler:** No, I realize that honey, but I’m not gonna spend all of the money on one party.

**Monica:** Honey, umm I-I love you, *(laughs)* but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? *(Laughs)* Listen, we could always [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] more money, okay? But uh, we’re only gonna get married once.

**Chandler:** Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.

**Monica:** You-you’re gonna have to put your foot down?

**Chandler:** Yes, I am!

**Phoebe:** Wow, money and a firm hand. Finally a Chandler I can get on board with.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Ross are there as Rachel enters and sees Joey sitting there.

**Joey:** Hey Rach.

**Rachel:** *(quietly)* Joey.

**Joey:** Hey Rach, do you smell [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]]?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh, I get it, [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]], [[Friends-词汇总表#chimney\|chimney]], chimney [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweep]], very funny, ha-ha.

**Joey:** No-no-no, I’m serious. You don’t smell it? Something’s on fire.

**Rachel:** Well no, I don’t smell anything.

**Joey:** Oh, y’know what? It’s probably just your [[Friends-词汇总表#burnin\|burnin]]’ [[Friends-词汇总表#loin\|loins]].

**Ross:** *(sitting down)* Hey, what are you guys, what are you guys talking about?

**Rachel:** Nothing!

**Ross:** *(takes a drink)* Damn, this coffee’s cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your [[Friends-词汇总表#loin\|loins]]? *(Joey and he both laugh.)*

**Rachel:** Y’know, I can not believe you told him, Joey!

**Ross:** So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh, yeah I did, because I wore out my first copy when I was with you. *(Exits.)*

**Ross:** *(chases her)* Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|tons]] of porno magazines! *(Realizes a table of women overheard him.)* *(To that table.)* ‘Sup?

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Ross! How could you do that to an old man?!

**Ross:** *(looking at the table)* Excuse me ladies. *(To Phoebe)* I’m sorry?

**Phoebe:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] client, Arthur? His [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]].

**Ross:** *(incredulous)* I gave him an [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] professional [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]]!

**Phoebe:** He said you [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poked]] at him with [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoons]].

**Ross:** Okay, so it wasn’t uh, a traditional [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]]. But I did give him accu-pressure with a [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#chopstick\|chopsticks]]. And, and I [[Friends-词汇总表#gently\|gently]] [[Friends-词汇总表#exfoliate\|exfoliated]] him with, with a [[Friends-词汇总表#mop\|mop]].

**Phoebe:** Well, he’s never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!

**Ross:** Hey, y’know what? This is your [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]! You’re the one that didn’t move his-his [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, it’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]?! You didn’t have to [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] him! You could’ve sent him away! You could’ve not [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolled]] Tonka trucks up and down his back!

**Ross:** He said he liked that!! Oh you’re right, you’re right. I’m sorry.

**Joey:** Dude, what are you [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massaging]] an old man for?

**Ross:** His [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] was hot.

**Joey:** Gotcha.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is looking at the wedding book as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Monica:** Listen umm, I’ve been thinking, it’s not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.

**Chandler:** Ehh.

**Monica:** Eh, you work for that.

**Chandler:** Look, I thought about it too, and I’m sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.

**Monica:** You do?!

**Chandler:** Yeah, I’m putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that’s what we’re gonna do.

**Monica:** Oh, you’re so sweet. *(They hug and kiss.)* Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?

**Chandler:** Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y’know? We’ll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.

**Monica:** You thought about that?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Monica:** How many kids were we gonna have?

**Chandler:** Uh, four, a boy, [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] girls and another boy.

**Monica:** What else did you think about?

**Chandler:** Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] their [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bikes]] and stuff. Y’know, we could have a cat that had a [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] on it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] and we could hear it every time it ran through the little [[Friends-词汇总表#kitty\|kitty]] door. Of course, we’d have an apartment over the [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]] where Joey could grow old.

**Monica:** *(laughs)* Y’know what? I-I don’t want a big, [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] wedding.

**Chandler:** Sure you do.

**Monica:** No, I want everything you just said. I want a [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]].

**Chandler:** You sure?

**Monica:** Uh-hmm.

**Chandler:** I love you so much.

**Monica:** I love you. *(They kiss.)* Hey listen umm, when, when you were [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]]’ about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, totally!

**Monica:** Oh good. Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is balancing her checkbook as Joey enters from his room wearing a hockey helmet, gloves, and shin guards.

**Joey:** Hello, Zelda.

**Rachel:** Who are you supposed to be?

**Joey:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#vicar\|vicar]]!

**Rachel:** Do you even know what a [[Friends-词汇总表#vicar\|vicar]] is?

**Joey:** Like a [[Friends-词汇总表#goalie\|goalie]], right?

**Rachel:** *(sarcastically)* Yeah. Look Joey, it’s enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this [[Friends-词汇总表#sleazy\|sleazy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#innuendo\|innuendoes]] and it’s—I’m not—it’s just not funny anymore!

**Joey:** All right, I’m sorry. Rach I—Rach I’m sorry. Okay? I’m sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you [[Friends-词汇总表#roughly\|roughly]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]]. *(Giggles.)*

**Rachel:** All right! Y’know what? That’s it! You wanna do it?! Let’s do it!

**Joey:** Huh?

**Rachel:** *(starting to move closer to him)* That’s right, I wanna do it with you! I’ve been trying to fight it, but you just said all the right things.

**Joey:** *(nervously backing away)* I-I-I-I did? *(He puts a stool in front of her.)*

**Rachel:** *(moves the stool out of the way)* Yeah! Ohh, I’ve been waitin’ so long to get on that body!

**Joey:** This body? *(He backs into the kitchen.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah that’s right! Come on Joey; sex me up!

**Joey:** Hey-hey, you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#startin\|startin]]’ to sound like the [[Friends-词汇总表#butcher\|butcher]]’s wife there in-in chapter seven.

**Rachel:** Oh, come on now, don’t keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that [[Friends-词汇总表#helmet\|helmet]] on because you’re in for a [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]]! *(He backs into the door.)*

**Joey:** I don’t want to, I’m scared.

*(Rachel walks away, pleased with her self.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 14 | 376 | 86 | *Oh yeah, I should probably call them. Mr. Geller: I remember when we first got engaged.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 4 | 385 | 206 | *Oh dad, really you don’t need to… Mr. Geller:  Well, I’d gotten Judy pregnant. I still don’t know th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 4 | 422 | 131 | *I don’t believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house! Mrs. Geller: We’re sorry honey, but we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 4 | 115 | 97 | *Well, you’re not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding? Rachel and Monica: Ah, ye* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *I don’t know, my hand feels weird. I guess it’s because, I’m engaged!  How long before it starts get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 3 | 197 | 118 | *Well, you couldn’t get them anyway. Ian doesn’t plan anymore and Derrick…  And Derrick is a name I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 3 | 199 | 123 | *What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 3 | 254 | 104 | *Phoebe, you can’t massage people in my apartment!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *I can’t believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?! Mrs. Geller: We might still have some mo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 3 | 109 | 68 | *Hey Rach, do you smell smoke?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *I don’t know, my hand feels weird. I guess it’s because, I’m engaged!  How long before it starts get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Oh my God! Of course, of course.  Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know eac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 2 | 88 | 74 | *Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Well, you couldn’t get them anyway. Ian doesn’t plan anymore and Derrick…  And Derrick is a name I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 2 | 75 | 55 | *What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 2 | 296 | 85 | *Great!  Dad!  Thank you so much, I’ll be back to pick him up in an hour.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Definitely roses.  Well, I just think they’re a little more weddingy.  But Lilies are the clear choi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *I don’t know! But he did not eat your face cream!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *The big deal is I don’t want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Anyway, we’re really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we’ll be making a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *I don’t know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She’s saving the rest for her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Well what happened at dinner?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Wait, but there’s no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *No! No it’s not! It’s not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Whoa!!! Are you kidding me?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Honey, umm I-I love you,  but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Excuse me ladies.  I’m sorry?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y’know? We’ll pick our favorite and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Oh yeah, totally!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Who are you supposed to be?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Yeah. Look Joey, it’s enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *That’s right, I wanna do it with you! I’ve been trying to fight it, but you just said all the right * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *Oh, come on now, don’t keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on beca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *I don’t want to, I’m scared.* |

### 常用词（56）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 6 | 63 | 30 | *Phoebe, you can’t massage people in my apartment!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 4 | 63 | 32 | *Well, the duck…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 3 | 40 | 20 | *I don’t know, my hand feels weird. I guess it’s because, I’m engaged!  How long before it starts get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 3 | 32 | 22 | *I don’t know! But he did not eat your face cream!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 2 | 86 | 49 | *Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] | /næp/ | n. 小睡, 稍睡, 细毛, 孤注一掷 | n. a soft or fuzzy surface texture | 2 | 28 | 20 | *Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I’m gonna get cranky!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] | /'pә:fiktli/ | adv. 完全地, 无瑕疵地, 完整地 | r. in a perfect or faultless way | 2 | 20 | 16 | *Joey, there is a perfectly good couch across the hall!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 2 | 59 | 37 | *The big deal is I don’t want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 2 | 69 | 27 | *Hey Rach, do you smell smoke?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 2 | 57 | 29 | *My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 2 | 81 | 49 | *Hey, y’know what? This is your fault! You’re the one that didn’t move his-his appointment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 2 | 52 | 33 | *Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 1 | 40 | 18 | *Who wants French toast?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1 | 38 | 20 | *Good, me too.  Eggs and milk are in the fridge. Thanks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Good, me too.  Eggs and milk are in the fridge. Thanks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *Good, me too.  Eggs and milk are in the fridge. Thanks.* |
| oww |  | [网络] 哦哇；创业投资公司；冲瓦可维株式会社 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Oww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *I don’t know, my hand feels weird. I guess it’s because, I’m engaged!  How long before it starts get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] | /gru:m/ | n. 马夫, 新郎, 男仆 | n. a man participant in his own marriage ceremony | 1 | 19 | 10 | *Take from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | adv. 往前, 以后, 向外 | n. a river in southern Scotland that flows eastward to the Firth of Forth | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Oh my God, the wedding book?! I haven’t seen that since the forth grade!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let’s take a loo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]] | /ru:d/ | a. 粗鲁无礼的, 粗陋的, 粗暴的, 原始的, 未开化的, 大略的, 崎岖不平的, 狂暴的 | s socially incorrect in behavior | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Oh, I’m sorry. I’m so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] | /siksθ/ | num. 第六, 六分之一 | n. position six in a countable series of things | 1 | 15 | 12 | *A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Hey Mon, do you have another pillow?  Y’know, something a little snugglyer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Joey, there is a perfectly good couch across the hall!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go whenever I want!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don’t know what the big d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] | /'streindʒә/ | n. 陌生人, 门外汉 | n. anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found | 1 | 17 | 16 | *The big deal is I don’t want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Hey-hey, y’know what? I don’t care! I’m not ashamed of my book. There’s nothing with a woman enjoyin* |
| judy | /'dʒu:di/ | n. 朱迪（女子名）；朱迪（英国木偶戏 Punch and Judy中的妻子） |  | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Oh dad, really you don’t need to… Mr. Geller:  Well, I’d gotten Judy pregnant. I still don’t know th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 1 | 118 | 49 | *Oh dad, really you don’t need to… Mr. Geller:  Well, I’d gotten Judy pregnant. I still don’t know th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] | /fifθ/ | num. 第五, 五分之一 | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Well, at least you’re not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party. Mr. Gel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halloween\|halloween]] | /.hælәu'i:n/ | n. (基督教)万圣节前夕 | n. the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young p | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Well, at least you’re not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party. Mr. Gel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Well, at least you’re not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party. Mr. Gel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *I don’t believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house! Mrs. Geller: We’re sorry honey, but we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] | /prә'pәuz/ | vt. 计划, 打算, 建议, 提议, 求(婚) | v. make a proposal, declare a plan for something | 1 | 33 | 17 | *What about when I started dating Chandler? Mrs. Geller: Well it was Chandler! We didn’t think he’d e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] | /fɒ:θ/ | num. 第四, 四分之一 | n. following the third position; number four in a countable series | 1 | 21 | 15 | *I don’t know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She’s saving the rest for her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] | /swiŋ/ | n. 摇摆, 振幅, 音律, 节奏, 涨落, 秋千, 旋转, 行动自由 | n. a state of steady vigorous action that is characteristic of an activity | 1 | 35 | 17 | *No! No it’s not! It’s not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] | /ә:n/ | vt. 赚得, 获得, 博得 | v. acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Honey, umm I-I love you,  but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] | /tʌn/ | n. 吨 | n a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read tons of porno magazines!   ‘Sup?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] | /spu:n/ | n. 匙, 调羹, 匙形工具 | n. a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to | 1 | 17 | 12 | *He said you poked at him with wooden spoons.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] | /pєә/ | n. 一双, 一对, 一副 | n. a set of two similar things considered as a unit | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Okay, so it wasn’t uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopst* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Oh, it’s my fault?! You didn’t have to massage him! You could’ve sent him away! You could’ve not rol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Gotcha.* |
| ehh |  | abbr. 食管裂孔疝（esophageal hiatal hernia）；高压对光栅行幅（场幅）的影响 |  | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Ehh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 59 | 24 | *Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] | /baik/ | n. 自行车, 脚踏车 | n a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame | 1 | 37 | 14 | *Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *Y’know what? I-I don’t want a big, fancy wedding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *No, I want everything you just said. I want a marriage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *I love you.  Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin’ about our future you said cat, but you mean* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] | /rʌf/ | n. 粗糙的东西, 毛坯, 未加工品, 梗概, 草图, 暴徒, 艰难 | n. the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut sh | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Oh, come on now, don’t keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on beca* |

### 低频词（75）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lily\|lily]] | /'lili/ | n. 百合, 百合花 | n. any liliaceous plant of the genus Lilium having showy pendulous flowers | 3 | 16 | 7 | *Yeah! Roses or Lilies?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chimney\|chimney]] | /'tʃimni/ | n. 烟囱, 灯罩 | n. a vertical flue that provides a path through which smoke from a fire is carri | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vicar\|vicar]] | /'vikә/ | n. 教区牧师, 教堂主持, 代理人 | n. a Roman Catholic priest who acts for another higher-ranking clergyman | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Where are you going? The vicar won’t be home for hours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]] | /'ә:dʒәnt/ | a. 紧急的, 急迫的, 催逼的 | s compelling immediate action | 2 | 6 | 4 | *I need to talk to you, it’s pretty urgent. It’s about Monica and Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#centerpiece\|centerpiece]] | /'sentәpi:s/ | n. 中心装饰品；放在餐桌中央的摆饰 | n. the central or most important feature | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Here you go! What do you think about centerpieces?* |
| zelda | /'zeldә/ | n. 塞尔达（女子名, 等于Griselda） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Where do you think,  Zelda?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rack\|rack]] | /ræk/ | n. 架, 行李架, 饲草架, 搁物架, 痛苦, 折磨, 齿条, 行云团 | n. framework for holding objects | 2 | 6 | 5 | *No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loin\|loin]] | /lɒin/ | n. 腰部, 腰肉 | n. a cut of meat taken from the side and back of an animal between the ribs and  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, y’know what? It’s probably just your burnin’ loins.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caterer\|caterer]] | /'keitәrә/ | n. 备办食物者, 备办宴席者 | n. someone who provides food and service (as for a party) | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instance\|instance]] | /'instәns/ | n. 建议, 情况, 例子, 场合 | n an occurrence of something | 1 | 7 | 7 | *This baby has got everything. Take y’know, locations for instance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conclusively\|conclusively]] |  | adv. 最后, 释疑, 确定性, 结论性 | r. in a conclusive way | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let’s take a loo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jurassic\|jurassic]] | /dʒu'ræsik/ | a. 侏罗纪的, 侏罗系的 | n. from 190 million to 135 million years ago; dinosaurs; conifers | 1 | 6 | 4 | *And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let’s take a loo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hometown\|hometown]] | /hәum'taun/ | n. 故乡, 家乡 | n. the town (or city) where you grew up or where you have your principal residen | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God! Of course, of course.  Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know eac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#classroom\|classroom]] | /'klɑ:sru:m/ | n. 教室 | n. a room in a school where lessons take place | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quartet\|quartet]] | /kwɒ:'tet/ | n. 四重奏 | n. four performers or singers who perform together | 1 | 3 | 3 | *All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#procession\|procession]] | /prә'seʃәn/ | n. 队伍, 连续, 列队行进, 涌出 | n. the group action of a collection of people or animals or vehicles moving ahea | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jazz\|jazz]] | /dʒæz/ | n. 爵士乐, 喧闹 | n. a genre of popular music that originated in New Orleans around 1900 and devel | 1 | 6 | 4 | *A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trio\|trio]] | /'tri:әu/ | n. 三重唱 | n. a musical composition for three performers | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]] | /'kɒkteil/ | n. 鸡尾酒, 开味品 | n. a short mixed drink | 1 | 8 | 7 | *A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roller\|roller]] | /'rәulә/ | n. 滚筒, 滚轴, 压路机 | n. a grounder that rolls along the infield | 1 | 5 | 4 | *A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedd* |
| ian | /iәn/ | n. 伊恩（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, you couldn’t get them anyway. Ian doesn’t plan anymore and Derrick…  And Derrick is a name I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#derrick\|derrick]] | /'derik/ | n. 起重机, 小偷 | n. a framework erected over an oil well to allow drill tubes to be raised and lo | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, you couldn’t get them anyway. Ian doesn’t plan anymore and Derrick…  And Derrick is a name I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#properly\|properly]] | /'prɒpәli/ | adv. 适当地, 相当地 | r. in the right manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up* |
| weddingy |  | [网络] 符合婚礼的气氛 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Definitely roses.  Well, I just think they’re a little more weddingy.  But Lilies are the clear choi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cranky\|cranky]] | /'kræŋki/ | a. 古怪的, 暴躁的, 脾气坏的 | s. easily irritated or annoyed | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I’m gonna get cranky!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someplace\|someplace]] | /'sʌmpleis/ | adv. 在某处 | r in or at or to some place; (`someplace' is used informally for `somewhere') | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don’t know what the big d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greasy\|greasy]] | /'gri:zi/ | a. 油腻的, 含脂肪多的 | s. containing an unusual amount of grease or oil | 1 | 3 | 3 | *The big deal is I don’t want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzle]] | /'pʌzl/ | n. 难题, 迷惑 | n. a particularly baffling problem that is said to have a correct solution | 1 | 9 | 7 | *The big deal is I don’t want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cha\|cha]] | /tʃɑ:/ | n. （英俚）茶 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Hey Joey, what ‘cha doing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweep]] | /swi:p/ | n. 扫除, 打扫, 肃清, 视野, 范围, 全胜 | n. a wide scope | 1 | 12 | 7 | *Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ashamed\|ashamed]] | /ә'ʃeimd/ | a. 惭愧的, 羞耻的 | a. feeling shame or guilt or embarrassment or remorse | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Hey-hey, y’know what? I don’t care! I’m not ashamed of my book. There’s nothing with a woman enjoyin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expression\|expression]] | /ik'spreʃәn/ | n. 表达, 表现, 词语, 措辞 | n. the feelings expressed on a person's face | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Hey-hey, y’know what? I don’t care! I’m not ashamed of my book. There’s nothing with a woman enjoyin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexuality\|sexuality]] | /.sekʃu'æliti/ | n. 性征, 性行为, 性欲 | n the properties that distinguish organisms on the basis of their reproductive r | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey-hey, y’know what? I don’t care! I’m not ashamed of my book. There’s nothing with a woman enjoyin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#masseur\|masseur]] | /mæ'sә:/ | n. 男按摩师 | n. a male massager | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I don’t know. Are you a masseur?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaphragm\|diaphragm]] | /'daiәfræm/ | n. 横隔膜, (摄影机的)光圈 | n. a mechanical device in a camera that controls size of aperture of the lens | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh dad, really you don’t need to… Mr. Geller:  Well, I’d gotten Judy pregnant. I still don’t know th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chew\|chew]] | /tʃu:/ | vt. 咀嚼, 嚼碎 | n. a wad of something chewable as tobacco | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh dad, really you don’t need to… Mr. Geller:  Well, I’d gotten Judy pregnant. I still don’t know th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]] | /tɒi/ | n. 玩具, 小玩艺儿, 小型的东西, 消遣 | n. a nonfunctional replica of something else (frequently used as a modifier) | 1 | 14 | 8 | *Oh dad, really you don’t need to… Mr. Geller:  Well, I’d gotten Judy pregnant. I still don’t know th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#withdrawal\|withdrawal]] | /wið'drɒ:l/ | n. 提款, 撤退, 退回, 撤消, 退隐, 戒毒过程 | n. a retraction of a previously held position | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Anyway, we’re really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we’ll be making a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#redo\|redo]] | /.ri:'du:/ | vt. 再做, 重做, 改装 | v make new | 1 | 5 | 5 | *You bought the beach house when I was 23! Mr. Geller: Which means you had seven years of beach fun a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yearly\|yearly]] | /'jiәli/ | a. 每年的, 一年一度的 | n a reference book that is published regularly once every year | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I don’t know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She’s saving the rest for her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dollywood\|dollywood]] |  | 多莱坞 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I don’t know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She’s saving the rest for her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rec\|rec]] |  | [计] 接收, 记录, 恢复, 补偿, 娱乐 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wait, but there’s no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rustic\|rustic]] | /'rʌstik/ | n. 乡下人, 乡巴佬 | n. an unsophisticated country person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feast\|feast]] | /fi:st/ | n. 宴会, 酒席, 享受, 节日 | n. something experienced with great delight | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empire\|empire]] | /'empaiә/ | n. 帝国, 帝权 | n. the domain ruled by an emperor or empress; the region over which imperial dom | 1 | 7 | 5 | *No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waisted\|waisted]] |  | (waist 的过去时) n. 腰部, 腰 | past tense of waist | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duchess\|duchess]] | /'dʌtʃis/ | n. 公爵夫人 | n. the wife of a duke or a woman holding ducal title in her own right | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#satin\|satin]] | /'sætin/ | n. 缎子 | n. a smooth fabric of silk or rayon; has a glossy face and a dull back | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gown\|gown]] | /gaun/ | n. 睡衣, 法衣, 大学全体师生 | n. a woman's dress, usually with a close-fitting bodice and a long flared skirt, | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, y’know what? It’s gonna be okay. I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y’know* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scenario\|scenario]] | /si'nɑ:riәu/ | n. 剧本提纲, 情节, 剧本, 方案, 事态 | n. an outline or synopsis of a play (or, by extension, of a literary work) | 1 | 4 | 4 | *It’s enough for wedding scenario eight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saver\|saver]] | /'seivә/ | n. 节省...的器具, 节约装置, 省俭的人 | n. someone who saves (especially money) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earmark\|earmark]] | /'iәmɑ:k/ | n. 耳上记号, 特征, 记号, 标记 | n. identification mark on the ear of a domestic animal | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, come on, I’ve been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burnin\|burnin]] |  | v. 腐蚀 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, y’know what? It’s probably just your burnin’ loins.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sup\|sup]] | /sʌp/ | n. 一口 | v. take solid or liquid food into the mouth a little at a time either by drinkin | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read tons of porno magazines!   ‘Sup?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arthur\|arthur]] | /'ɑ:θә/ | n. 亚瑟（男子名）；亚瑟王（传说中六世纪前后英国的国王, 圆桌骑士团的首领） | n. elected vice president and became 21st President of the United States when Ga | 1 | 3 | 3 | *My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] | /ik'stri:mli/ | adv. 极端地, 非常地 | r. to an extreme degree | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I gave him an extremely professional massage!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poke\|poke]] | /pәuk/ | n. 刺, 戳, 袋子 | n. tall coarse perennial American herb having small white flowers followed by bl | 1 | 10 | 7 | *He said you poked at him with wooden spoons.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wooden\|wooden]] | /'wudn/ | a. 木制的, 呆笨的, 木然的 | s. made or consisting of (entirely or in part) or employing wood | 1 | 7 | 6 | *He said you poked at him with wooden spoons.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chopstick\|chopstick]] | /'tʃɔpstik/ | n. 筷子 | n. one of a pair of slender sticks used as oriental tableware to eat food with | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Okay, so it wasn’t uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopst* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gently\|gently]] | /'dʒentli/ | adv. 温和地, 温柔地, 轻轻地, 逐渐地 | r. in a gradual manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, so it wasn’t uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopst* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exfoliate\|exfoliate]] | /eks'fәulieit/ | vi. 剥落, 剥脱 | v. spread by opening the leaves of | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, so it wasn’t uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopst* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mop\|mop]] | /mɒp/ | n. 拖把, 鬼脸 | n cleaning implement consisting of absorbent material fastened to a handle; for  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay, so it wasn’t uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopst* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tonka\|tonka]] |  | [医] 香豆属 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, it’s my fault?! You didn’t have to massage him! You could’ve sent him away! You could’ve not rol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] | /'kɒlә/ | n. 衣领, 颈圈 | n. a band that fits around the neck and is usually folded over | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kitty\|kitty]] | /'kiti/ | n. 小猫, 全部赌注 | n. informal terms referring to a domestic cat | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]] | /gә'rɑ:ʒ. 'gærɑ:ʒ/ | n. 车库, 汽车修理厂, 机库 | n. an outbuilding (or part of a building) for housing automobiles | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Well, stuff like where’d we live, y’know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goalie\|goalie]] | /'^әjli/ | n. 守门员 | n the soccer or hockey player assigned to protect the goal | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Like a goalie, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleazy\|sleazy]] | /'sleizi/ | a. 质地薄的, 没有内容的, 低级庸俗的 | s. of cloth; thin and loosely woven | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah. Look Joey, it’s enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#innuendo\|innuendo]] | /.inju:'endәu/ | n. 讽刺, 暗讽 | n an indirect (and usually malicious) implication | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. Look Joey, it’s enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roughly\|roughly]] | /'rʌfli/ | adv. 概略地, 粗糙地, 粗暴地 | r. with roughness or violence (`rough' is an informal variant for `roughly') | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, I’m sorry. Rach I—Rach I’m sorry. Okay? I’m sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] | /bɑ:n/ | n. 谷仓 | n. an outlying farm building for storing grain or animal feed and housing farm a | 1 | 25 | 8 | *All right, I’m sorry. Rach I—Rach I’m sorry. Okay? I’m sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking * |
| waitin |  | [网络] 林玮亭；我一直在等待 |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah! Ohh, I’ve been waitin’ so long to get on that body!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#startin\|startin]] |  | 斯塔汀（人名） |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey-hey, you’re startin’ to sound like the butcher’s wife there in-in chapter seven.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butcher\|butcher]] | /'butʃә/ | n. 屠夫, 肉商, 小贩 | n. a retailer of meat | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey-hey, you’re startin’ to sound like the butcher’s wife there in-in chapter seven.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helmet\|helmet]] | /'helmit/ | n. 钢盔, 盔, 防护帽 | n. armor plate that protects the head | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, come on now, don’t keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on beca* |
