---
season: 7
episode: "03"
title: "The One With Phoebe&#146;s Cookies"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S07E03 — The One With Phoebe&#146;s Cookies

*Written by: Sherry Bilsing & Ellen Plummer*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Rachel, Phoebe, Joey, Ross, and Monica are all there as Chandler enters wearing glasses.

**Chandler:** Hey, you guys! Ross and Rachel: Hey!

**Chandler:** So, what do you think?

**Ross:** About what?

**Rachel:** Yeah, what?

**Joey:** What?

**Chandler:** Are you kidding? Okay, I’ll give you a [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]]; I’ll give you a hint. *(Points to his glasses.)*

**Joey:** Eyes! No, no. Your eyes! No. Chandler’s eyes!

**Chandler:** I got glasses!

**Ross:** Well, you-you’ve always had glasses.

**Chandler:** No I didn’t!

**Ross:** Are you sure?

**Rachel:** Yeah-yeah, did-didn’t you use to have a [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]]? They were really round, [[Friends-词汇总表#burgundy\|burgundy]], and they made you look kind of umm…

**Joey:** Feminine.

**Rachel:** Yes!

**Chandler:** No!

**Monica:** Sweetie, I think the glasses look great. They make you look really sexy.

**Chandler:** Really?

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Chandler:** *(sitting down on the arm of her chair)* You didn’t think I used to wear glasses, right?

**Monica:** Of course! *(She mouths, "I have no idea," to the rest of the gang.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Rachel, Phoebe, Chandler, and Monica are making some sandwiches.

**Phoebe:** So what do you guys want for an [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] present?

**Chandler:** That’s okay Pheebs, we’re not having a party or anything, so you don’t have to get us…

**Monica:** *(interrupts him)* If someone wants to give us a present, we don’t want to [[Friends-词汇总表#deprive\|deprive]] them of that [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]].

**Rachel:** Oh, y’know what you should get ‘em? One of those little uh, portable CD players.

**Monica:** Oh, I already have one.

**Phoebe:** Not unless someone [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] it and left it at the [[Friends-词汇总表#gynecologist\|gynecologist]].

**Rachel:** Yeah, and-and-and by someone, she means Joey.

**Monica:** Hey, I know I what I want!

**Chandler:** What we want honey.

**Monica:** No, you don’t want this. I want to have your [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]].

**Phoebe:** You mean the [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chip]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]]?

**Monica:** Uh-huh, yeah.

**Phoebe:** You mean the one that my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] made me [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] on her [[Friends-词汇总表#deathbed\|deathbed]] that I would never let out of our family?

**Chandler:** Dying people say the [[Friends-词汇总表#craziest\|craziest]] things.

**Monica:** I wanted it for years! I was gonna make [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]] for my children.

**Phoebe:** Break my heart—Oh, all right.

**Monica:** Okay. I’m gonna be the mom that makes the world’s best [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chip]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]].

**Chandler:** Our kids are gonna be fat [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t they.

**Joey:** *(entering)* Ahoy!

**Chandler:** Hey! How’s the boat?!

**Joey:** Great! I’m finally getting into this [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sailing]] stuff.

**Monica:** Oh, so you finally took it out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#marina\|marina]] huh?

**Joey:** Why would I do that? It took three guys to get the thing in there!

**Phoebe:** If you don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]] your boat, what do you do on it?

**Joey:** Oh, it’s great! It’s a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]], eat some [[Friends-词汇总表#chip\|chips]]. *(He says that as he sits, hangs around, drinks a beer, and eats a chip.)*

**Chandler:** Well, it’s good that you finally have a place to do that.

**Rachel:** Y’know Joey, I could [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you to [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]] if you want.

**Joey:** You could?

**Rachel:** Yeah! I’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sailing]] my whole life. When I was [[Friends-词汇总表#fifteen\|fifteen]] my dad bought me my own boat.

**Phoebe:** Your own boat?

**Rachel:** What?! What?! He was trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] me up! My [[Friends-词汇总表#pony\|pony]] was [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Monica are there. He takes off his glasses and starts chewing on the ear piece.

**Chandler:** Do you know what I was [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]]’?

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** Nothing, I just like to go like this. *(Does it again.)*

**Ross:** *(entering from the bathrooms)* Hey Chandler, what are you doing tonight?

**Chandler:** Uh why, do you have a [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]]?

**Ross:** No, why?

**Chandler:** Then free as a [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]]. What’s up?

**Ross:** My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play [[Friends-词汇总表#racquetball\|racquetball]] with us.

**Monica:** Wow! That’s great! Dad must really like you, he doesn’t ask just anyone to play.

**Ross:** Yeah and he didn’t really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assumed]] he meant you.

**Chandler:** Well, did-did you correct him?

**Ross:** No, I-I thought it would be more fun this way.

**Monica:** This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.

**Ross:** Or you can sit with him on the front [[Friends-词汇总表#porch\|porch]] and make sure no one steals the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] cans. He does that every week too.

**Monica:** Oh, just so you know, you-you have to let him win.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Monica:** He hates to lose.

**Chandler:** Oh no problem, maybe I’ll play with my left hand.

**Ross:** You’re not a [[Friends-词汇总表#lefty\|lefty]]?

**Chandler:** Does anybody know me?!

*(Phoebe enters, walks up to Monica, and exhales exasperatedly.)*

**Monica:** What’s wrong Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]] and the stupid fire [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burned]] it up!

**Monica:** No!! Why didn’t you make a copy and-and keep it in a [[Friends-词汇总表#fireproof\|fireproof]] box and keep it at least a hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yards]] from the original?!!

**Phoebe:** *(pauses as he figures out how to answer that)* Because I’m normal! That was the one [[Friends-词汇总表#legacy\|legacy]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] left me, and I know you wanted it as an [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] present.

**Ross:** Oh, we have to get you an [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] present?

**Chandler:** Don’t worry about it Pheebs.

**Ross:** No one got me an [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] present.

**Phoebe:** Okay, here I wish you health and [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]]. *(She hands Monica a cookie in a plastic baggie.)*

**Chandler:** An old [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]]?

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* This is what happens when you don’t register for gifts!

**Phoebe:** See no-no, I made a [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]] and I [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|froze]] it, and this is the only one left.

**Chandler:** We can’t accept this.

**Phoebe:** Why not?

**Chandler:** ‘Cause it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]].

**Monica:** No! Wait! I think I can figure out the [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]] from this [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]]! I do stuff like this at work all the time.

**Phoebe:** Really?!

**Monica:** Yeah! I bet I can do it.

*(Chandler looks over and sees Ross glaring at them.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, we [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you a present.

**Ross:** Two! I’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]]!


> [!scene] Scene: The Mr. Bowmont (Joey’s boat), she’s shown to be in one of the waterways around New York, but in reality she’s in a sound stage on the Warner Bros. lot and we see New York from the water in some rather poor green screen shots. Rachel and Joey are on board.

**Joey:** *(drinking a beer)* Look at this [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]]! Just because he’s got a [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. *(Yelling)* Get out of the way [[Friends-词汇总表#jackass\|jackass]]! *(To Rachel)* Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?

**Rachel:** That is the Coast Guard.

**Joey:** What are they doing out here? The coast’s all the way over there.

*(Points to the coast, meanwhile there is coast behind him.)*

**Rachel:** Joey, just [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] the boats all right? We’re not finished with the [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] yet.

**Joey:** All right.

**Rachel:** Okay, I’m just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?

**Joey:** Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let’s start [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sailing]], and I want to go over there *(Points)* where that [[Friends-词汇总表#boatload\|boatload]] of girls is! *(Yelling to them)* Yo-ho-ho!

**Rachel:** Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shout]] out to the old, hot [[Friends-词汇总表#chickas\|chickas]]? Okay, let’s do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, *(grabs some of the rigging)* what’s this called?

**Joey:** Uh, boat [[Friends-词汇总表#rope\|rope]].

**Rachel:** Wrong! How do you get the [[Friends-词汇总表#mainsail\|mainsail]] up?

**Joey:** Uhh, [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] it?

**Rachel:** No. What do you do if I say we are coming about?

**Joey:** I’d say, come again. No-no, wait I-I-I know this one, I know this one, uh…

*(Rachel blasts an air horn in his ear.)*

**Rachel:** Time’s up, now your dead.

**Joey:** And [[Friends-词汇总表#deaf\|deaf]]!

**Rachel:** Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you [[Friends-词汇总表#sailor\|sailor]]?! *(She punctuates each word by slapping him on the forehead.)*

**Joey:** Yes.

**Rachel:** Don’t just say yes! This isn’t a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!

**Joey:** I want to make a ship to [[Friends-词汇总表#shore\|shore]] call to Chandler.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica and Phoebe are trying to determine the cookie recipe by eating small pieces.

**Monica:** All right, I definitely [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nutmeg\|nutmeg]].

**Phoebe:** You do?

**Monica:** You don’t? *(Laughs)* Well, that’s the difference between a professional and a [[Friends-词汇总表#layman\|layman]].

**Phoebe:** That and [[Friends-词汇总表#arrogance\|arrogance]].

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey.

**Monica:** Hey! How was [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sailing]]?

**Joey:** I don’t want to talk about it. Y’know, you could’ve at least saved me a whole [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]]. *(He grabs what’s left of the cookie and pops in his mouth.)* Monica and Phoebe: No-wait-no-no!!!!!!!

**Joey:** *(recoils in horror)* Women are mean!!! *(Storms out.)*

**Phoebe:** I can’t believe that! Now the only thing left of my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#legacy\|legacy]] is this [[Friends-词汇总表#crumb\|crumb]]. *(She picks it up with her finger and holds it out to Monica.)* I wish you a long and happy [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]].

**Ross:** *(entering with Chandler)* Hey.

**Monica:** Hey! How was it?

**Ross:** Well I had a great time! Umm, Chancy on the other hand…

**Chandler:** I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bonding]]. He even said I could call him dad.

**Ross:** And what did he ask you not to call him?

**Chandler:** Daddy. All right look, here’s the story. *(Flashback to Chandler about to enter the steam room as he does the voice-over.)* Well, we had just finished playing [[Friends-词汇总表#racquetball\|racquetball]] and we were gonna take a [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]]. I walk into the steam room and it was really [[Friends-词汇总表#steamy\|steamy]]. *(The flashback shows his glasses fog up and him trying to find his way around the steam filled room. He takes off his glasses.)* So I take off my glasses and that’s when in happened.


> [!scene] Cut to the flashback, Chandler’s no longer doing the voice-over.

**Chandler:** Guys?

**Ross:** Over here. *(You can see Ross sitting at the far wall.)* Mr. Geller: Have a seat son. *(You can see Mr. Geller sitting closer to the door as Chandler walks over and sits in his lap.)* Hey!! *(Chandler quickly jumps off and sits next to him with a shocked expression on his face.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is finished telling everyone what happened.

**Monica:** Oh my God Chandler! I can’t believe it!

**Chandler:** I know.

**Monica:** You gave my father a [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] dance!

**Chandler:** Why do they put so much [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]] in there?!

**Ross:** ‘Cause otherwise they’d have to call it the room room.

**Chandler:** Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen?

**Phoebe:** Come on, it’s not that big a deal!

**Chandler:** Not that big a deal? There…there was touching of things.

**Ross:** Now, I know you wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] with my dad, but did you really have to bond to that part?

**Monica:** Listen, I’m sure that dad doesn’t care. He probably thought this was funny; he’ll be telling this story for years!

**Chandler:** I don’t want him to tell this story for years.

**Ross:** Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] from fat camp.

**Monica:** I wasn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escaping]].

**Ross:** Then how did you get caught in the [[Friends-词汇总表#barb\|barbed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wire\|wire]]?

**Monica:** I was trying to help out a [[Friends-词汇总表#squirrel\|squirrel]].

**Ross:** You were trying to eat it!

*(The phone rings.)*

**Chandler:** If that is your father calling to tell this story then the [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] is off!

**Monica:** *(takes the phone from Ross)* Come on. *(Answering phone)* Hello? *(Listens)* I’m sorry you have the wrong number. *(Listens)* *(Whispering)* Okay, I’ll call you later dad. I love you. *(Hangs up.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Ross, and Rachel are there.

**Chandler:** *(getting up)* All right, I’m off to see your dad.

**Ross:** Whoa-whoa, [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you a little over dressed?

**Rachel:** *(laughing)* Yeah, and-and you better make sure he [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tips]] you this time.

**Chandler:** Look, I figured I would try to [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face—And by face I don’t mean his [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]]. And by face, I don’t mean my ass. *(Exits.)*

**Ross:** *(To Rachel)* Hey are you getting Monica and Chandler an [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] present?

**Rachel:** I don’t know. Y’know, they didn’t get us anything.

**Ross:** Thank you!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Well hello! So, when are we [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]]’ back out on the water [[Friends-词汇总表#matey\|matey]]?

**Joey:** Oh uh, I don’t know the boat way to say this, but uh never!

**Rachel:** Why not?

**Joey:** Because! You’re mean on the boat!

**Rachel:** What? I was just trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you.

**Joey:** Well, [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] learned! Rachel is mean!

**Ross:** Yeeeeeep… Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad’s boat she wouldn’t let me help at all.

**Rachel:** Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn’t move your [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]] because you were wearing three life [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jackets]].

**Ross:** You have to respect the sea! *(Storms off.)*

**Rachel:** Look Joey, I’m sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]. I was just being a good teacher.

**Joey:** Does a good teacher say, "Put down the [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pinhead\|pinhead]]!?"

**Rachel:** Well, does a good student drink seven [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]] during his first [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]]?

**Joey:** Six and a half! You [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knocked]] that last one out of my hand! Remember?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I didn’t want you to get hit by the [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]]!

**Joey:** Well it hit me anyway! And it would’ve hurt a lot less if I had finished that last [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]].

**Rachel:** All right, y’know what? I-I’m sorry. I will try to [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] it down and uh stop [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]].

**Joey:** You won’t [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] me around anymore?

**Rachel:** I won’t [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] you around.

**Joey:** And you’ll be nice?

**Rachel:** And, I’ll be nice.

**Joey:** And you’ll be [[Friends-词汇总表#topless\|topless]]?

**Rachel:** And—Joey!

**Joey:** Do you want me to learn?!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is trying out different cookie recipes. Ross and Phoebe are the tasting group.

**Monica:** Okay, here’s [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]] 22. Ohh, maybe these’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] a little like your [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]’s. This has a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of orange [[Friends-词汇总表#peel\|peel]], but no [[Friends-词汇总表#nutmeg\|nutmeg]].

**Ross:** Let’s give it a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]].

**Monica:** Okay. Man, I have not made this many [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]] since I was in the [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] grade.

**Phoebe:** Oh, what was that for? Like a [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] sale?

**Monica:** No, just a Friday night.

*(They all take a bite.)*

**Ross:** Ohh, these are pretty good.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but not as good as [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]] 17.

**Ross:** Which one was that?

**Monica:** The ones we had right after you almost threw up.

**Ross:** Oh yeah! Batch 17 was good. I did not like [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]] 16. *(Burps a little bit.)* I’m okay.

**Phoebe:** Are there anymore from the good [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]]? ‘Cause we could just work off of those.

**Ross:** Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]] 17 left, uh… *(Grabs a cookie and takes a big bite out of it and doesn’t like it.)* It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]] 16! 16 people! Get out of the way! *(Gets up and runs for the bathroom.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Mr. Bowmont, its Joey’s second lesson with Rachel as the resident sailing expert.

**Rachel:** Okay Joey honey, you’re doing really good! All right, now I’m just gonna need you to step to the port side. *(Joey pauses as he tries to remember which side is the port side.)* Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?

**Joey:** Ohh yeah.

**Rachel:** Right?

**Joey:** Nope.

**Rachel:** It’s left sweetie, but that’s okay sweetie, that’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] one.

**Joey:** I don’t know why you just don’t say left.

**Rachel:** Okay, go to the left. *(Joey goes starboard or sits on the right side of the boat.)* The left!

**Joey:** Huh?

**Rachel:** *(yelling)* Just sit over there!! *(Points to the port side.)*

**Joey:** *(hurrying over)* Okay! Okay, you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] again! See that?

**Rachel:** No! No-no, no-no-no, very [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]], said with love, no [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]].

**Joey:** Oh, y’know what? Since I’m here, I think I’m gonna have me a little [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] on the port side. *(Grabs and opens one.)*

**Rachel:** Okay Joey, we’re [[Friends-词汇总表#luff\|luffing]] a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]], so could you [[Friends-词汇总表#tighten\|tighten]] up the [[Friends-词汇总表#cunningham\|cunningham]]? *(The mainsail has started to flap in the wind and has stopped working efficiently; she wants him to tighten it so that it starts working again.)*

**Joey:** Uh, wow, you just said a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of stuff I didn’t know there.

**Rachel:** Joey, come on! We just went over this! *(She does it instead.)*

**Joey:** Oh, y’know, when we did that was when that [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] was [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] [[Friends-词汇总表#overhead\|overhead]] with the fish in his [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]]. Did you see it? It was [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]]!

**Rachel:** *(angrily)* No! All right?! I did not see the [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]]! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]] like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you how to [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]] a boat! Which obviously is an [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] thing to do!

**Joey:** All right that’s it! You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] and I don’t see you taking your top off! I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]!

**Rachel:** What do you mean you [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]?! You can’t quit!

**Joey:** Why not?!

**Rachel:** Because you’re not finished yet and I won’t have it! Greens do not [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]!

**Joey:** Greens? I’m a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, wait did I—I just said Greens don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] didn’t I? *(Pause)* *(Angrily)* Did I just say Greens don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]?!

**Joey:** Yes! Yes! You did and you’re still [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] at me!

**Rachel:** No! No! No! I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] at you, I’m just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I’m my father. Oh my God, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]! I’ve been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]]’. Oh, Joey, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.

**Joey:** Well, hey I did learn.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Joey:** Yeah! Come on.

**Rachel:** Awww…

**Joey:** Yeah, it’s okay. I know what a [[Friends-词汇总表#mainsail\|mainsail]] is. *(Points to it. It’s the larger sail.)* I know, I know to [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] when the [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]] comes across. I-I know port is right.

**Rachel:** Left.

**Joey:** Damnit!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, the cookie trying period has pasted. Monica, Phoebe, and Ross are reflecting on the day’s events.

**Phoebe:** Y’know, I bet it would actually make my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] very happy to know that we’re trying to figure out her [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]]. I bet she’s l-l-[[Friends-词汇总表#lookin\|lookin]]’ up at us and [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]] right now.

**Ross:** Looking up?

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah—No, she was really nice to me, but she’s in hell for sure.

**Monica:** Well, I’ve tried everything. I give up. I guess I’m not gonna be the mom who makes the world’s best [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]]. I do make the best [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] [[Friends-词汇总表#confit\|confit]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#broccoli\|broccoli]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rabe\|rabe]].  Kids love that right.

**Ross:** Aww, Pheeb, come on isn’t there any [[Friends-词汇总表#relative\|relative]] that would have the [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]]? What about, what about your sister?

**Phoebe:** Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that’s not happening ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] October 15th, 2032.

**Ross:** That’s the day you’re gonna die? See—darnit, I’ve got [[Friends-词汇总表#shuffleboard\|shuffleboard]] that day.

**Phoebe:** That’s what you think.

**Monica:** Well, I mean what about friends of your [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]’s? Wouldn’t they have the [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]]?

**Phoebe:** Well, y’know I may have [[Friends-词汇总表#relative\|relatives]] in France who would know. My [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] said she got the [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]] from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.

**Monica:** What was her name?

**Phoebe:** Nesele Toulouse.

**Monica:** Nestle Tollhouse?!

**Phoebe:** Oh, you Americans always [[Friends-词汇总表#butcher\|butcher]] the French language.

**Monica:** *(grabbing a bag of Nestle Tollhouse chocolate chips)* Phoebe, is this the [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]]? *(Tosses her the bag.)*

**Phoebe:** *(reading the recipe on the back of the bag)* Yes!! *(Realizes.)* Ohh.

**Monica:** I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]] and it was in my [[Friends-词汇总表#cupboard\|cupboard]] the whole time!

**Phoebe:** I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why *(Looking down)* you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burning]] in hell!!


> [!scene] Scene: The Gym, Chandler and Mr. Geller are heading for the whirlpool room.

**Chandler:** So you understand, I’d feel a lot more [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] if you didn’t tell people what happened. Y’know, I’m a little…I’m a little [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]] about it. Mr. Geller: I understand completely, there’s nothing more [[Friends-词汇总表#horrify\|horrifying]] than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]], and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]].

**Chandler:** What did you do when they found out? Mr. Geller: They never did, so if ever see me giving them legal advice just [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nod]] along. Shall we?

*(Chandler nods along and they enter the whirlpool room and remove their robes. Only Chandler is lacking a certain item of clothing. You see this is a coed whirlpool, which means swimsuits, and in fact there are two women already there and Chandler didn’t seem to wear his. Needless to say, everyone is shocked, including Chandler.)*

**Chandler:** So I guess we wear [[Friends-词汇总表#swimsuit\|swimsuits]] in here! Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: The Mr. Bowmont, is tied up alongside the pier; Joey and Rachel are relaxing.

**Rachel:** Well Joey, I hate to [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] it, your way of [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sailing]] is a lot more fun.

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah. Hey, why don’t you give a pull on that [[Friends-词汇总表#rope\|rope]]? *(Points.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh we’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sailing]].

**Joey:** Just pull on it.

**Rachel:** All right. *(She does so and it brings the cooler closer together.)* Hey-hey-hey!! *(Sees what’s in the cooler.)* Sandwiches!

**Joey:** What else?

**Rachel:** *(hands him one)* Here you go.

**Joey:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** Oh wow! *(She takes a bite, but holds the sandwich vertically so that the stuff falls out.)*

**Joey:** What are you doing?

**Rachel:** Ohh, sorry.

**Joey:** What you—don’t hold it like that! You’re lettin’ all the good stuff fall out.

*(More falls out.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh [[Friends-词汇总表#whoop\|whoops]].

**Joey:** Careful! You’re wasting good [[Friends-词汇总表#pastrami\|pastrami]]! *(Gasps.)* Oh my God! I’m my dad!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 10 | 296 | 85 | *Yeah! I’ve been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 4 | 97 | 75 | *Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We’re not finished with the lesson yet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 3 | 170 | 116 | *Oh, it’s great! It’s a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chip* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 3 | 115 | 71 | *Yeah! I bet I can do it.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 3 | 376 | 86 | *Over here.  Mr. Geller: Have a seat son.  Hey!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 3 | 197 | 118 | *Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *You didn’t think I used to wear glasses, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *Okay. I’m gonna be the mom that makes the world’s best chocolate chip cookies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Oh, it’s great! It’s a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chip* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *Oh, it’s great! It’s a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chip* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *Don’t just say yes! This isn’t a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Daddy. All right look, here’s the story.  Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Oh yeah—No, she was really nice to me, but she’s in hell for sure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Well, I’ve tried everything. I give up. I guess I’m not gonna be the mom who makes the world’s best * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 2 | 82 | 60 | *Yeah, yeah. Hey, why don’t you give a pull on that rope?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding? Okay, I’ll give you a hint; I’ll give you a hint.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Oh, it’s great! It’s a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chip* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *He hates to lose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *He hates to lose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *No!! Why didn’t you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred ya* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Don’t worry about it Pheebs.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, rub it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Over here.  Mr. Geller: Have a seat son.  Hey!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Then how did you get caught in the barbed wire?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Whoa-whoa, aren’t you a little over dressed?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn’t move your arms because you were wearing three life* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *The ones we had right after you almost threw up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Greens? I’m a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Aww, Pheeb, come on isn’t there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Well Joey, I hate to admit it, your way of sailing is a lot more fun.* |

### 常用词（71）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 9 | 68 | 39 | *No, you don’t want this. I want to have your grandmother’s cookie recipe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 7 | 47 | 36 | *All right, y’know what? I-I’m sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 7 | 80 | 46 | *All right that’s it! You’re yelling and I don’t see you taking your top off! I quit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] | /'kuki/ | n. 饼干, 小甜点 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) | 6 | 29 | 15 | *No, you don’t want this. I want to have your grandmother’s cookie recipe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] | /in'geidʒdmәnt/ | n. 诺言, 约会, 婚约, 交战 | n. employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited perio | 5 | 26 | 13 | *So what do you guys want for an engagement present?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 4 | 52 | 24 | *I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] | /'tʃɒkәlit/ | n. 巧克力 | n. a food made from roasted ground cacao beans | 3 | 27 | 17 | *You mean the chocolate chip cookie recipe?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 3 | 63 | 47 | *Y’know Joey, I could teach you to sail if you want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 3 | 54 | 35 | *Then free as a bird. What’s up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] | /'lesn/ | n. 课, 课业, 教训 | n. a unit of instruction | 3 | 20 | 15 | *Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We’re not finished with the lesson yet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 3 | 59 | 37 | *Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]] | /hint/ | n. 暗示, 提示 | n. an indirect suggestion | 2 | 14 | 13 | *Are you kidding? Okay, I’ll give you a hint; I’ll give you a hint.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *Our kids are gonna be fat aren’t they.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 2 | 24 | 22 | *‘Cause it’s gross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 2 | 46 | 34 | *All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 2 | 93 | 40 | *I can’t believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother’s legacy is this crumb.  I wish you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] | /læp/ | n. 膝盖, 舔, 一圈, 下摆, 衣兜, 山坳 | n. the upper side of the thighs of a seated person | 2 | 14 | 10 | *You gave my father a lap dance!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 2 | 25 | 19 | *Now, I know you wanted to bond with my dad, but did you really have to bond to that part?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 2 | 65 | 46 | *Look Joey, I’m sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not me* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 2 | 78 | 41 | *You won’t boss me around anymore?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 2 | 63 | 32 | *Yeah, it’s okay. I know what a mainsail is.  I know, I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] | /pєә/ | n. 一双, 一对, 一副 | n. a set of two similar things considered as a unit | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Yeah-yeah, did-didn’t you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Not unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifteen\|fifteen]] | /'fif'ti:n/ | num. 十五, 十五个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of fourteen and one | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Yeah! I’ve been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Do you know what I was thinkin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] | /'lektʃә/ | n. 演讲, 谴责, 讲稿 | n. a speech that is open to the public | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Uh why, do you have a lecture?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Yeah and he didn’t really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 1 | 24 | 19 | *Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happiness\|happiness]] | /'hæpinis/ | n. 快乐, 幸运, 适当 | n. state of well-being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to int | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Okay, here I wish you health and happiness.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freeze\|freeze]] | /fri:z/ | vi. 冻结, 冷冻, 僵硬, 楞住 | n. the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid | 1 | 18 | 16 | *See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *Okay, we owe you a present.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 1 | 40 | 20 | *Two! I’ve been engaged twice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *Two! I’ve been engaged twice!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] | /klaun/ | n. 小丑, 乡下人 | n. a rude or vulgar fool | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] | /ig'nɒ:/ | vt. 不理睬, 忽视, 驳回, 忽略 | v. refuse to acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We’re not finished with the lesson yet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shout]] | /ʃaut/ | n. 呼喊, 喊声 | v. utter in a loud voice; talk in a loud voice (usually denoting characteristic  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Uhh, rub it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] | /i'skeip/ | n. 逃亡, 避难设备, 逃跑 | n. the act of escaping physically | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Well hello! So, when are we gettin’ back out on the water matey?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn’t move your arms because you were wearing three life* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn’t move your arms because you were wearing three life* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] | /tәun/ | n. 音调, 音质, 语调, 语气, 色调, 气氛, 状况, 思想状态 | n. the quality of a person's voice | 1 | 15 | 11 | *All right, y’know what? I-I’m sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] | /beik/ | vt. 烘焙, 烤 | v. cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Oh, what was that for? Like a bake sale?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *It’s left sweetie, but that’s okay sweetie, that’s a tough one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]] | /'kwaiәt/ | n. 安静, 闲适, 平静 | a. characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity | 1 | 19 | 16 | *No! No-no, no-no-no, very quiet, said with love, no yelling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Uh, wow, you just said a bunch of stuff I didn’t know there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *Oh, y’know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *Oh, y’know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shape]] | /ʃeip/ | n. 形状, 形态, 外形, 形式, 身材 | n. any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) | 1 | 18 | 17 | *No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] | /im'pɒsәbl/ | a. 不可能的, 难以置信的, 令人无法忍受的 | n. something that cannot be done | 1 | 19 | 17 | *No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]] |  | n. (Comin)人名；(西、意)科明；(法)科曼 |  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *No! No! No! I’m not yelling at you, I’m just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I’m my father. Oh my* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Y’know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we’re trying to figure o* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, Pheeb, come on isn’t there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *So you understand, I’d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn’t tell people what happened. Y’know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *So you understand, I’d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn’t tell people what happened. Y’know, * |
| judy | /'dʒu:di/ | n. 朱迪（女子名）；朱迪（英国木偶戏 Punch and Judy中的妻子） |  | 1 | 20 | 14 | *So you understand, I’d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn’t tell people what happened. Y’know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 1 | 22 | 18 | *So you understand, I’d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn’t tell people what happened. Y’know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nod]] | /nɒd/ | n. 点头, 打盹, 晃动 | n. a sign of assent or salutation or command | 1 | 15 | 10 | *What did you do when they found out? Mr. Geller: They never did, so if ever see me giving them legal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *Well Joey, I hate to admit it, your way of sailing is a lot more fun.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *All right.  Hey-hey-hey!!  Sandwiches!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoop\|whoop]] | /hwu:p/ | n. 大叫, 呐喊, 一点点 | n. a loud hooting cry of exultation or excitement | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Ohh whoops.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Careful! You’re wasting good pastrami!  Oh my God! I’m my dad!* |

### 低频词（65）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recipe\|recipe]] | /'resipi/ | n. 食谱, 处方, 秘诀 | n. directions for making something | 10 | 12 | 3 | *No, you don’t want this. I want to have your grandmother’s cookie recipe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#batch\|batch]] | /bætʃ/ | n. 一次所烘的面包, 一次所制之量, 一组, 批, 成批, 分批 | n. all the loaves of bread baked at the same time | 8 | 15 | 5 | *See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sail\|sail]] | /seil/ | n. 帆, 篷, 帆船, 航程, 帆状物 | n. a large piece of fabric (usually canvas fabric) by means of which wind is use | 6 | 10 | 5 | *Great! I’m finally getting into this sailing stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steam\|steam]] | /sti:m/ | n. 蒸汽, 精力 | n. water at boiling temperature diffused in the atmosphere | 3 | 11 | 8 | *Daddy. All right look, here’s the story.  Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#racquetball\|racquetball]] | /'rækitbɔ:l/ | n. [体]短网拍墙球,手球式墙球(比赛规则和场地都与有四面墙场地的墙手球相同,但击球用以皮带拴腕的短柄球拍,球较墙手球 | n. the ball used in playing the game of racquetball | 2 | 8 | 4 | *My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play racquetball with us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chancy\|chancy]] | /'tʃɑ:nsi/ | a. 不确定的, 偶然发生的 | s. of uncertain outcome; especially fraught with risk | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah and he didn’t really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#legacy\|legacy]] | /'legәsi/ | n. 祖先传下来之物, 遗赠物 | n (law) a gift of personal property by will | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Because I’m normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guard\|guard]] | /gɑ:d/ | n. 守卫者, 警戒, 护卫队, 防护装置 | n. a person who keeps watch over something or someone | 2 | 15 | 9 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sailor\|sailor]] | /'seilә/ | n. 水手, 船员, 海员 | n. any member of a ship's crew | 2 | 8 | 6 | *Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rope\|rope]] | /rәup/ | n. 绳, 索, 粗绳, 绞索, 决窍 | n. a strong line | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Uh, boat rope.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mainsail\|mainsail]] | /'meinseil/ | n. 大桅的帆, 主帆 | n. the lowermost sail on the mainmast | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Wrong! How do you get the mainsail up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nutmeg\|nutmeg]] | /'nʌtmeg/ | n. 肉豆蔻 | n. East Indian tree widely cultivated in the tropics for its aromatic seed; sour | 2 | 2 | 1 | *All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boom\|boom]] | /bu:m/ | n. 繁荣, 隆隆声 | n. a deep prolonged loud noise | 2 | 11 | 8 | *Yeah, I didn’t want you to get hit by the boom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burgundy\|burgundy]] | /'bә:gәndi/ | n. 勃艮第(法国一地区), 勃艮第葡萄酒 | n. red table wine from the Burgundy region of France (or any similar wine made e | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Yeah-yeah, did-didn’t you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feminine\|feminine]] | /'feminin/ | a. 女性的, 阴性的, 柔弱的 | n. a gender that refers chiefly (but not exclusively) to females or to objects c | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Feminine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deprive\|deprive]] | /di'praiv/ | vt. 剥夺, 使丧失 | v. take away possessions from someone | 1 | 4 | 3 | *If someone wants to give us a present, we don’t want to deprive them of that joy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joy\|joy]] | /dʒɒi/ | n. 欢喜, 乐事, 高兴 | n. the emotion of great happiness | 1 | 11 | 7 | *If someone wants to give us a present, we don’t want to deprive them of that joy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gynecologist\|gynecologist]] | /.gaini'kɒlәdʒist/ | n. 妇科医生 | n. a specialist in gynecology | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Not unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deathbed\|deathbed]] | /'deθbed/ | n. 临死所卧之床, 临终之时 | n. the last few hours before death | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#craziest\|craziest]] |  | 疯狂的（crazy的最高级） | s affected with madness or insanity | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Dying people say the craziest things.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahoy\|ahoy]] | /ә'hɒi/ | interj. 喂 | interj. A term used in hailing; as, "Ship ahoy." | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ahoy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marina\|marina]] | /mә'rinә/ | n. 码头 | n. a fancy dock for small yachts and cabin cruisers | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, so you finally took it out of the marina huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pony\|pony]] | /'pәuni/ | n. 矮种马 | n. a range horse of the western United States | 1 | 4 | 4 | *What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#porch\|porch]] | /pɒ:tʃ/ | n. 门廊, 走廊 | n. a structure attached to the exterior of a building often forming a covered en | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lefty\|lefty]] | /'lefti/ | n. 左撇子, 左翼分子 | n a person who uses the left hand with greater skill than the right | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You’re not a lefty?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fireproof\|fireproof]] | /'faiәpru:f/ | a. 耐火的, 防火的 | v. make resistant to fire | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No!! Why didn’t you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred ya* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yard]] | /jɑ:d/ | n. 码, 庭院, 工场 | n. a unit of length equal to 3 feet; defined as 91.44 centimeters; originally ta | 1 | 10 | 9 | *No!! Why didn’t you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred ya* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jackass\|jackass]] | /'dʒækæs/ | n. 公驴, 愚蠢的人, 傻瓜 | n a man who is a stupid incompetent fool | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boatload\|boatload]] | /'bәutlәud/ | n. 船的载货量, 一条船的货物 | n. the amount of cargo that can be held by a boat or ship or a freight car | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let’s start sailing, and I want to go over there  where tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chickas\|chickas]] |  |  | a sexy latin female. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deaf\|deaf]] | /def/ | a. 聋的 | n. people who have severe hearing impairments | 1 | 7 | 6 | *And deaf!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shore\|shore]] | /ʃɒ:/ | n. 海岸, 海滨, 斜撑柱 | n. the land along the edge of a body of water | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#layman\|layman]] | /'leimәn/ | n. 俗人, 门外汉, 凡人 | n. someone who is not a clergyman or a professional person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You don’t?  Well, that’s the difference between a professional and a layman.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrogance\|arrogance]] | /'ærәgәns/ | n. 傲慢态度, 自大 | n. overbearing pride evidenced by a superior manner toward inferiors | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That and arrogance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crumb\|crumb]] | /krʌm/ | n. 碎屑, 面包屑, 少许 | n. a very small quantity of something | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I can’t believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother’s legacy is this crumb.  I wish you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steamy\|steamy]] | /'sti:mi/ | a. 蒸汽的, 充满蒸汽的 | s filled with steam or emitting moisture in the form of vapor or mist | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Daddy. All right look, here’s the story.  Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barb\|barb]] | /bɑ:d/ | n. 倒钩 | n. the pointed part of barbed wire | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Then how did you get caught in the barbed wire?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wire\|wire]] | /'waiә/ | n. 电线, 电报, 电信, 铁丝网, 金属丝 | n. ligament made of metal and used to fasten things or make cages or fences etc | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Then how did you get caught in the barbed wire?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squirrel\|squirrel]] | /'skwә:rәl/ | n. 松鼠, 松鼠毛皮 | n. a kind of arboreal rodent having a long bushy tail | 1 | 4 | 3 | *I was trying to help out a squirrel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#matey\|matey]] | /'meiti/ | a. 易为人亲近的, 融洽的 | s (used colloquially) having the relationship of friends or pals | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well hello! So, when are we gettin’ back out on the water matey?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pinhead\|pinhead]] | /'pinhed/ | n. 针头, 小东西, 微不足道的东西 | n. the head of a pin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#topless\|topless]] | /'tɒplis/ | a. 无顶的, 袒胸的 | a. having no top | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And you’ll be topless?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peel\|peel]] | /pi:l/ | n. 皮, 外壳 | n. British politician (1788-1850) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay, here’s batch 22. Ohh, maybe these’ll taste a little like your grandmother’s. This has a little* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ninth\|ninth]] | /nainθ/ | num. 第九, 九分之一 | n. position nine in a countable series of things | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Okay. Man, I have not made this many cookies since I was in the ninth grade.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luff\|luff]] | /lʌf/ | n. 逆风航行, 纵帆前缘, 船首弯曲部 | n. (nautical) the forward edge of a fore-and-aft sail that is next to the mast | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay Joey, we’re luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tighten\|tighten]] | /'taitn/ | vt. 勒紧, 使变紧 | v. make tight or tighter | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay Joey, we’re luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cunningham\|cunningham]] | /'kʌniәm/ | n. 坎宁安（姓氏） | n. United States dancer and choreographer (born in 1922) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay Joey, we’re luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overhead\|overhead]] | /'әuvәhed/ | n. 经常开支, 普通用费, 天花板 | n. (nautical) the top surface of an enclosed space on a ship | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, y’know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#styrofoam\|styrofoam]] | /'stairәfәum/ | n. 泡沫聚苯乙烯 | n. a light resilient foam of polystyrene | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tyson\|tyson]] |  | n. 泰森（姓氏） | n. United States prizefighter who was world heavyweight champion (born in 1966) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confit\|confit]] | /kɒn'fɪt/ | n. 油封肉；焖肉 | n. a piece of meat (especially a duck) cooked slowly in its own fat | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I’ve tried everything. I give up. I guess I’m not gonna be the mom who makes the world’s best * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#broccoli\|broccoli]] | /'brɒkәli/ | n. 花椰菜 | n. plant with dense clusters of tight green flower buds | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I’ve tried everything. I give up. I guess I’m not gonna be the mom who makes the world’s best * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabe\|rabe]] |  | n. 拉贝（人名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I’ve tried everything. I give up. I guess I’m not gonna be the mom who makes the world’s best * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relative\|relative]] | /'relәtiv/ | n. 亲戚, 关系词 | n. a person related by blood or marriage | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Aww, Pheeb, come on isn’t there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your* |
| darnit |  | [网络] 真讨厌；真讨矿厌；的婉转说法 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *That’s the day you’re gonna die? See—darnit, I’ve got shuffleboard that day.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shuffleboard\|shuffleboard]] | /'ʃʌflbɒ:d/ | n. 推圆盘游戏 | n. a game in which players use long sticks to shove wooden disks onto the scorin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That’s the day you’re gonna die? See—darnit, I’ve got shuffleboard that day.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toulouse\|toulouse]] | /tu:'lu:z/ | n. 图卢兹（法国南部城市） | n. a city on the Garonne River in southern France to the southeast of Bordeaux;  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nesele Toulouse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nestle\|nestle]] | /'nesl/ | vi. 舒适地坐定, 挨靠, 偎依 | v. lie in a sheltered position | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nestle Tollhouse?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tollhouse\|tollhouse]] | /'tәulhaus/ | n. 通行税征收处 | n a booth at a tollgate where the toll collector collects tolls | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nestle Tollhouse?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butcher\|butcher]] | /'butʃә/ | n. 屠夫, 肉商, 小贩 | n. a retailer of meat | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, you Americans always butcher the French language.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cupboard\|cupboard]] | /'kʌpbɒ:d/ | n. 食橱, 碗柜, 餐具柜 | n. a small room (or recess) or cabinet used for storage space | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrify\|horrify]] | /'hɒrifai/ | vt. 使恐惧, 使震惊 | v fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So you understand, I’d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn’t tell people what happened. Y’know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]] | /.ʌnim'plɒid/ | a. 失业的, 未被利用的 | a. not engaged in a gainful occupation | 1 | 10 | 6 | *So you understand, I’d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn’t tell people what happened. Y’know, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swimsuit\|swimsuit]] | /'swimsju:t/ | n. 游泳衣 | n. tight fitting garment worn for swimming | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So I guess we wear swimsuits in here! Ending Credits* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pastrami\|pastrami]] | /pә'strɑ:mi/ | n. 五香烟熏牛肉 | n. highly seasoned cut of smoked beef | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Careful! You’re wasting good pastrami!  Oh my God! I’m my dad!* |
