---
season: 8
episode: "10"
title: "The One With Monica&#146;s Boots"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S08E10 — The One With Monica&#146;s Boots

*Teleplay by: Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones*

*Story by: Robert Carlock*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is trying on a pair of new boots as Chandler enters.

**Monica:** Hey! So what do you think?

**Chandler:** New [[Friends-词汇总表#haircut\|haircut]]? *(Monica nods ‘No.’)* Necklace? *(No)* Dress? *(No)* Boots? *(Monica nods ‘Yes.’)* Boots!

**Monica:** Yes! Now, they’re a little more than I [[Friends-词汇总表#normally\|normally]] spend on [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]]…or rent *(Shows him the receipt.)*

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Monica:** I know.

**Chandler:** I’m gonna miss being able to [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] food.

**Monica:** I’m sorry, they just, they just look so good! And the [[Friends-词汇总表#saleswoman\|saleswoman]] was looking at me like, "Oh, these are way too [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] for you."

**Chandler:** She had a point. *(Shows her the receipt.)*

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Monica:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! *(Notices the boots)* Oh Monica! Those [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] are amazing!

**Monica:** They’re mine!

**Chandler:** Yeah well, too bad we’re gonna have to return them.

**Rachel:** Return them?! Shh! They’re gonna hear you!

**Monica:** Honey, I’m not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I’m going to wear them all the time. You’ll see. Besides, I love the [[Friends-词汇总表#compliment\|compliments]]. I mean, have you ever had something so beautiful everyone wanted it?

**Chandler:** I have you.

**Monica:** Nice try; I’m keeping the [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]].


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel are sitting on the couch and Ross is talking to Rachel’s, who is now showing, stomach.

**Ross:** That’s right, I love you! And-and I’m gonna play with you all the time.

**Phoebe:** How can you let him talk to your [[Friends-词汇总表#crotch\|crotch]] like that?

**Rachel:** *(pause)* He’s talking to the baby.

**Phoebe:** Ohh! Okay! Okay, cause when-when he said, "I can’t wait to hear your first words," I thought, "There’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]]."

**Rachel:** Okay. Well, I gotta go you guys. I’ll see you later.

**Phoebe:** Okay.

**Ross:** Bye.

**Rachel:** Bye. *(She gets up to leave but is stopped by Joey)*

**Joey:** Oh hey Rach, listen—Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Joey:** Umm, can you do me a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]? I was [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]]’ to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren…

**Rachel:** No, forget it! No way! I am not sending anymore Ralph Lauren clothes to [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]]. It is a waste.

**Joey:** No-no-no-no-no-no, not her, not her. My [[Friends-词汇总表#youngest\|youngest]] sister, Dina, she’s really interested in fashion, and she wants to talk to someone successful, y’know, to give her some advice.

**Rachel:** I guess I can talk to one of my [[Friends-词汇总表#supervisor\|supervisors]]…

**Joey:** Oh no-no-no-no, she wants to talk to you!

**Rachel:** Really?! Oh my God! I’m successful!

**Joey:** Okay, so will you meet with her?

**Rachel:** Yes! I’d love to! Have her come by the office.

**Joey:** Great! Thanks! You’re gonna love her so much. And—Oh, she’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#smartest\|smartest]] of all the Tribbiani children. Hey, y’know the S.A.T’s?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Joey:** She took ‘em!

*(Joey goes to get coffee and Rachel exits as the camera pans to Phoebe and Ross on the couch.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey Ross! Doesn’t Ben go to the Smithfield Day School?

**Ross:** Yeah. Why?

**Phoebe:** Sting has a son that goes there too!

**Ross:** Yeah I know; he’s in Ben’s class.

**Phoebe:** You knew this and you never said anything?! With all the stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] stuff you tell us?!

**Ross:** Fine! No more [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] stuff! Can I talk about [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossils]]? *(Joey is about to sit down and hears this so instead he groans and exits.)*

**Phoebe:** Sting’s son, seven years old and there’s a picture.

**Ross:** What are you reading? The Kidnappers Guide to Manhattan Private Schools?

**Phoebe:** No, it’s New York magazine. It’s an article about the best schools in the city. So how well do you know Sting?

**Ross:** Uh, I actually haven’t even met him.

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh, yeah that’s too bad. I really want to go to his [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]] Friday night, but it’s totally sold out. I know! Why don’t you meet him and get [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]?! If you get two I’ll take you.

**Ross:** Well actually, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] Ben up tomorrow, maybe he’ll be there.

**Phoebe:** There you go! Oh, you are so lucky! You might actually get to meet Sting tomorrow! That’s why you have kids!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, the next day Rachel, Phoebe, and Chandler are there as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Hey guys!

**Chandler:** Hey-hey.

**Rachel:** Hi Monica!

**Monica:** Hey. *(Sits down on the arm of the couch.)*

**Rachel:** Hi [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]].

**Monica:** See Chandler? I’m getting a lot of use out of them already! They’re very [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]]. See, you can wear them with dresses, with [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirts]], with pants…

**Chandler:** You can wear them with shorts on a street corner and [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] the money to pay for them. *(Goes and gets some coffee at the counter.)*

**Phoebe:** Wow! They’re beautiful!

**Rachel:** Ahh…

**Monica:** *(almost crying)* They hurt so much!

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Monica:** The guy who made these hates feet and wants to see them die!

**Rachel:** Well-well you can give them to me! I haven’t felt my feet in years!

**Monica:** I can’t! I spent so much money on them and I told Chandler that I’d wear them all the time, I just can’t give them away!

**Phoebe:** Well then get your money back and return them!

**Monica:** I can’t do that either! The [[Friends-词汇总表#sole\|soles]]’ are already a little [[Friends-词汇总表#scuff\|scuffed]] up and the insides are filled with my blood.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Chandler:** *(returning to his seat)* Hey!

**Ross:** Hey I uh just picked up Ben from school…

**Chandler:** *(spinning around looking for him)* I don’t think you did a very [[Friends-词汇总表#thorough\|thorough]] job!

**Ross:** I dropped him off at Carol’s. *(To Phoebe)* Anyway, it turns out that I’m not going to be able to get those [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] though.

**Phoebe:** Oh no! Why not?

**Ross:** Well it turns out that Ben and Sting’s son do not get along.

**Phoebe:** How come?!

**Ross:** Apparently, Sting’s son made fun of the fact that Ben’s moms are lesbinims.

**Phoebe:** Wait! But Ross if they don’t get along then you should [[Friends-词汇总表#smooth\|smooth]] things over. Make them be friends.

**Ross:** Phoebe, you can’t force kids to be friends.

**Phoebe:** Sure you can! Give them some blocks, put them in a [[Friends-词汇总表#playpen\|playpen]]!

**Ross:** Playpen?! Ben’s seven!

**Phoebe:** Your kid is seven?! *(Ross nods, "Yes.")* *(To the rest)* He’s really small. *(To Ross)* Please! Please get the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]!

**Ross:** Look I’m sorry Pheebs, I can’t do it.

**Phoebe:** Yes you can! Sting says so himself!

**Ross:** What?

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Rosssss can!

**Ross:** Look Phoebe, I’m sorry it’s just…

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Rossss can!

**Ross:** Phoebe, I…

**Phoebe:** *(singing)* Rosss can! Give me the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]! Ross can give me the tickets!!

*(Ross runs out to get the tickets.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Office, Joey has brought Dina to meet with Rachel.

**Joey:** *(entering, with Dina)* Here she is! Future fashion [[Friends-词汇总表#superstar\|superstar]]!

**Rachel:** Oh Joey, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] a…

**Joey:** My little sister Dina!

**Rachel:** Right! Hi Dina!

**Dina:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Nice to meet you. *(They shake hands.)*

**Dina:** Thanks so much for meetin’ with me. Joey’s told me so much about you!

**Joey:** This is so exciting for her. Well, I’ll let you two fash…ists get down to business. *(Exits.)*

**Rachel:** Okay. All right Dina, well let’s talk about the different areas of fashion that you could get [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]] in. Let’s see, there’s design, but you may need a whole other degree for that. Uh, there’s-there’s sales, which is great because you get to travel…

**Dina:** I…I don’t care about fashion! I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]! And I know you are too, so you gotta help me!

**Rachel:** *(stunned)* And there’s marketing…


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Monica is returning, but before she enters the apartment she stops on the step and changes from wearing tennis shoes to the boots and she moans in pain as she puts each boot on.

**Monica:** *(standing up)* Ahhhhhhhh!

**Chandler:** *(opening the door)* What’s wrong?

**Monica:** Oh nothing I’m just—just was [[Friends-词汇总表#yawn\|yawning]]. *(Mimics the groan from before and stretches.)*

**Chandler:** Oh don’t forget, my office holiday party is tonight. *(They go into the apartment.)*

**Monica:** Honey, we don’t really have to go to this thing tonight do we?

**Chandler:** Now sweetie, I know you don’t like my office parties, but you can wear your new [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]]. See? Every [[Friends-词汇总表#cloud\|cloud]] has a…supple leather lining.

**Monica:** I-I don’t-I don’t think that I’m gonna wear the [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] tonight.

**Chandler:** Why not?

**Monica:** Well y’know, I’m just-I’m just worried that [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|bosses]] will see them and think they pay you too much money. Or! Or your assistant will see them and-and want a [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]]!

**Chandler:** Do you think I work at some kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boot]] pricing company?

**Monica:** Anyway, I picked up this [[Friends-词汇总表#outfit\|outfit]] that I want to wear and the, and the [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] don’t really go with it.

**Chandler:** You said that you paid all that money because those [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] go with [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirts]], dresses, and pants!

**Monica:** Fine! If you want me to wear the [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]], I’ll wear the boots. In fact, I’ll go into my room right now and y’know try the [[Friends-词汇总表#outfit\|outfit]] on.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** Okay? *(She starts to walk which causes her to start crying)* Ooo wee! Christmas party in my [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]]! *(Runs into the bedroom and mixes saying ‘ow’ with laughing.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Rachel is about to enter her apartment with Dina to tell Joey the news.

**Dina:** I-I can’t go in there. I can’t tell him!

**Rachel:** Honey, it’s going to be okay. He’s been [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]] of me, and if he gets a little upset; that’s what the [[Friends-词汇总表#meatball\|meatball]] sub is for. *(She gives Dina a sandwich wrapped in aluminum foil.)*

**Dina:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** Okay.

*(They enter.)*

**Joey:** Hey! It’s my fashion girls! *(They don’t react.)* What’s wrong?

**Rachel:** Honey, why don’t you sit down? Dina has something that she wants to tell you.

**Joey:** *(concerned)* Oh. What’s, what’s going on? Is it mom? Is she [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]? Is it dad’s heart? Is that a [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]?

**Dina:** Joe, mom and dad are fine…

**Joey:** Is that a [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]?!

**Rachel:** Joey…there’s something that you…should know. Dina?

**Dina:** I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Joey:** *(angrily)* What?!

**Rachel:** *(To Dina)* Now! Give him the [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]]! Give him the sandwich! *(She quickly sets the sandwich in front of him.)*

**Joey:** Well obviously this is a [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]! You can’t be [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]! Because you have to have sex to get pregnant!

**Dina:** Joe, I tried to wait until I was 25 like you did!

**Rachel:** What?! Dina…

**Joey:** *(to Rachel)* Bub!!! *(Points at her and quiets Rachel.)* *(To Dina)* I can’t believe this! You’re the good one! You went to college! Both years! Who did this to you?!

**Dina:** Bobby Corso, but he’s a real nice guy. I like him a lot. He’s real funny.

**Joey:** You got [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] for funny?! Dina…if he’s funny…laugh! All right, I’ll be back in a little while! You stay here!

**Dina:** Why? Where are you going?

**Joey:** I can’t look at you right now! *(Exits and slams the door behind him.)*

**Dina:** Wow.

**Rachel:** I know.

*(Joey storms back in and covering his face so he doesn’t see Dina grabs the sandwich and heads back out.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Midfield Day School, it’s after school and Ben is taking a drink of water as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Oh, there you are Ben!

**Ben:** Aunt Phoebe, what are you doing here?

**Phoebe:** Well, I heard you’re having a problem with one of the boys in your class. And so I thought I would just come down here and sit you both down, have a little talk and make it all okay. Now umm, the boy’s name is Sting’s son.

**Ben:** Jack? I hate him! He’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]].

**Phoebe:** Now Ben, sometimes people may seem like [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerks]] on the outside, but they have [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] fathers.

**Ben:** I have to go. My friend Doug is waiting for me over there. *(Goes over to Doug.)*

**Phoebe:** Him you’re friends with. *(Starts looking at the children trying to find Jack and a teacher notices her.)*

**The Teacher:** Excuse me. Can, can I help you with something?

**Phoebe:** Yes! Yes you can, I’m looking for Jack’s parents.

**The Teacher:** Are you with one of the students?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh, I’m with Ben.

**The Teacher:** Are you one of Ben’s mothers?

**Phoebe:** I am one of Ben’s mothers. I’m a lesbian. It was, it was difficult coming out to my parents.

**The Teacher:** Well hi, I’m Jenny Boone. I’m the new teacher here.

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**The Teacher:** I’ve only met your partner Carol.

**Phoebe:** Ah! Okay so that would make me Susan.

**The Teacher:** Right. Are you looking for Jack’s parents to discuss the problems he’s having with Ben? *(Phoebe nods ‘Yes.’)* Yeah. Because I really do think the parents should sit down and have a conversation.

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Let’s do that!! That-that sounds good. We should sit down and talk, just me, my [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] Carol, and the Stings. Umm, how-how will I get in touch with them?

**The Teacher:** Oh, their number is on the contact sheet.

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Umm, could-could I get a copy of that? ‘Cause Carol threw it out, she lost [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]]. She’s such a [[Friends-词汇总表#scatterbrain\|scatterbrain]], but man what a hot piece of ass.


> [!scene] Scene: A Street, Chandler and Monica are walking down the sidewalk after his office holiday party.

**Chandler:** Y’know, that party wasn’t bad.

**Monica:** Yeah! I didn’t know there would be dancing. That was a fun surprise!

**Chandler:** I don’t see any uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cabs]]. Maybe we should just walk?

**Monica:** Oh no, we can’t walk!

**Chandler:** What honey, it’s like [[Friends-词汇总表#fifteen\|fifteen]] blocks to the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]]. Let’s go.

**Monica:** Hey! Do you think that we can get to the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] right there if we [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] down through the [[Friends-词汇总表#manhole\|manhole]] cover?

**Chandler:** What’s going on?

**Monica:** I can’t walk. Okay? Okay? These [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] were a huge [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]!

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** Okay you were right! All right, I never should have bought them! They’re killing me! One [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] at a time!

**Chandler:** So I was right. This is what it feels like to be right. *(Pause)* It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#oddly\|oddly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unsettle\|unsettling]].

**Monica:** How are we gonna get home? Maybe a [[Friends-词汇总表#piggy\|piggy]]-back [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]]?

**Chandler:** Hop on.

**Monica:** Okay. Wait, just give me a second, I need to just get my [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] off first. *(She starts taking them off.)* Ah…Ooh…Oohh…Ohh…Oh God…Ohh…Oh…Ohh…Ohhhh…

**Chandler:** Honey, I know you’re in pain right now, but I’m a little turned on.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Dina and Rachel are reading pregnancy books, Dina Pregnancy for Dummies and Rachel something else.

**Dina:** Do you ever worry that you’ll be walking and your baby will just like [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] out?

**Rachel:** What college was that Dina?

*(Joey enters dragging a guy.)*

**Dina:** Oh my God! Bobby!

**Bobby:** Hi Dina. Good to see you.

**Rachel:** Joey, what are you doing?

**Joey:** Just what needs to be done! Dearly [[Friends-词汇总表#beloved\|beloved]], we are [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gathered]] here to join this man and this woman…

**Rachel:** Oh Joey this is crazy!

**Joey:** Don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]] me when I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]]’ to God! Now where were we? Oh right, okay. Do you Dina, take this man…

**Dina:** No!

**Joey:** Oh you’ll take ‘em!

**Dina:** No I won’t!

**Joey:** Hey! You don’t get a say in this!

**Dina:** Yes I do!

**Joey:** Ahhh! I heard "I do", we’re [[Friends-词汇总表#halfway\|halfway]] there! Okay! *(To Bobby)* You!

**Rachel:** All right Joey! That is enough! *(Grabs him and pulls him away from Bobby and Dina)* Listen, as beautiful and moving as this [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] is, it’s not legal. Okay? They-they don’t have a [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] license, they don’t have any [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witnesses]], and the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] only has on one [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]]!

**Bobby:** Yeah, he took the other one off and hit me with it.

**Joey:** Well what am I supposed to do?

**Rachel:** You’re supposed to realize that they are adults! And that they can make their own decisions.

**Joey:** No they can’t! They were stupid enough to get [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knocked]] up!

**Rachel:** Heyyyyy! Contraceptives are not always effective! *(To Bobby and Dina)* Right?

**Bobby:** Yeah…we kinda didn’t use any…

**Rachel:** Oh, come on kids! A little help here!


> [!scene] Scene: Sting’s Apartment, Phoebe has come to talk about Jack and is waiting for Sting’s wife, Trudie Styler, to enter.

**Phoebe:** Wow! This place is incredible! *(Gasps)* Sting’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]]…that he gave to Phoebe. *(Puts the pen in her purse and goes over to a floor-to-ceiling bookcase)* Come on! Secret [[Friends-词汇总表#passageway\|passageway]]! *(Starts pulling books at random as Trudie enters.)*

**Trudie Styler:** Hi! *(By the way, it’s actually her.)*

**Phoebe:** Hi!

**Trudie Styler:** I’m Trudie.

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh.

**Trudie Styler:** You must be Ben’s mum.

**Phoebe:** Why else would I be here?

**Trudie Styler:** Do sit down.

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh. *(They go and sit down.)*

**Trudie Styler:** I gather Jack and Ben haven’t been getting along lately.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Trudie Styler:** I’m told there are two sides to this story, but all I’ve heard is that Ben’s a bit of a poo-poo head.

**Phoebe:** Umm, I’m sorry. Won’t-won’t Jack’s father be joining us?

**Trudie Styler:** Oh I’m sorry, Jack’s father is not available.

**Phoebe:** Uh-hmm. Okay. Well then, could we [[Friends-词汇总表#reschedule\|reschedule]]? For say, Friday night perhaps at 8 o’[[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]?

**Trudie Styler:** Oh no, I know that wouldn’t work. My husband’s in concert.

**Phoebe:** Concert. Yeah. That does put us in…quite a [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickle]]. Because you see I’m very [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] before and after the [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]], and he’s obviously busy during.

**Trudie Styler:** So, I guess you and I should talk about Jack and Ben right now.

**Phoebe:** Unless! Unless umm, okay I-I would be willing to go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]], umm, all the while thinking about the children of course.

**Trudie Styler:** Are you here for tickets?

**Phoebe:** Oh, thank you. Four would be great.

**Trudie Styler:** I’m not giving concert tickets to someone who’d use their son like this!

**Phoebe:** Oh good! Then you’re in luck! Ben’s not my son!

**Trudie Styler:** *(stands up)* Look, I’ve just pressed a button, triggering a silent alarm. Any minute now, the police will be here!

**Phoebe:** The Police? Here? A [[Friends-词汇总表#reunion\|reunion]]?! *(She gets out her camera.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Street, Chandler is carrying Monica past a store window.

**Chandler:** Okay, ten blocks down. Five to go.

**Monica:** *(notices something in the window)* Oh wait! Stop! Stop! Stop!

**Chandler:** Oh I’m sorry! Do you need a break?

**Monica:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] in [[Friends-词汇总表#tan\|tan]]! Hey! Can you get a little [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] so I can see the price?

**Chandler:** I can see it from right here. It’ll cost you one [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]].

**Monica:** Okay, I’m sorry. I think I can walk the rest of the way now. Just-just give me my [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]].

**Chandler:** *(pause)* I don’t have your [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]].

**Monica:** Well I don’t have them either. Where are they?

**Chandler:** Well, why don’t you check in one of my [[Friends-词汇总表#saddlebag\|saddlebags]] while I [[Friends-词汇总表#chew\|chew]] on a [[Friends-词汇总表#bale\|bale]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#hay\|hay]]!

**Monica:** Okay. *(She gets off him.)* God well, we gotta go back and get them!

**Chandler:** Honey, are you seriously ever gonna wear the [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] again?

**Monica:** Okay, I’m never gonna wear them again. I just didn’t get a chance to say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]].

**Chandler:** Y’know what? You can say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] to the [[Friends-词汇总表#tan\|tan]] ones.

**Monica:** Okay. *(Climbs back on his back.)* All right.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(Moves closer to the window.)*

**Monica:** *(to the boots)* Bye [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]]—Wait! Half off?! *(Chandler runs off.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Rachel are still discussing Bobby and Dina’s situation.

**Rachel:** Joey, just because they’re not getting married doesn’t mean this is going to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disaster]]. Maybe they have a plan!

**Joey:** Oh? Oh! Okay! Okay! Let’s hear their plan! Now, what’s the future look like for Dina and Bobby?

**Bobby:** Well…I really have high hopes for my band.

**Joey:** *(to Dina)* You were right. He is funny.

**Rachel:** Hey, now wait a minute! I get when you told people at first that you wanted to be an actor they laughed at you! Now come on Bobby, why don’t you tell us a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] about your band?

**Bobby:** Well it’s just me and my pal Rooster, the band’s name is Numb Nuts.

**Rachel:** *(To Dina)* Really? *(Nods her head at Bobby.)*

**Joey:** Dina, if you’re having a baby you should be married! Even if it is to Bobby! *(Bobby gets happy.)* Dude, that’s not a [[Friends-词汇总表#compliment\|compliment]]!

**Dina:** No Joey! I knew you wouldn’t be [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]]!

**Joey:** So whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! What are you gonna do? You’re gonna have the baby and-and [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] it by yourself…without a [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]]?! You can’t be a single mother alone! You’re gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] your life!

**Rachel:** Oh excuse me! Am I [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruining]] my life?

**Joey:** No! No! No! It’s different for you. You’re so strong and together. You’re not some [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] kid who doesn’t know what she’s doing.

**Dina:** Excuse me?

**Joey:** One [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] woman at a time, please! I just want you to be okay.

**Rachel:** So forcing her to marry Bobby is gonna make that happen?

**Joey:** Maybe! *(To Bobby)* Well! Well…so-so uh, what kind of music does Numb Nuts—Oh forget it! I can’t!

**Dina:** Joey, I am scared to death about this. But I really think I can do it, I’m just gonna need some help. And Bobby’s gonna be here the whole time.

**Bobby:** You bet I am! *(To Joey)* And to answer your earlier question, we’re straight-up [[Friends-词汇总表#gangster\|gangster]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rap\|rap]]. *(Joey shakes his head as if he’s about to lose it.)*

**Dina:** Look, Rachel’s told me how much [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] you’ve made all this on her. Why can’t you do that for me?

**Joey:** Because! ‘Cause… ‘Cause you’re my baby sister!

**Dina:** And you’re my big brother! I mean, you’re my favorite guy in the whole world. I’m not even scared to tell mom and dad. I was scared of telling you.

**Joey:** Well I’d be scared of them, but all right.

**Dina:** Joey, I can’t stand the thought of having this baby with you mad at me. I want him to have his [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]]. Is my baby gonna have his Uncle Joey?

**Joey:** Of course he’s gonna have his Uncle Joey!

**Dina:** We’re gonna be all right. I mean, even if we’re not married this baby is gonna be so loved. Not just by us.

**Joey:** That’s right! By his [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] too!

**Bobby:** And by you.

**Rachel:** Okay Bobby, why don’t we just come over here and let them have a little moment. *(Drags Bobby away from Joey and Dina.)*

**Joey:** Come here! *(Hugs Dina and Bobby looks to hug Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** No! Seriously! What’s wrong with you?!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe and Ross are there.

**Ross:** You’re gonna love me so much. I got Sting [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]!! *(Holds up two.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! I do love you! How did you do it?!

**Ross:** Well…let’s just say… *(singing)* Rosss caaaaan!

**Phoebe:** Oo, where are the seats?

**Ross:** Uh, middle [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]].

**Phoebe:** Okay, now would you say that that’s more than 50 [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yards]] away from Sting, his wife, or a member of his family?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Phoebe:** Then that’s not breaking the law! I’m there!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（48）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 11 | 209 | 116 | *Honey, I’m not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I’m going to wear them all* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 4 | 181 | 87 | *Umm, can you do me a favor? I was talkin’ to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 4 | 73 | 55 | *Joey, I am scared to death about this. But I really think I can do it, I’m just gonna need some help* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 3 | 219 | 150 | *No, forget it! No way! I am not sending anymore Ralph Lauren clothes to prison. It is a waste.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 3 | 170 | 116 | *Honey, why don’t you sit down? Dina has something that she wants to tell you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 3 | 308 | 105 | *Oh. What’s, what’s going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad’s heart? Is that a sandwich?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 3 | 296 | 85 | *Oh. What’s, what’s going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad’s heart? Is that a sandwich?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 3 | 422 | 131 | *Joey, just because they’re not getting married doesn’t mean this is going to be a disaster. Maybe th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *You knew this and you never said anything?! With all the stupid dinosaur stuff you tell us?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 2 | 135 | 75 | *See Chandler? I’m getting a lot of use out of them already! They’re very practical. See, you can wea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *I dropped him off at Carol’s.  Anyway, it turns out that I’m not going to be able to get those ticke* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Your kid is seven?!   He’s really small.  Please! Please get the tickets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *Well obviously this is a mistake! You can’t be pregnant! Because you have to have sex to get pregnan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *Well what am I supposed to do?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Honey, are you seriously ever gonna wear the boots again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Oh excuse me! Am I ruining my life?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Yes! Now, they’re a little more than I normally spend on boots…or rent* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Oh my God!  Oh Monica! Those boots are amazing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *They’re mine!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *No, forget it! No way! I am not sending anymore Ralph Lauren clothes to prison. It is a waste.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *No, forget it! No way! I am not sending anymore Ralph Lauren clothes to prison. It is a waste.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *I guess I can talk to one of my supervisors…* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Great! Thanks! You’re gonna love her so much. And—Oh, she’s the smartest of all the Tribbiani childr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Uh-huh, yeah that’s too bad. I really want to go to his concert Friday night, but it’s totally sold * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *There you go! Oh, you are so lucky! You might actually get to meet Sting tomorrow! That’s why you ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *They hurt so much!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *The guy who made these hates feet and wants to see them die!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Apparently, Sting’s son made fun of the fact that Ben’s moms are lesbinims.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *This is so exciting for her. Well, I’ll let you two fash…ists get down to business.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Well y’know, I’m just-I’m just worried that bosses will see them and think they pay you too much mon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *See Chandler? I’m getting a lot of use out of them already! They’re very practical. See, you can wea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *Honey, it’s going to be okay. He’s been incredibly supportive of me, and if he gets a little upset; * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Jack? I hate him! He’s a jerk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Umm, could-could I get a copy of that? ‘Cause Carol threw it out, she lost ours. She* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Yeah! I didn’t know there would be dancing. That was a fun surprise!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Okay you were right! All right, I never should have bought them! They’re killing me! One toe at a ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Hop on.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Oh Joey this is crazy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *You’re supposed to realize that they are adults! And that they can make their own decisions.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Wow! This place is incredible!  Sting’s pen…that he gave to Phoebe.  Come on! Secret passageway!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Oh good! Then you’re in luck! Ben’s not my son!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Hey, now wait a minute! I get when you told people at first that you wanted to be an actor they laug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Hey, now wait a minute! I get when you told people at first that you wanted to be an actor they laug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *So forcing her to marry Bobby is gonna make that happen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *You bet I am!  And to answer your earlier question, we’re straight-up gangster rap.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Joey, I can’t stand the thought of having this baby with you mad at me. I want him to have his uncle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Oo, where are the seats?* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 6 | 118 | 49 | *I…I don’t care about fashion! I’m pregnant! And I know you are too, so you gotta help me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 4 | 65 | 28 | *Oh. What’s, what’s going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad’s heart? Is that a sandwich?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 4 | 34 | 24 | *Joey, I can’t stand the thought of having this baby with you mad at me. I want him to have his uncle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 2 | 24 | 18 | *Umm, can you do me a favor? I was talkin’ to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren…* |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 2 | 59 | 18 | *Umm, can you do me a favor? I was talkin’ to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 2 | 38 | 34 | *You knew this and you never said anything?! With all the stupid dinosaur stuff you tell us?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]] | /skә:t/ | n. 裙子, 下摆, 边缘, 郊区 | n. cloth covering that forms the part of a garment below the waist | 2 | 14 | 11 | *See Chandler? I’m getting a lot of use out of them already! They’re very practical. See, you can wea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 2 | 52 | 39 | *Well y’know, I’m just-I’m just worried that bosses will see them and think they pay you too much mon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]] | /sә'pɔ:tiv/ | a. 支撑, 支承, 资助, 赞助, 支援, 经受, 忍受, 扶养, 证实, 鼓励, 维持, 伴奏 | a. furnishing support or assistance | 2 | 22 | 15 | *Honey, it’s going to be okay. He’s been incredibly supportive of me, and if he gets a little upset; * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 2 | 60 | 45 | *Well obviously this is a mistake! You can’t be pregnant! Because you have to have sex to get pregnan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] | /'sʌbwei/ | n. 地铁, 地道 | n an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a ci | 2 | 26 | 16 | *What honey, it’s like fifteen blocks to the subway. Let’s go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 2 | 28 | 25 | *Concert. Yeah. That does put us in…quite a pickle. Because you see I’m very busy before and after th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 2 | 68 | 42 | *I can see it from right here. It’ll cost you one husband.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 2 | 62 | 30 | *Okay, I’m never gonna wear them again. I just didn’t get a chance to say goodbye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 2 | 42 | 30 | *Well it’s just me and my pal Rooster, the band’s name is Numb Nuts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] | /ә'fɒ:d/ | vt. 买得起, 足以, 给予 | v. be able to spare or give up | 1 | 16 | 15 | *I’m gonna miss being able to afford food.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *I’m sorry, they just, they just look so good! And the saleswoman was looking at me like, "Oh, these * |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Return them?! Shh! They’re gonna hear you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Honey, I’m not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I’m going to wear them all* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Ohh! Okay! Okay, cause when-when he said, "I can’t wait to hear your first words," I thought, "There* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Umm, can you do me a favor? I was talkin’ to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren…* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 1 | 49 | 20 | *Umm, can you do me a favor? I was talkin’ to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prison\|prison]] | /'prizn/ | n. 监狱, 监禁, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for p | 1 | 15 | 13 | *No, forget it! No way! I am not sending anymore Ralph Lauren clothes to prison. It is a waste.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossil]] | /'fɒsәl/ | n. 化石, 古物 | n. the remains (or an impression) of a plant or animal that existed in a past ge | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Fine! No more dinosaur stuff! Can I talk about fossils?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] | /ә:n/ | vt. 赚得, 获得, 博得 | v. acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions | 1 | 10 | 10 | *You can wear them with shorts on a street corner and earn the money to pay for them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] | /'hɑ:dli/ | adv. 刚刚, 几乎不, 勉强是 | r. almost not | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh Joey, I’m hardly a…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] | /in'kredәbli/ | adv. 不能相信地 | r. not easy to believe | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Honey, it’s going to be okay. He’s been incredibly supportive of me, and if he gets a little upset; * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Oh. What’s, what’s going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad’s heart? Is that a sandwich?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 60 | 37 | *Aunt Phoebe, what are you doing here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Jack? I hate him! He’s a jerk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] | /'feimәs/ | a. 出名的, 极好的 | s widely known and esteemed | 1 | 25 | 15 | *Now Ben, sometimes people may seem like jerks on the outside, but they have famous fathers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *Yeah! Let’s do that!! That-that sounds good. We should sit down and talk, just me, my lover Carol, a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] | /'auәz/ | pron. 我们的 | pl.  of I | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Umm, could-could I get a copy of that? ‘Cause Carol threw it out, she lost ours. She* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *I don’t see any uh, cabs. Maybe we should just walk?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifteen\|fifteen]] | /'fif'ti:n/ | num. 十五, 十五个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of fourteen and one | 1 | 13 | 10 | *What honey, it’s like fifteen blocks to the subway. Let’s go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Hey! Do you think that we can get to the subway right there if we climb down through the manhole cov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] | /tәu/ | n. 足趾, 趾部, 脚趾 | n. one of the digits of the foot | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Okay you were right! All right, I never should have bought them! They’re killing me! One toe at a ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *How are we gonna get home? Maybe a piggy-back ride?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slip\|slip]] | /slip/ | n. 滑, 滑行, 事故, 溜, 差错, 滑台, 下降, 插条, 后裔, 板条, 瘦长的年轻人 | n. a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed in speech or writing or in small | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Do you ever worry that you’ll be walking and your baby will just like slip out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gather]] | /'gæðә/ | n. 集合, 聚集 | n. sewing consisting of small folds or puckers made by pulling tight a thread in | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Just what needs to be done! Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this man and this woman…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]] | /.intә'rʌpt/ | vt. 中断, 妨碍, 插嘴 | n. a signal that temporarily stops the execution of a program so that another pr | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Don’t interrupt me when I’m talkin’ to God! Now where were we? Oh right, okay. Do you Dina, take thi* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Ahhh! I heard "I do", we’re halfway there! Okay!  You!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] | /'serimәni/ | n. 典礼, 仪式, 礼节 | n. a formal event performed on a special occasion | 1 | 18 | 13 | *All right Joey! That is enough!  Listen, as beautiful and moving as this ceremony is, it’s not legal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *All right Joey! That is enough!  Listen, as beautiful and moving as this ceremony is, it’s not legal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] | /gru:m/ | n. 马夫, 新郎, 男仆 | n. a man participant in his own marriage ceremony | 1 | 19 | 10 | *All right Joey! That is enough!  Listen, as beautiful and moving as this ceremony is, it’s not legal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoe]] | /ʃu:/ | n. 鞋, 靴, 外胎 | n. footwear shaped to fit the foot (below the ankle) with a flexible upper of le | 1 | 31 | 14 | *All right Joey! That is enough!  Listen, as beautiful and moving as this ceremony is, it’s not legal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *No they can’t! They were stupid enough to get knocked up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Wow! This place is incredible!  Sting’s pen…that he gave to Phoebe.  Come on! Secret passageway!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *Uh-hmm. Okay. Well then, could we reschedule? For say, Friday night perhaps at 8 o’clock?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pickle\|pickle]] | /'pikl/ | n. 盐卤, 腌汁, 泡菜, 困境, 讨厌鬼 | n. vegetables (especially cucumbers) preserved in brine or vinegar | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Concert. Yeah. That does put us in…quite a pickle. Because you see I’m very busy before and after th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *My boots in tan! Hey! Can you get a little closer so I can see the price?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *So whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! What are you gonna do? You’re gonna have the baby and-and raise it by yourse* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *No! No! No! It’s different for you. You’re so strong and together. You’re not some dumb kid who does* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Look, Rachel’s told me how much easier you’ve made all this on her. Why can’t you do that for me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]] | /'bælkәni/ | n. 阳台, 戏院楼厅 | n. an upper floor projecting from the rear over the main floor in an auditorium | 1 | 22 | 11 | *Uh, middle balcony.* |

### 低频词（58）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boot]] | /bu:t/ | n. 长靴, 踢, 解雇, 效用 | n. footwear that covers the whole foot and lower leg | 19 | 31 | 9 | *New haircut?  Necklace?  Dress?  Boots?  Boots!* |
| dina | /'dainә/ | [电] 第纳干扰器 |  | 11 | 12 | 2 | *No-no-no-no-no-no, not her, not her. My youngest sister, Dina, she’s really interested in fashion, a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|sting]] | /stiŋ/ | n. 叮, 刺痛, 刺激, 讽刺 | n. a kind of pain; something as sudden and painful as being stung | 11 | 17 | 7 | *Sting has a son that goes there too!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bobby\|bobby]] | /'bɒbi/ | n. 警察 | n. an informal term for a British policeman | 8 | 38 | 8 | *Bobby Corso, but he’s a real nice guy. I like him a lot. He’s real funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concert\|concert]] | /'kɒnsәt/ | n. 音乐会, 和声, 一致 | n. a performance of music by players or singers not involving theatrical staging | 4 | 14 | 7 | *Uh-huh, yeah that’s too bad. I really want to go to his concert Friday night, but it’s totally sold * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#playpen\|playpen]] | /'pleipen/ | n. 游戏围栏 | n. a portable enclosure in which babies may be left to play | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Sure you can! Give them some blocks, put them in a playpen!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outfit\|outfit]] | /'autfit/ | n. 用具, 配备, 机构 | n. any cohesive unit such as a military company | 2 | 10 | 6 | *Anyway, I picked up this outfit that I want to wear and the, and the boots don’t really go with it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tan\|tan]] | /tæn/ | n. 黄褐色, 鞣料, 马戏团 | n. a browning of the skin resulting from exposure to the rays of the sun | 2 | 10 | 7 | *My boots in tan! Hey! Can you get a little closer so I can see the price?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#numb\|numb]] | /nʌm/ | a. 麻木的, 失去知觉的 | v. make numb or insensitive | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well it’s just me and my pal Rooster, the band’s name is Numb Nuts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haircut\|haircut]] | /'hєәkʌt/ | n. 理发, (男子的)发式 | n. the style in which hair has been cut | 1 | 10 | 9 | *New haircut?  Necklace?  Dress?  Boots?  Boots!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklace]] | /'neklis/ | n. 项链 | n. jewelry consisting of a cord or chain (often bearing gems) worn about the nec | 1 | 11 | 8 | *New haircut?  Necklace?  Dress?  Boots?  Boots!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#normally\|normally]] | /'nɒ:mәli/ | adv. 正规地, 合规则, 正常地 | r. under normal conditions | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Yes! Now, they’re a little more than I normally spend on boots…or rent* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saleswoman\|saleswoman]] | /'seilzwumәn/ | n. 女售货员, 女店员 | n a woman salesperson | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’m sorry, they just, they just look so good! And the saleswoman was looking at me like, "Oh, these * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compliment\|compliment]] | /'kɒmplimәnt/ | n. 称赞, 恭维, 敬意 | n. a remark (or act) expressing praise and admiration | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Honey, I’m not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I’m going to wear them all* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crotch\|crotch]] | /krɒtʃ/ | n. 分叉处, 丫叉, 胯部 | n. the angle formed by the inner sides of the legs where they join the human tru | 1 | 8 | 6 | *How can you let him talk to your crotch like that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#youngest\|youngest]] | /'jʌŋ^ist/ | n. 年纪最小的人, 最小的儿子/女儿 | a (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or devel | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No-no-no-no-no-no, not her, not her. My youngest sister, Dina, she’s really interested in fashion, a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smartest\|smartest]] |  | 聪明伶俐地 | a showing mental alertness and calculation and resourcefulness | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Great! Thanks! You’re gonna love her so much. And—Oh, she’s the smartest of all the Tribbiani childr* |
| smithfield |  | [地名] [美国、南非共和国、英国] 史密斯菲尔德 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey Ross! Doesn’t Ben go to the Smithfield Day School?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kidnapper\|kidnapper]] |  | n. 拐子, 绑架者 | n. someone who unlawfully seizes and detains a victim (usually for ransom) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What are you reading? The Kidnappers Guide to Manhattan Private Schools?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manhattan\|manhattan]] | /mæn'hætәn/ | n. 曼哈顿 | n. one of the five boroughs of New York City | 1 | 9 | 9 | *What are you reading? The Kidnappers Guide to Manhattan Private Schools?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]] | /'præktikl/ | a. 实际的, 现实的, 实用性的 | a. concerned with actual use or practice | 1 | 8 | 7 | *See Chandler? I’m getting a lot of use out of them already! They’re very practical. See, you can wea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sole\|sole]] | /sәul/ | n. 脚掌, 鞋底, 底部 | n. the underside of footwear or a golf club | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I can’t do that either! The soles’ are already a little scuffed up and the insides are filled with m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scuff\|scuff]] | /skʌf/ | vi. 拖着脚走, 磨损 | n. the act of scuffing (scraping or dragging the feet) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I can’t do that either! The soles’ are already a little scuffed up and the insides are filled with m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thorough\|thorough]] | /'θʌrә/ | a. 十分的, 彻底的 | s. painstakingly careful and accurate | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don’t think you did a very thorough job!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smooth\|smooth]] | /smu:ð/ | a. 平滑的, 平稳的, 流畅的, 和蔼的, 安祥的, 圆滑的, 调匀的, 无毛的 | n. the act of smoothing | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Wait! But Ross if they don’t get along then you should smooth things over. Make them be friends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#superstar\|superstar]] | /'sju:pәstɑ:/ | n. 超级明星 | n someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Here she is! Future fashion superstar!* |
| meetin |  | [网络] 在……碰头；同心协力逃离密室；相约结伴 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Thanks so much for meetin’ with me. Joey’s told me so much about you!* |
| ahhhhhhhh |  | [网络] 啊啊啊啊啊 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ahhhhhhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yawn\|yawn]] | /jɒ:n/ | n. 哈欠 | n. an involuntary intake of breath through a wide open mouth; usually triggered  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh nothing I’m just—just was yawning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cloud\|cloud]] | /klaud/ | n. 云, 阴暗, 烟雾, 疑团 | n. any collection of particles (e.g., smoke or dust) or gases that is visible | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Now sweetie, I know you don’t like my office parties, but you can wear your new boots. See? Every cl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] | /bɒs/ | n. 老板, 上司, 岩瘤, 浮雕, 母牛 | n. a person responsible for hiring workers | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Well y’know, I’m just-I’m just worried that bosses will see them and think they pay you too much mon* |
| ooo |  | n. 已坏 |  | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Okay?  Ooo wee! Christmas party in my boots!* |
| wee | /wi:/ | a. 很小的, 微小的 | n. a short time | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay?  Ooo wee! Christmas party in my boots!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meatball\|meatball]] | /'mi:tbɒ:l/ | n. 肉团, 愚蠢, 飞机降落目标 | n. ground meat formed into a ball and fried or simmered in broth | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Honey, it’s going to be okay. He’s been incredibly supportive of me, and if he gets a little upset; * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bub\|bub]] | /bʌb/ | n. 小弟弟, 小家伙 | n. Strong malt liquor. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Bub!!!   I can’t believe this! You’re the good one! You went to college! Both years! Who did this to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#corso\|corso]] |  | n. (Corso)人名；(英、法、葡、意)科尔索 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Bobby Corso, but he’s a real nice guy. I like him a lot. He’s real funny.* |
| doug |  | n. 道格 |  | 1 | 10 | 4 | *I have to go. My friend Doug is waiting for me over there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scatterbrain\|scatterbrain]] | /'skætәbrein/ | n. 注意力不集中的人 | n. a flighty and disorganized person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Umm, could-could I get a copy of that? ‘Cause Carol threw it out, she lost ours. She* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manhole\|manhole]] | /'mænhәul/ | n. 人孔 | n. a hole (usually with a flush cover) through which a person can gain access to | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey! Do you think that we can get to the subway right there if we climb down through the manhole cov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oddly\|oddly]] | /'ɒdli/ | adv. 奇怪地 | r in a manner differing from the usual or expected | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So I was right. This is what it feels like to be right.  It’s oddly unsettling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unsettle\|unsettle]] | /.ʌn'setl/ | vt. 使移动, 搅乱, 使动摇, 使不安宁 | v disturb the composure of | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So I was right. This is what it feels like to be right.  It’s oddly unsettling.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dearly\|dearly]] | /'diәli/ | adv. 深深地, 昂贵地 | r. in a sincere and heartfelt manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Just what needs to be done! Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this man and this woman…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beloved\|beloved]] | /bi'lʌvd/ | a. 心爱的 | n. a beloved person; used as terms of endearment | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Just what needs to be done! Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this man and this woman…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halfway\|halfway]] | /'hɑ:f'wei/ | a. 中途的, 不彻底的, 部分的 | s. at a point midway between two extremes | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ahhh! I heard "I do", we’re halfway there! Okay!  You!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witness]] | /'witnis/ | n. 证人, 目击者, 证据, 证词 | n. someone who sees an event and reports what happened | 1 | 10 | 9 | *All right Joey! That is enough!  Listen, as beautiful and moving as this ceremony is, it’s not legal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contraceptive\|contraceptive]] | /.kɒntrә'septiv/ | a. 避孕的 | n. an agent or device intended to prevent conception | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Heyyyyy! Contraceptives are not always effective!  Right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passageway\|passageway]] | /'pæsidʒwei/ | n. 通道, 走廊 | n. a passage between rooms or between buildings | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow! This place is incredible!  Sting’s pen…that he gave to Phoebe.  Come on! Secret passageway!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reschedule\|reschedule]] | /ri:ʃedju:l/ | [计] 重安排, 重调度 | v. assign a new time and place for an event | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh-hmm. Okay. Well then, could we reschedule? For say, Friday night perhaps at 8 o’clock?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reunion\|reunion]] | /ri:'ju:njәn/ | n. 团圆, 重聚 | n. a party of former associates who have come together again | 1 | 3 | 3 | *The Police? Here? A reunion?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saddlebag\|saddlebag]] | /'sædlbæg/ | n. 鞍囊 | n. a large bag (or pair of bags) hung over a saddle | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, why don’t you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chew\|chew]] | /tʃu:/ | vt. 咀嚼, 嚼碎 | n. a wad of something chewable as tobacco | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well, why don’t you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bale\|bale]] | /beil/ | n. 包, 捆, 货物, 灾难 | n. a large bundle bound for storage or transport | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, why don’t you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hay\|hay]] | /hei/ | n. 干草 | n. grass mowed and cured for use as fodder | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Well, why don’t you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disaster]] | /di'zɑ:stә/ | n. 灾祸, 不幸, 彻底失败 | n. an act that has disastrous consequences | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Joey, just because they’re not getting married doesn’t mean this is going to be a disaster. Maybe th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rooster\|rooster]] | /'ru:stә/ | n. 公鸡, 栖息的鸟 | n adult male chicken | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Well it’s just me and my pal Rooster, the band’s name is Numb Nuts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gangster\|gangster]] | /'gæŋstә/ | n. 流氓, 歹徒 | n. a criminal who is a member of gang | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You bet I am!  And to answer your earlier question, we’re straight-up gangster rap.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rap\|rap]] | /ræp/ | n. 轻敲, 拍击, 责骂, 无价值的东西 | n. a gentle blow | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You bet I am!  And to answer your earlier question, we’re straight-up gangster rap.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yard]] | /jɑ:d/ | n. 码, 庭院, 工场 | n. a unit of length equal to 3 feet; defined as 91.44 centimeters; originally ta | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Okay, now would you say that that’s more than 50 yards away from Sting, his wife, or a member of his* |
