---
season: 8
episode: "23"
title: "The One Where Rachel Has A Baby"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S08E23 — The One Where Rachel Has A Baby

Part I Written by: Scott Silveri Part II Written by: David Crane & Marta Kauffman Parts I & II Transcribed by: Eric Aasen


> [!scene] Scene: The Hospital, Ross and Rachel, who’s in a wheelchair, are arriving in the waiting room for the maternity ward.

**Ross:** All right! *(Checking his watch)* Yes!! From home to the hospital in under seven minutes! We did it!!

**Rachel:** *(deadpan)* Yes, the hard part is [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] over.

**Ross:** No, but come on, we’re off to a great start [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t we? I knew I’d get you here fast, but this has got to be some kind of a record!

*(Phoebe and Monica walk in from getting some coffee.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh you made it!

**Rachel:** Hi! *(Ross is stunned.)*

**Monica:** How are you doing?

**Ross:** Wait a minute! How-how the hell did you [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] us here?

**Monica:** We took a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]]. Did you guys walk?

**Ross:** N… No! We took a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] too, but I did test runs!

*(Chandler and Joey enter from the vending machines carrying sodas.)*

**Chandler:** Hi!

**Joey:** Hey! You made it!

**Ross:** Okay is there…some kind of magic [[Friends-词汇总表#tunnel\|tunnel]] to this hospital?!

**Rachel:** Ross, you stay here and talk, I’m gonna go have a baby.

**Ross:** Okay. Okay. *(To the nurse behind the desk.)* Umm hi, this is Rachel Green. I’m Ross Geller. We-we called from the car.

**Nurse:** Right! We have a semi-private labor room waiting for you. So in just a minute…

**Rachel:** *(interrupting her)* Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! I’m sorry, semi-private? We

*(Laughs), we asked for a private room.*

**Nurse:** Yes, I see that here. Unfortunately we can’t guarantee a private room and currently they’re all [[Friends-词汇总表#unavailable\|unavailable]].

**Chandler:** Man, if only you’d gotten here [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]]. *(Ross turns and glares at him.)*

**Nurse:** I’m sorry. Semi-private rooms are all we have.

**Rachel:** Okay. Just give us a second. Ross! *(They walk away from the desk.)*

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** Give her some money.

**Ross:** I really think they’re out of rooms.

**Rachel:** They’re not!! Ross, they’re just saving them for the important people!! Okay?! What-what if I was the president?!

**Ross:** Well then we’d be in a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]], you don’t know where any countries are. *(Rachel glares at him.)* Okay. *(He goes over to the desk followed by Rachel.)* Uh, say would you umm… Would you mind checking again to see if any umm, private rooms may have *(Handing her some money)* opened up?

**Nurse:** This is a hospital.

**Rachel:** *(standing up)* Okay. Y’know what? I’d have to say I really don’t care for your [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]]. And this is not the only hospital in this city and we have no problem to—Whoa! *(She starts a contraction)* Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]]! Whoa!

**Ross:** What-what?

**Rachel:** Ow! Ow! Contraction. *(Sits back down.)* Ow-ow! Ow-ow! *(Starts breathing heavily.)*

**Nurse:** Would you like to see a semi-private room?

**Rachel:** Yeah, it couldn’t hurt to look.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Semi-Private Labor Room, Rachel is in bed, Ross is fooling around, and Dr. Long is checking on Rachel.] Dr. Long: Well you’re only two centimeters dilated and we need to get to ten. It’ll be a while.

**Rachel:** Oh, okay. Dr. Long: I’ll be back in an hour to check you again.

**Ross:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** Thank you. *(Dr. Long exits.)* Well, I guess we have some time to kill.

**Ross:** Yeah, guess so. Whew! Check these out! *(He’s looking at the stirrups on the other bed in the room and Rachel groans. Ross then hops into the bed and puts his legs into the stirrups.)* Never done this before.

**Rachel:** Yeah well it looks great!

*(A nurse shows another couple into the room.)*

**Man:** Thank you very much.

**Woman:** Thanks.

*(They stop when they see Ross who has to struggle to get out of the bed.)*

**Ross:** Hi! Hi, I’m uh Ross. I’m here to [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] day for you.

**Man:** Oh no-no, not at all.

**Woman:** Don’t worry about it.

**Man:** Marc Coreger, this is my wife Julie.

**Ross:** Hi Julie.

**Julie:** Hi.

**Ross:** This is Rachel. *(Points at her.)*

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Marc:** Oh hi Rachel.

**Rachel:** How are you?

**Julie:** Hi. Is this your first?

**Rachel:** Yeah it is.

**Julie:** Well, little Jamie here is our third. So, if you have questions or you need anything at all, just [[Friends-词汇总表#holler\|holler]].

**Rachel:** That’s so sweet.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Ross:** Umm say, I-I opened this earlier *(The privacy screen)* but let me give you guys some privacy.

**Marc:** No [[Friends-词汇总表#nonsense\|nonsense]]! We’re all in this together.

**Julie:** Yeah, we are going to share every moment of this with you. And I think we’re gonna have some fun.

**Marc:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Oh, okay.

**Marc:** Hey! Smile! *(Points his camera at Ross and Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Oh no, I really don’t want any—*(He takes the picture)*—Oh! Thank you. Oh. Oh Ross…

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** Here comes another [[Friends-词汇总表#contraction\|contraction]].

**Ross:** Oh. Okay, just [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]].

**Julie:** Oh honey, I think I’m having one too!

*(During the mutual contraction Julie takes a moment to point out they’re having a contraction at the same time.)*

**Marc:** Look at this! *(Takes another picture)* There we go!


> [!scene] Scene: The Waiting Room, the rest of the gang is lounging around.

**Phoebe:** *(looking at the clock)* Oh wow, three hours and still no baby. Ugh, the [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]] of birth sure is a [[Friends-词汇总表#snooze\|snooze]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fest\|fest]].

**Monica:** Hey, you wanna see something?

**Phoebe:** Sure! What?

**Monica:** Umm, this is going to be fun. Watch me freak out Chandler. Honey?

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Monica:** Listen uh, I-I’ve been doing some thinking, and I don’t know whether it’s because we’re here or Rachel’s giving birth but umm, I think we should try to have a baby.

**Chandler:** Okay.

**Monica:** *(freaking out)* What-what-what’s that now?!

**Chandler:** Okay. I’ve been thinking about it too, and I, I think we’re ready.

**Monica:** What?! Are you kidding me?! You-you-you think we’re ready to have a baby now?!

**Phoebe:** Oh, this is fun.

**Joey:** You’re ready to have a baby? My boy’s all grown up!

**Chandler:** But you said you were ready too.

**Monica:** Yeah but I was just [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwing]] with you to try to get your voice all high and weird like mine is now!

**Chandler:** Yes, but haven’t you wanted a kid like [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]?

**Monica:** Okay, just back off [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]]! Whoa. *(Pause)* ‘Cause I am ready to have a baby. I just want Joey to be the father.

**Joey:** *(voice all high and weird)* What?! Are you crazy?!

**Monica:** That’s it! Right there! Is all I wanted!


> [!scene] Scene: The Semi-Private Labor Room, time lapse, Ross is massaging out a cramp on Rachel’s hip as Marc opens up the privacy screen.

**Marc:** I am so sorry. The doctor [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insisted]] on closing the [[Friends-词汇总表#curtain\|curtain]] for the [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exam]].

**Rachel:** Oh, that’s very—Really very-very okay.

**Marc:** Julie’s [[Friends-词汇总表#cervix\|cervix]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#dilate\|dilated]] a seven [[Friends-词汇总表#centimeter\|centimeters]], that’s about four [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]]. The doctor let me feel it myself.

**Julie:** Have you felt Rachel’s [[Friends-词汇总表#cervix\|cervix]] Ross?

**Rachel:** *(simultaneously as Ross)* No, I don’t think we’ll be doing that.

**Ross:** *(simultaneously as Rachel)* We’re not gonna do that.

**Julie:** Well, if you like you can feel Rachel’s and then feel mine to compare. Mrs. Geller: *(entering)* Am I [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupting]]?

**Ross:** Uh yes! Thank you.

**Rachel:** Oh. Oh wait no.

**Ross:** Later.

**Rachel:** No-no-don’t! Don’t leave me here with these people.

**Ross:** Oh uh, I’m sorry. *(Runs out.)*

**Rachel:** No Ross! Ross! Ross! My child has no father!


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Ross comes out and hugs Mrs. Geller.

**Ross:** Hi! I’m so glad you’re here, but it’s gonna be a while. I-I wished you’d called first. Mrs. Geller: Oh that’s all right, I’m coming back later with your father.

**Ross:** Oh good. Mrs. Geller: I actually needed to talk to you before the birth.

**Ross:** Okay, what’s up? Mrs. Geller: I brought something that I want to give you, [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assuming]] of course that you want it. *(She holds up an engagement ring.)*

**Ross:** Ma, you’re asking me to marry you? Mrs. Geller: This is your [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] ring, I want you to give it to Rachel.

**Ross:** Mom no, come on! Thank you. Mrs. Geller: Just hear me out!

**Ross:** N-no! Okay? We’ve been through this! We’re not gonna get married just because she’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]], okay? Mrs. Geller: Honestly! Ross, this isn’t just some girl you picked up in a bar and [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|humped]]. A child should have a family.

**Ross:** Mom, y’know what? I-I can’t deal with this right now. I’m sorry… Mrs. Geller: Just…think about it. If you don’t, I’ll talk more about [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|humping]].

**Ross:** Gimmie! *(Takes the ring and puts it in his coat pocket as Rachel enters the hallway.)*

**Rachel:** Hi! Mrs. Geller: Oh hi [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]]!

**Rachel:** Oh, thank you so much for coming. Ross, get in here!

*(Mrs. Geller leaves as Ross re-enters the room.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Waiting Room, Ross is explaining to the gang what happened with his mother.

**Ross:** …she came and [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|dragged]] me out of the labor room to ask me why I’m not with Rachel.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. *(Pause)* Why [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you with Rachel?

**Ross:** Are you kidding? Look, we’re not gonna be together just because we’re having a baby. Okay?

**Phoebe:** But y’know what? It just seems that you two [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] together.

**Ross:** Okay, stop it! I can’t deal with this right now. I have to go have a baby.

**Phoebe:** Right. And with who again? *(Ross exits.)*

**Joey:** God. He’s crazy! Why doesn’t he want to be with Rachel?

**Phoebe:** I know!

**Joey:** I mean seriously, she’s like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down, but if she hadn’t and wanted to be with me, I would take her in my [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]] and… *(Realizes everyone is staring.)* I haven’t [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bummed]] you guys out like this in a while have I?


> [!scene] Scene: The Semi-Private Labor Room, Ross is returning to find another couple has taken the place of Marc and Julie.

**Ross:** *(To Rachel)* Hey. Who’s that?

**Rachel:** New people.

**Ross:** What happened to the Disgustingtons?

**Rachel:** They’re having their baby! It’s not fair Ross we got here first! Right after you left they [[Friends-词汇总表#wheel\|wheeled]] her off into delivery. Oh but not before she gave me a [[Friends-词汇总表#juicy\|juicy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] of little Jamie just [[Friends-词汇总表#crown\|crowning]] away.

**Ross:** Wow! Sorry. So uh, how are the new people?

**Rachel:** Well they have uh, some [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] pet names for each other. Including umm, [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] bitch and uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]]. Oh God oh! Contraction!

**Ross:** Yeah? Okay.

**Rachel:** Ooh! Ow!!

**Evil Bitch:** Are you looking at her?!

**Sick Bastard:** No!

**Evil Bitch:** Don’t you look at her you sick bastard!

**Sick Bastard:** Honey I swear! I wasn’t looking at her!

**Evil Bitch:** She’s in labor! You like that you sick son of a bitch!

**Ross:** Umm. Umm, I’m-I’m just gonna—*(Closes the privacy screen.)*

**Evil Bitch:** See? See? It was because you were looking fat pervert!

**Ross:** No-no, I’m…I’m sure no one was looking. Just want some privacy. *(He closes the screen and stares wide-eyed at Rachel.)*

**Evil Bitch:** You miss your girlfriend?

**Ross:** Just [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] them.

*(Sick Bastard sits down in a chair that enables him to look around the screen and stare at Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Ross.

**Ross:** What? What?

**Rachel:** He’s looking at me.

**Ross:** *(to him)* Hey! You wanna live to see your baby?!

**Evil Bitch:** Don’t you talk to my husband like that you stupid bastard!

*(Ross shrugs his shoulders to Rachel and Sick Bastard closes the screen all the way.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Outside the Nursery, Chandler is looking at the babies as Monica walks up.

**Monica:** Oh good God! If you want a baby so bad just go steal it!

*(The nurse attending to the babies hears this, turns and stares at Chandler. Chandler moves Monica to the side and away from the nurse.)*

**Monica:** What is going on with you? Since when are you so crazy about babies?

**Chandler:** I’m not crazy about babies. I’m crazy about us.

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** Look, we’ve always talked about having babies [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]]. I’m not saying it has to be right now, but I’m starting to think that we can handle it. We’re good. We’re really good.

**Monica:** We are pretty good.

**Chandler:** But nothing has to happen until your ready.

**Monica:** Well maybe I’m ready now. I mean, it’s a little [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]], but maybe it’s right.

**Chandler:** What?! It’s not right! We’re not ready to have a kid now!!

**Monica:** What?!!

**Chandler:** I’m kidding. This is going to be fun.

**Monica:** So we’re gonna try? I mean, are we trying?

**Chandler:** We’re trying to get [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]. *(They start kissing, but Chandler stops it.)* Y’know I’m not really [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] doing this in front of the babies. So, when do you want to start trying?

**Monica:** Okay, hold on a sec.

**Chandler:** Period [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]]?

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Monica:** Well, we could start trying. Now.

**Chandler:** Right here?

**Monica:** No, not here. Maybe here.

**Chandler:** Wait a minute, it’s perfect. We got a lot of time to kill and we’re in a building that’s full of beds!

**Monica:** And it’s so clean!!

*(They run off in search of a bed.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Vending Machines, Phoebe is buying a soda and Joey is shaking the candy machine.

**Joey:** Come on you stupid machine! Come on!

**Phoebe:** Oh, it ate your money?

**Joey:** *(looking at her)* No.

**Phoebe:** All right, I’ll see you [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] then.

**Joey:** All right.

**Phoebe:** All right.

**Joey:** Hey I got one! I got one!


> [!scene] Cut to the elevator lobby, Phoebe walks up and sees a man in a wheelchair with his broken leg extended.

**Man:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** Hi.

**Man:** Oh uh, up or down?

**Phoebe:** Oh down please. *(The guy tries to reach the button, but can’t.)* I-I hate to be a ball [[Friends-词汇总表#buster\|buster]] can I just do it? *(She pushes the button.)*

**Man:** Could you press up too please?

**Phoebe:** Sure! I feel so bad for you; I broke my [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] once too.

**Man:** Oh yeah? How’d yours happen?

**Phoebe:** Well, it’s a long story. It’s kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]]. Let’s just say there was a [[Friends-词汇总表#typographical\|typographical]] error with a sex manual. *(The guy laughs.)* How about you?

**Man:** Car [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]].

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Man:** Oh, let me guess some [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] on a cell phone wasn’t paying attention?

**Man:** Yeah. Me. *(The elevator door opens.)* Oh hey, that’s me. *(Rolls onto the elevator.)* Hey uh, I take it you’re just visiting someone.

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh, yeah.

**Man:** Well umm, if you have [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] y’know and maybe you might want to visit someone else…

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah! I-I would like that.

**Man:** I’m in the middle… *(The elevator door closes, cutting him off.)*

**Phoebe:** Wait! What?! No!! Elevator!! No!

**Joey:** *(standing behind her)* Uh, you gotta press the button. *(Does so.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Semi-Private Labor Room, Evil Bitch and Sick Bastard are gone and Ross has just finished talking to a nurse as Rachel stands and stretches.

**Ross:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]] said they’re bringing in another woman.

**Rachel:** Ugh, is she [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] yet? She doesn’t need to be; she’ll still have the baby before I do. Oh Ross, another [[Friends-词汇总表#contraction\|contraction]]! *(Leans back on Ross for some support.)*

**Ross:** That’s it. That’s it.

*(The next couple enters.)*

**Woman:** Oooh, that sounded like a bad one.

**Rachel:** Yeah it was.

**Woman:** Mine haven’t been so bad. Oh! Here comes one now. *(Hums then squeals a little bit.)* Oh, that was a big one!

*(Rachel motions for Ross to close the privacy screen, which he does.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Another Waiting Room, Phoebe and Joey are trying to find out where the guy with the broken leg is.

**Phoebe:** *(to the nurse)* Excuse me? Could you help me with something? The patient I’m looking for has a broken [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] and is in a [[Friends-词汇总表#wheelchair\|wheelchair]]. And umm, he’s like early to mid-[[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirties]], very [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]].

**Nurse:** I think I know who you’re talking about.

**Phoebe:** Oh yay! Great! Okay, what room number is he in?

**Nurse:** I’m sorry, that information is [[Friends-词汇总表#restrict\|restricted]] to hospital staff…

**Joey:** *(walks up)* Uh, she’s with me. *(Introduces himself)* Dr. Drake Remoray.

**Nurse:** Dr. Drake who?

**Joey:** Remoray. It’s Portuguese. We need that information; I’m a doctor.

**Nurse:** A doctor at this hospital?

**Joey:** Damnit woman we’re losing [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]] time! Now do you want this man’s blood on your head?

**Phoebe:** Hands.

**Joey:** Hands! It is absolutely essential that you tell me what room the man my assistant [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|described]] is staying in. He’s a patient of mine, I’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treating]] him for years!

**Nurse:** He’s in room 816.

**Joey:** 816, thank you!

**Phoebe:** Thank you. *(Starts to exit.)*

*(Joey starts to leave, but stops.)*

**Joey:** And what is his name?

**Phoebe:** *(coming back for Joey)* No! *(Grabs Joey and drags him away.)*


> [!scene] Scene: An Empty Hospital Room, Chandler and Monica enter.

**Monica:** I think we found a place.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(They start kissing.)*

**Monica:** Umm, wait! Do you want to set the [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] a little?

**Chandler:** Okay. Uh, we’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#dim\|dim]] the lights, dim the lights. *(He goes to the light switch and finds it’s not a dimmer switch when he flips the lights off.)* Or turn them out all together. Uh, no [[Friends-词汇总表#scent\|scented]] [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candles]]. Okay here. Here we go. *(He sprays an aerosol air freshener above her.)*

**Monica:** Okay! Okay! Make me [[Friends-词汇总表#sterile\|sterile]], but okay.

*(He hops onto the bed and they start making out.)*

**Monica:** Okay. Let’s [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]]—Oh wait! Do we have a [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]]? *(He looks at her.)* Oh right! *(Laughs and they resume making out when a nurse catches them in the act.)*

**Chandler:** Yes, 98.6. You’re gonna be fine.


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Room 816, Phoebe and Joey are approaching.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, this is it! *(Looks in the window.)* Oh, that’s him! That’s him!

**Joey:** Great! Go get him.

**Phoebe:** Wait a second, or maybe you can go in first.

**Joey:** *(looks in the window)* He’s not really my type.

**Phoebe:** No not you, Dr. Drake Remoray. You can ask him questions and see what’s he like. People tell doctors everything.

**Joey:** But you said he was this great guy!

**Phoebe:** But [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerks]].

**Joey:** You do [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attract]] some [[Friends-词汇总表#stinker\|stinkers]].


> [!scene] Scene: The Semi-Private Labor Room, Dr. Long is checking on Rachel again.

**Rachel:** Dr. Long, I’ve been at this for [[Friends-词汇总表#seventeen\|seventeen]] hours! Three women have come and gone with their babies, you gotta give me some good news! How many [[Friends-词汇总表#centimeter\|centimeters]] am I [[Friends-词汇总表#dilate\|dilated]]? Eight? Nine? Dr. Long: Three.

**Ross:** Just three?! I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#dilate\|dilated]] three! Dr. Long: We are moving along, just [[Friends-词汇总表#slowly\|slowly]]. *(Rachel lies back and sighs.)* Don’t worry, you’re doing great. I’ll be back soon. *(Exits.)*

**Rachel:** Hey, y’know what? I’m not waiting! I’m gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] this baby out! I’m doing it! I mean it’s what? Three [[Friends-词汇总表#centimeter\|centimeters]]? That’s gotta be like this! *(Holds her hands a couple inches apart.)*

**Ross:** Actually it’s more like this. *(Pushes her hands to less than an inch apart.)*

**Rachel:** Oh stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#metric\|metric]] system!

*(Another woman with a nurse and doctor enter, the woman is screaming.)*

**Doctor:** Oh my. We’re gonna need to take you straight to the delivery room.

**Rachel:** Oh for the love of God!

**Woman Giving Birth:** *(yelling from the hallway)* It’s coming! It’s coming!

**Doctor:** And here it is! *(The baby cries.)*

**Rachel:** Oh come on!!


> [!scene] Scene: Room 816, Dr. Drake Remoray is entering.

**Joey:** Hi! I’m Dr. Drake Remoray and I have a few [[Friends-词汇总表#routine\|routine]] questions I need to ask you.

**Man:** Really? I’ve been dealing with Dr. Wells.

**Joey:** I know, but I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#neurologist\|neurologist]]. And just to be on the safe side, Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensive overview of you status so he sent me.

**Man:** Dr. Wells is a woman.

**Joey:** That was a test. Good response. All right, full name.

**Man:** Clifford Burnett.

**Joey:** Date of birth?

**Cliff:** November 16th, 1968.

**Joey:** Age?

**Cliff:** Can’t you figure that out based on my date of birth?

**Joey:** I’m a doctor Cliff, not a [[Friends-词汇总表#mathematician\|mathematician]].

**Cliff:** I’m 33.

**Joey:** Okay. And uh, are you married.

**Cliff:** No.

**Joey:** Oh really? So, 33 and still single, would you say you have [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] issues?

**Cliff:** Are all the questions this personal?

**Joey:** *(checking the list)* Yes.

**Cliff:** Well uh if you must know I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#widower\|widower]].

**Joey:** Oh that’s terrible. I’m-I’m really sorry.

**Cliff:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Hmm. Do you sleep with women and never call them again?

**Cliff:** No.

**Joey:** Excellent! Excellent! And uh, finally, are you into any weird stuff y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#sexually\|sexually]]?

**Cliff:** No!

**Joey:** Oooh, wrong answer. *(Exits.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Semi-Private Labor Room, they’re brining in yet another woman.

**Nurse:** *(calling to the woman)* This room’s available.

**Rachel:** Okay! Okay wait! You listen to me! You listen to me! Since I have been waiting four women, that’s four, one higher than the number of [[Friends-词汇总表#centimeter\|centimeters]] that I am [[Friends-词汇总表#dilate\|dilated]], have come and gone with their babies! I’m next! It’s my turn! It’s only fair! And if you bring in one woman and she has her baby before me I’m going to [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]] you! Not this hospital, I’m going to sue you! And my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] *(Points at Ross)* he’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]]!

**Ross:** Uh Rach…

**Rachel:** Go get back on that case honey!

**Nurse:** I don’t think the next patient is very far along.

**Rachel:** Okay, well then bring her in.

*(Another nurse wheels the next pregnant woman in.)*

**Woman:** OH….MY….GAWD!!! *(Uh-huh, it’s Janice.)*

*(Ross and Rachel are, needless to say, stunned at the arrival of Janice.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Semi-Private Labor Room, continued from earlier.

**Janice:** I….can’t….believe this!

**Ross:** And yet [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] it’s true!

**Janice:** I mean this is so great! We’re gonna be baby buddies! *(Does the laugh.)*

**Ross:** *(To Rachel)* Squeeze your [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]] together and cover the baby’s [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ears]]!

**Man:** *(entering, carrying a pillow)* Hi sweetie!

**Janice:** Hi! Hi [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]]! This is my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] Sid, I don’t think you’ve met him. Ross, Rachel, this is Sid. I [[Friends-词汇总表#nab\|nabbed]] him a year ago at the [[Friends-词汇总表#dermatologist\|dermatologist]]’s office. Thank God for adult [[Friends-词汇总表#acne\|acne]] huh? *(Does the laugh.)*

**Sid:** I still can’t believe it! I’m the [[Friends-词汇总表#luckiest\|luckiest]] guy in the world!

**Ross:** *(softly)* Really?

**Sid:** *(To Janice)* What’d he say?

**Janice:** Oh y’know what? You have to speak very [[Friends-词汇总表#loudly\|loudly]] when you’re talking to Sid, because he’s almost completely [[Friends-词汇总表#deaf\|deaf]].

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Ross:** Oh there you go!

**Rachel:** I get it!

**Janice:** So? Congratulations you two, I didn’t even know you got married.

**Rachel:** Oh we-we didn’t.

**Ross:** No-no. We…

**Janice:** What?!

**Ross:** Um uh…We’re-we’re just having this baby together but uh, uh that’s all.

**Janice:** Why?!!

**Ross:** Uh well umm…we’re just not in that place, y’know? But we’re very excited about this.

**Janice:** Oh. Well then [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] me up. *(Does the laugh.)*

**Rachel:** Just tell me how.

**Janice:** Uh-oh, I feel another one coming. *(She makes a sound like a goose during the contraction.)*

**Ross:** Sid you lucky [[Friends-词汇总表#deaf\|deaf]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]].


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Room 816, Joey is briefing Phoebe on Cliff.

**Phoebe:** What else? What else?

**Joey:** Uh, well he’s 33.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Ah-uh.

**Joey:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#widower\|widower]].

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Joey:** He seemed like a stand up guy. Oh, and he’s not into anything weird [[Friends-词汇总表#sexually\|sexually]].

**Phoebe:** Enter Pheebs.


> [!scene] Scene: Another Hospital Room, Chandler and Monica enter and start making out.

**Chandler:** Should we tell Rachel there’s an [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] private room right next door to [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]]?

**Monica:** We could, or we can have sex in it.

**Chandler:** Well let me think about that, while I remove my pants!

*(They start making out again.)*

**Monica:** *(lying down on the bed)* Okay [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]]! Fertilize me!

*(Suddenly they hear Janice laughing, and it ruins the moment.)*

**Monica:** Does that sound like Janice?

**Chandler:** If it’s not, then there’s two of them. And that would mean it’s the end of the world!


> [!scene] Scene: The Semi-Private Labor Room, Chandler and Monica are entering to see if they in fact did hear Janice.

**Monica:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Oh hi.

**Monica:** I can’t believe this is taking so long. How are you doing?

**Rachel:** Oh not bad. Do you know that [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] when you’re trying to blow a Saint Bernard out your ass?

**Chandler:** Weirdest thing. Did I hear—*(A nurse opens the privacy screen and Chandler sees Janice)*—Mother of God it’s true!

**Janice:** Chandler Bing!

**Chandler:** Jan-Janice!

**Ross:** Not just Janice, Janice in labor, contracting and everything.

**Janice:** Oh, this should be easy. I have a very wide [[Friends-词汇总表#pelvis\|pelvis]]. You remember Chandler.

**Chandler:** Janice I didn’t even know you were [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]! Who’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#unwitting\|unwitting]] human who’s [[Friends-词汇总表#essence\|essence]] you’ve stolen?

**Janice:** It’s you. This is yours.

**Chandler:** What?!

**Janice:** *(laughs)* Look how [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] he gets! We haven’t slept together in years! *(Laughs again.)*

**Chandler:** That’s funny. Does it-does it hurt? Does the labor hurt?


> [!scene] Scene: Room 816, Phoebe is making her move on Cliff.

**Phoebe:** Okay I’ve got one for you, if you had too which one would you rather eat, a seeing eye dog or a talking [[Friends-词汇总表#gorilla\|gorilla]]?

**Cliff:** I’d have to say…the talking [[Friends-词汇总表#gorilla\|gorilla]], because at least I can [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] to him that you’re making me eat him.

**Phoebe:** Somebody went to college. Wow. *(Cliff gets uncomfortable)* What is it? I’m sorry. *(She moves her arm, which was resting on the same pillow his leg is.)*

**Cliff:** No, I’m sorry. It’s just my foot [[Friends-词汇总表#itch\|itches]] like crazy.

**Phoebe:** Oh, I’ll get it. *(She gets up and grabs a spoon.)*

**Cliff:** Wow! I usually get to know a girl a little better before I let her [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] me.

**Phoebe:** Relax, it’s not like we’re [[Friends-词汇总表#fork\|forking]].


> [!scene] Scene: The Semi-Private Labor Room, Janice is being moved to the delivery room and is screaming in pain.

**Rachel:** Oh that’s five Ross. Five women have had five babies! And I have had no babies! Why doesn’t she want to come out?

**Ross:** Y’know what I think it is? I think you’ve made such a nice home for her over the last [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] months that she just doesn’t want to leave.

**Rachel:** Oh. Look at you making up [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] for me. Oh God! *(Starts another contraction as Dr. Long enters.)* Dr. Long: Twenty-one hours, you’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]].

**Rachel:** Doctor you gotta do something! I think you gotta give me drugs or you gotta light a fire up in there and just [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] it out. Dr. Long: Actually, I think you’re ready to go to the delivery room.

**Rachel:** What? Dr. Long: Ten [[Friends-词汇总表#centimeter\|centimeters]], you’re about to become a mom.

**Rachel:** My God. Okay. *(Another woman enters.)* Ha-ha-ha [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] ya! Sucker!


> [!scene] Scene: Room 816, Phoebe and Cliff are eating some pudding with spoons.

**Cliff:** Is this the same [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] that was in my cast? *(Smells it.)*

**Phoebe:** Y’know what? This one is. *(Eats another spoonful of pudding as Cliff sees something on TV.)*

**Cliff:** Oh my God! That’s the doctor who was in my room before!

**Phoebe:** Huh. Okay, Mr. Perkazet.

**Cliff:** I’m telling you! The guy from that show was here in my room, asking me all these weird questions!

**Phoebe:** Cliff, do you really believe that a character from a TV show was here in your room?

**Joey:** *(entering)* Rachel’s having her baby!! *(Phoebe turns and looks at him.)* Which is of no interest to me, I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#neurologist\|neurologist]].

**Cliff:** That-that’s him! You know him?

**Phoebe:** Okay. Okay. I—Okay umm…this…I-I sent my friend Joey in here to find out stuff about you. Umm y’know, if it helps you came off great. A lot better than I’m coming off right now.

**Cliff:** I don’t believe this. You got him to [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] he was some [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] doctor?

**Joey:** Fake? Excuse me? Hello? *(Taps the TV screen.)*

**Cliff:** And then you tried to make me think that I was crazy.

**Phoebe:** You’re right, that was wrong. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. It’s just that I liked you so much. Can we just, can we just start over?

**Cliff:** I don’t think so.

**Joey:** Uh, if I may? Umm-umm look, Cliff, you told me a lot of personal stuff about you, right? And maybe-maybe it would if-if would help if-if you knew some personal stuff about her. Uh, she was married to a gay ice [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]]. Uh, she gave birth to her brother’s [[Friends-词汇总表#triplet\|triplets]]. Oh! Oh! Her-her [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] sister used to do porn!

**Phoebe:** Uh Joey, we’re trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] down the crazy.

**Joey:** Right!

**Phoebe:** Umm, look we don’t, we don’t really know each other so it would be really easy to just forget about this, but there seems to be something between us. And I don’t know about you but that doesn’t happen to me a lot.

**Cliff:** It doesn’t happen to me either.

**Joey:** Me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]].


> [!scene] Scene: The Delivery Room, Rachel is finally giving birth.] Dr. Long: Push. Push. Come on push for five seconds. 5…4…

**Rachel:** 3-2-1 oh!! Dr. Long: Okay, the next [[Friends-词汇总表#contraction\|contraction]] should be in about [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] seconds.

**Rachel:** I can’t. I can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] anymore, I can’t.

**Ross:** Sweetie you’re doing great.

**Rachel:** Oh God [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] seconds my ass!! Dr. Long: Here we go! Okay, keep [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]]! Wait! I see something.

**Ross:** What? You do? You do? *(Looks)* Oh my God!

**Rachel:** Don’t say, "Oh my God!" Oh my God what?

**Ross:** What is that? Dr. Long: It’s the baby’s [[Friends-词汇总表#buttock\|buttock]], she’s [[Friends-词汇总表#breech\|breech]].

**Ross:** Oh thank God, I thought she had two heads.

**Rachel:** Oh God. Is she gonna be okay? Dr. Long: She’s gonna be fine. Okay, she’s in a more difficult position so you’re gonna have to [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] even [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] now. Go! Push!

**Ross:** Go! Dr. Long: Rachel you’re gonna have to [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] even [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]], nothing’s happening!

**Rachel:** I’m sorry, I can’t!

**Ross:** Yes you can!

**Rachel:** I can’t!

**Ross:** Hey! Hey! Come on! You can! I know you can do this! Let’s go!

**Rachel:** I can’t. Please, you do it for me.

**Ross:** No! Come on let’s—One more time! One final [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]]! Ready? 1…2…3! *(Rachel pushes so hard her head snaps up head-butting Ross and knocking him down.)* Dr. Long: Good!

**Ross:** *(from the floor)* Keep [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushing]]!

**Rachel:** Are you okay?

**Ross:** You have no idea how much this hurts. *(All of the women in the room turn and glare at him.)* Keep going! Keep going! Dr. Long: Here we go!

**Ross:** Oh! Oh! She’s [[Friends-词汇总表#upside\|upside]] down but she’s coming! She’s coming!

**Rachel:** Oh God!

**Ross:** Oh! Oh my God oh! Oh my God she’s here.

*(The newest friend cries.)*

**Ross:** Oh she’s…she’s perfect.

**Rachel:** Oh, she’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]]. *(Starts crying)* Where’d she go?

**Ross:** Oh it’s okay. They’re just-they’re just [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrapping]] her up.

**Rachel:** Okay. Well be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] with her, she’s really [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]]. Dr. Long: Here she is!

*(Dr. Long hands her to Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Oh hey you. Thanks for coming out of me. *(The baby cries.)* I know. Oh. Yeah. Oh, she’s looking at me. Hi! I know you. Dr. Long: Do we have a name yet?

**Rachel:** No, not yet. Dr. Long: That’s fine, for now we’ll just call her Baby Girl Green.

**Rachel:** Oh no, Baby Girl Geller-Green.

*(Ross and Rachel look into each other’s eyes and kiss.)*

**Rachel:** Hello baby girl.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Recovery Room, Ross is taking pictures of Rachel holding the baby as the rest of the gang enters.

**Phoebe:** Can we come in?

**Ross:** Oh, come in.

**Phoebe:** Hi!

**Joey:** There she is!

**Phoebe:** Oh, she’s so beautiful.

**Rachel:** Here. *(Hands her to Monica.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God! She’s amazing. Oh, oh I’m so glad you guys got drunk and had sex!

**Chandler:** It’s incredible, I mean one minute she’s inside you and then 47 hours later here she is.

**Joey:** *(taking the baby)* She looks so real! *(The gang looks at him.)* Y’know what I mean! She’s this whole [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] little person. She already has [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelashes]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knees]] and…uh-oh.

**Rachel:** What?

**Joey:** Oh no-no, no for I second there I counted six [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]], but one was from the other hand so we’re good.

**Phoebe:** Okay, my turn. My turn. *(Joey hands her to Phoebe.)* Oh! You’re so cute! Oh, I could [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] your little head! *(Pause)* I won’t.

*(Rachel starts crying again.)*

**Monica:** What’s the matter?

**Rachel:** Oh nothing I… Sorry, I just can’t stop crying.

**Ross:** The doctor says it’s completely normal with all the [[Friends-词汇总表#hormone\|hormones]]. Plus, you-you’re sleep [[Friends-词汇总表#deprive\|deprived]].

**Rachel:** So? You guys are all sleep [[Friends-词汇总表#deprive\|deprived]]. I don’t see you [[Friends-词汇总表#weep\|weeping]] because you put your [[Friends-词汇总表#slipper\|slippers]] on the wrong feet. Oh God. *(Starts to cry harder.)*

**Joey:** What’s the matter now?

**Rachel:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#relive\|reliving]] it.

**Phoebe:** Ohhh. *(Hands her back to Rachel.)*

**Chandler:** So, do you know what you’re gonna call her yet?

**Phoebe:** Oh, wait a minute it’s not gonna be Baby Girl? I thought that was so original!

**Ross:** Uh actually, we-we’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#narrow\|narrowed]] it down to two names.

**Rachel:** Yeah, and y’know what? I love them both, so why don’t you just pick one and that’ll be it.

**Ross:** Wow! Umm, okay uh…everyone…this…is Isabella. *(Rachel starts crying.)* What?

**Rachel:** That’s not her name! I’m sorry, she just doesn’t feel like an Isabella.

**Chandler:** So then I guess Ferdinad is out.

**Joey:** What was the other one Ross?

**Ross:** Umm, Delilah.

**Rachel:** Oh great! Suddenly she sounds like a [[Friends-词汇总表#biblical\|biblical]] [[Friends-词汇总表#whore\|whore]].

**Ross:** So I guess we’re back to uh, Baby Girl.

**Phoebe:** Yay!

**Rachel:** Well what are we going to do?

**Monica:** It’s okay honey, you’ll find a name.

**Ross:** Ugh, easy for you to say, you already know what your kids names are going to be.

**Chandler:** You do?

**Monica:** Yeah, I’ve had them picked out since I was [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]].

**Chandler:** Oh no, it’s gonna be named after some [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|baked]] good isn’t it?

**Rachel:** Well tell us! What are they?

**Monica:** Umm, okay. If it’s a boy it’s Daniel.

**Rachel:** And if it’s a girl?

**Monica:** I don’t want to say.

**Rachel:** Oh, just tell us! We’re not gonna want it!

**Monica:** Okay. It’s Emma.

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Emma! *(Looks at the baby and starts to cry.)* See? I don’t want it.

**Monica:** Take it.

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** It’s clearly an Emma.

**Rachel:** Oh honey, but you love that name.

**Monica:** Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y’know, nothing goes with Bing. So I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]]. I mean… *(Rachel hands Emma to Monica.)* Oh, hi Emma. Yeah, that’s you. You’re our little Em. Oh what’s that honey? What? Oh, you want a little [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]]? *(To Chandler)* You want a [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] right now?!


> [!scene] Scene: A Janitorial Closet, Monica and Chandler are emerging slowly.

**Chandler:** That was amazing.

**Monica:** I know. Hey, do you realize we may have just changed our lives [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]? We may have just started a family. Nine months from now we can be here, having our own baby.

**Chandler:** And if not, we got to do it on a [[Friends-词汇总表#bucket\|bucket]].


> [!scene] Scene: The Recovery Room, Rachel is putting Emma down for a nap.

**Janice:** *(entering)* Yoo-hoo! Aaron Litman-Neurolic would like to say hello to his future [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]].

**Rachel:** Ohhh! *(Looks at Aaron and recoils in horror.)* Wow! He kinda takes your [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] away doesn’t he?

**Janice:** He’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#keeper\|keeper]]. How are you [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]?

**Rachel:** Oh, I’m fine. *(Gasps in pain as she sits down.)*

**Janice:** Can I just say, I really [[Friends-词汇总表#admire\|admire]] what you’re doing. Just [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raising]] her all alone.

**Rachel:** Oh, I’m not doing it alone. I have Ross.

**Janice:** Oh, sure. Now. But what happens when he meets somebody else and gets married?

**Rachel:** Well then he gets a divorce, it’s Ross!

**Janice:** I’m telling you Rachel, listen to Janice. They all say they’re gonna be there until they start their real family.

**Rachel:** Well I—That’s never gonna happen with Ross.

**Janice:** Oh well that’s what I thought about my first [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]], now I’m lucky if my kid gets to spend the weekend with her father and the [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twins]] and little Ms. New Boobs.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Janice:** I hate to be the one to say it, but honey you two *(Her and Emma)* are on your own.

**Rachel:** Well… That’s…y’know—That’s—We’ve been alone for the last [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] minutes we’re doing okay. Besides y’know what? I-I—Maybe we won’t be alone, ‘cause [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] I-I—things have been happening between me and Ross, y’know? Right before I went into labor, we-we had this kiss. Y’know? So it might be the…the beginning of something.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey Janice!

**Janice:** Oh hi!

**Ross:** Who’s this little guy? *(Gasps when he sees Aaron.)*

**Janice:** Say hello to Aaron, your future son-in-law.

**Ross:** No-no. No.

**Janice:** I’m gonna leave the three of you alone.

**Ross:** Okay.

**Janice:** Bye. *(Exits.)*

**Ross:** Man! Did you see the kid on that [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]]?

**Rachel:** Uh-huh. *(Ross takes off his coat and sets in on a chair.)* Y’know what I was, I was thinking about?

**Ross:** Huh?

**Rachel:** Umm…that kiss before we left the apartment. That was some-something huh?

**Ross:** Yeah. Yeah, it really was. But we…we gotta be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]]. We…we can’t let that happen again, y’know?

**Rachel:** *(pause)* Right.

**Ross:** I mean we don’t want to go down that road do we?

**Rachel:** No! No, of course not. No. That’s why I brought it up. *(Pause)* They didn’t have any [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|sodas]]?

**Ross:** Oh my God! I’m sorry, I was talking to this [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]], completely forgot.

**Rachel:** That’s all right. *(He goes to get her a soda.)* And so it begins.


> [!scene] Scene: Outside the Nursery, Ross is looking at Emma as Phoebe walks up.

**Phoebe:** Is she in there?

**Ross:** Yeah. She’s putting her down now, that’s her. *(Points to the nurse putting Emma now.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh!

**Ross:** Look at Emma!

**Phoebe:** I just can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] who she looks more [[Friends-词汇总表#alike\|alike]], you or Rachel?

**Ross:** Oh what are you kidding? She’s [[Friends-词汇总表#gorgeous\|gorgeous]], it’s all Rachel.

*(Pause)*

**Phoebe:** I’m sorry, for the last time, why [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you two together again? *(Silence from Ross.)* No, I know. I know, because you’re not in that place. Which would be fine, except you totally are.

**Ross:** It’s…it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]] okay?

**Phoebe:** Yeah that’s true. Yeah, you love her. You always have. You have a child together. There is no right answer.

**Ross:** Look, we’ve been together. Okay? And then [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]], and then together, and then apart, and now we have a baby. *(Pause)* It’s just if-if we got together again and it didn’t work out…I could never do that to Emma. I mean she-she thinking everything—*(Starts to cry.)* Oh that’s…now me. What do they put something in the water in this place? Since Rachel and I we’re doing really, we’re doing really well right now.

**Phoebe:** I know. I know. I know. I know, and if you try to make it more you might [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wreck]] it.

**Ross:** Yeah, exactly.

**Phoebe:** Right. *(Pause)* Or you might get everything you’ve wanted since you were [[Friends-词汇总表#fifteen\|fifteen]].


> [!scene] Scene: The Delivery Room, Rachel is in bed as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey. I just saw a woman breast feeding both of her [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twins]] at the same time; it is like a freak show up here. *(Notices she’s wiping her eyes.)* What’s the matter?

**Rachel:** Nothing.

**Joey:** What is it? Hey!

**Rachel:** Really it’s nothing. I’m just…

**Joey:** Rach come on, what?

**Rachel:** I’ve just been thinking about how my baby and I are gonna be all alone.

**Joey:** What are you talking about alone? What about Ross?

**Rachel:** Oh please, he’ll be with his real family, the [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twins]] and little miss new [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]].

**Joey:** Okay, how long was I watching that woman?

**Rachel:** I’m just saying that y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] Ross is gonna meet somebody and…he’s gonna have his own life. Right?

**Joey:** Yeah, I guess so.

**Rachel:** I just never thought I would [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] this baby all by myself. Pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] huh?

**Joey:** Hey, listen to me, listen to me…you are never ever gonna be alone. Okay? I promise that’s not gonna happen.

**Rachel:** Joey. Honey what would I do without you?

*(They hug.)*

**Joey:** You don’t have to worry about that okay?

*(Pause)*

**Rachel:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#hon\|hon]] can you grab me my other box of [[Friends-词汇总表#tissue\|tissues]]? They’re right on that chair under Ross’s [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]].

**Joey:** Sure.

**Rachel:** Okay.

*(He moves Ross’s coat to get the tissues and the engagement ring box Mrs. Geller gave him falls out of the pocket it was inside. Joey goes to one knee, picks up the box, opens it, and sees that it’s an engagement ring.)*

**Joey:** My God.

**Rachel:** Joey.

*(He turns to face Rachel on one knee with the box open.)*

**Rachel:** *(seeing the ring)* Oh my God. *(Pause)* Okay.

*(Joey is stunned.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Ross getting of an elevator carrying a bouquet of flowers and walking down the hall to Rachel’s room.


> [!scene] Fade to black.


---

**Closing Credits {Transcriber’s Note: As with all the cliffhangers, there was no credits scene. There will be a ninth and final season of Friends starting sometime in September. See you then, have a good summer everyone.}**


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 10 | 376 | 86 | *Okay. Okay.  Umm hi, this is Rachel Green. I’m Ross Geller. We-we called from the car.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 8 | 253 | 119 | *What?! Are you crazy?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 7 | 385 | 206 | *But nothing has to happen until your ready.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 6 | 442 | 191 | *Thank you.  Well, I guess we have some time to kill.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 5 | 422 | 131 | *N-no! Okay? We’ve been through this! We’re not gonna get married just because she’s pregnant, okay? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 4 | 211 | 141 | *What?! Are you kidding me?! You-you-you think we’re ready to have a baby now?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 4 | 266 | 138 | *Yeah but I was just screwing with you to try to get your voice all high and weird like mine is now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 4 | 180 | 101 | *Yeah but I was just screwing with you to try to get your voice all high and weird like mine is now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 3 | 130 | 89 | *Yeah, it couldn’t hurt to look.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 3 | 169 | 121 | *Don’t worry about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 3 | 308 | 105 | *Mom no, come on! Thank you. Mrs. Geller: Just hear me out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 3 | 217 | 129 | *Hmm. Do you sleep with women and never call them again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Thank you.  Well, I guess we have some time to kill.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 2 | 99 | 81 | *Umm, this is going to be fun. Watch me freak out Chandler. Honey?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Hi! I’m so glad you’re here, but it’s gonna be a while. I-I wished you’d called first. Mrs. Geller: * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *Come on you stupid machine! Come on!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 2 | 182 | 101 | *Oh down please.  I-I hate to be a ball buster can I just do it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 2 | 95 | 64 | *Oh yeah? How’d yours happen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me? Could you help me with something? The patient I’m looking for has a broken leg and is in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 2 | 68 | 52 | *Sid you lucky deaf bastard.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 2 | 155 | 54 | *Chandler Bing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *Okay I’ve got one for you, if you had too which one would you rather eat, a seeing eye dog or a talk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 2 | 162 | 106 | *Oh my God! She’s amazing. Oh, oh I’m so glad you guys got drunk and had sex!* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 2 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 2 | 219 | 100 | *Well… That’s…y’know—That’s—We’ve been alone for the last twenty minutes we’re doing okay. Besides y’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Wait a minute! How-how the hell did you beat us here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *You’re ready to have a baby? My boy’s all grown up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *I mean seriously, she’s like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down, but if she hadn’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *Well they have uh, some unusual pet names for each other. Including umm, evil bitch and uh, sick bas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Oh good God! If you want a baby so bad just go steal it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Damnit woman we’re losing precious time! Now do you want this man’s blood on your head?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Hands! It is absolutely essential that you tell me what room the man my assistant described is stayi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Oh that’s terrible. I’m-I’m really sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Oh y’know what? You have to speak very loudly when you’re talking to Sid, because he’s almost comple* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Uh well umm…we’re just not in that place, y’know? But we’re very excited about this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Well let me think about that, while I remove my pants!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *Oh not bad. Do you know that feeling when you’re trying to blow a Saint Bernard out your ass?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Relax, it’s not like we’re forking.* |

### 常用词（88）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 6 | 68 | 35 | *Hey, y’know what? I’m not waiting! I’m gonna push this baby out! I’m doing it! I mean it’s what? Thr* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 6 | 204 | 33 | *Okay. It’s Emma.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 4 | 118 | 49 | *N-no! Okay? We’ve been through this! We’re not gonna get married just because she’s pregnant, okay? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 4 | 58 | 20 | *Uh, she’s with me.  Dr. Drake Remoray.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remoray\|remoray]] |  | [地名] 勒莫赖 ( 法 ) |  | 4 | 23 | 12 | *Uh, she’s with me.  Dr. Drake Remoray.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 3 | 69 | 45 | *No, but come on, we’re off to a great start aren’t we? I knew I’d get you here fast, but this has go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 3 | 32 | 24 | *Dr. Long, I’ve been at this for seventeen hours! Three women have come and gone with their babies, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 3 | 68 | 42 | *Okay! Okay wait! You listen to me! You listen to me! Since I have been waiting four women, that’s fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 3 | 34 | 28 | *Oh. Look at you making up crap for me. Oh God!  Dr. Long: Twenty-one hours, you’re a hero.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 3 | 45 | 36 | *Oh, she’s so tiny.  Where’d she go?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 3 | 59 | 24 | *Oh well that’s what I thought about my first husband, now I’m lucky if my kid gets to spend the week* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 2 | 35 | 29 | *Wait a minute! How-how the hell did you beat us here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 2 | 70 | 38 | *We took a cab. Did you guys walk?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 2 | 58 | 48 | *Yes, but haven’t you wanted a kid like forever?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 2 | 25 | 23 | *Okay, just back off mister! Whoa.  ‘Cause I am ready to have a baby. I just want Joey to be the fath* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 2 | 50 | 46 | *Julie’s cervix is dilated a seven centimeters, that’s about four fingers. The doctor let me feel it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 2 | 27 | 24 | *Well they have uh, some unusual pet names for each other. Including umm, evil bitch and uh, sick bas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] | /'sʌmdei/ | adv. 有一天 | r. some unspecified time in the future | 2 | 16 | 13 | *Look, we’ve always talked about having babies someday. I’m not saying it has to be right now, but I’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 2 | 58 | 39 | *Sure! I feel so bad for you; I broke my leg once too.* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 2 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh, that sounded like a bad one.* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 2 | 71 | 46 | *Oh yay! Great! Okay, what room number is he in?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 2 | 26 | 23 | *But lately all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the biggest jerks* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 2 | 19 | 15 | *Squeeze your legs together and cover the baby’s ears!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] | /spu:n/ | n. 匙, 调羹, 匙形工具 | n. a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to | 2 | 17 | 12 | *Wow! I usually get to know a girl a little better before I let her spoon me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 2 | 51 | 37 | *I don’t believe this. You got him to pretend he was some fake doctor?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 2 | 29 | 25 | *Oh God. Is she gonna be okay? Dr. Long: She’s gonna be fine. Okay, she’s in a more difficult positio* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 2 | 41 | 29 | *Okay. Well be careful with her, she’s really tiny. Dr. Long: Here she is!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 2 | 47 | 38 | *Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y’know, nothing goes with Bing. So I’m screwed. I mean…  Oh, hi E* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 2 | 29 | 19 | *Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y’know, nothing goes with Bing. So I’m screwed. I mean…  Oh, hi E* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 2 | 27 | 18 | *Oh well that’s what I thought about my first husband, now I’m lucky if my kid gets to spend the week* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] | /ә'pɑ:t/ | adv. 成零碎, 成距离, 分别地, 分离着 | s. remote and separate physically or socially | 2 | 19 | 15 | *Look, we’ve been together. Okay? And then apart, and then together, and then apart, and now we have * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunately\|unfortunately]] | /ʌn'fɔ:tjjnәtli/ | adv. 恐怕, 不幸的是 | r. by bad luck | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Yes, I see that here. Unfortunately we can’t guarantee a private room and currently they’re all unav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] | /'su:nә/ | n. (美)(非正式)抢先占有土地者, 抢先而获得不正当利益的人 | r. comparatives of `soon' or `early' | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Man, if only you’d gotten here sooner.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Well then we’d be in a lot of trouble, you don’t know where any countries are.  Okay.  Uh, say would* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] | /tәun/ | n. 音调, 音质, 语调, 语气, 色调, 气氛, 状况, 思想状态 | n. the quality of a person's voice | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Okay. Y’know what? I’d have to say I really don’t care for your tone. And this is not the only hospi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Okay. Y’know what? I’d have to say I really don’t care for your tone. And this is not the only hospi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Yeah, guess so. Whew! Check these out!  Never done this before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Hi! Hi, I’m uh Ross. I’m here to ruin this magical day for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] | /'mædʒikәl/ | a. 魔术的, 有魔力的, 不可思议的 | s possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers | 1 | 13 | 11 | *Hi! Hi, I’m uh Ross. I’m here to ruin this magical day for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Hey! Smile!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]] | /bri:ð/ | vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语 | v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs | 1 | 37 | 18 | *Oh. Okay, just breathe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]] | /'mirәkl/ | n. 奇迹, 奇事 | n. any amazing or wonderful occurrence | 1 | 20 | 11 | *Oh wow, three hours and still no baby. Ugh, the miracle of birth sure is a snooze fest.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Yeah but I was just screwing with you to try to get your voice all high and weird like mine is now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] | /in'sist/ | v. 坚持, 坚决主张, 强调 | v. be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge | 1 | 12 | 10 | *I am so sorry. The doctor insisted on closing the curtain for the exam.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]] | /.intә'rʌpt/ | vt. 中断, 妨碍, 插嘴 | n. a signal that temporarily stops the execution of a program so that another pr | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well, if you like you can feel Rachel’s and then feel mine to compare. Mrs. Geller:  Am I interrupti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Okay, what’s up? Mrs. Geller: I brought something that I want to give you, assuming of course that y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Ma, you’re asking me to marry you? Mrs. Geller: This is your grandmother’s engagement ring, I want y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] | /in'geidʒdmәnt/ | n. 诺言, 约会, 婚约, 交战 | n. employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited perio | 1 | 26 | 13 | *Ma, you’re asking me to marry you? Mrs. Geller: This is your grandmother’s engagement ring, I want y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] | /'ɒnistli/ | adv. 真诚地, 公正地 | r. (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the ca | 1 | 11 | 10 | *N-no! Okay? We’ve been through this! We’re not gonna get married just because she’s pregnant, okay? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Hi! Mrs. Geller: Oh hi dear!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drag\|drag]] | /dræg/ | n. 拖, 拖累 | n. the phenomenon of resistance to motion through a fluid | 1 | 17 | 12 | *…she came and dragged me out of the labor room to ask me why I’m not with Rachel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] | /bi'lɒŋ/ | vi. 属于, 合适 | v. be owned by; be in the possession of | 1 | 16 | 16 | *But y’know what? It just seems that you two belong together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *I mean seriously, she’s like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down, but if she hadn’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *I mean seriously, she’s like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down, but if she hadn’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Well they have uh, some unusual pet names for each other. Including umm, evil bitch and uh, sick bas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *Well they have uh, some unusual pet names for each other. Including umm, evil bitch and uh, sick bas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ignore\|ignore]] | /ig'nɒ:/ | vt. 不理睬, 忽视, 驳回, 忽略 | v. refuse to acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Just ignore them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Well maybe I’m ready now. I mean, it’s a little scary, but maybe it’s right.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *We’re trying to get pregnant.  Y’know I’m not really comfortable doing this in front of the babies. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] | /mæθ/ | n. 数学 | n a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity an | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Period math?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *All right, I’ll see you downstairs then.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *Well, it’s a long story. It’s kind of embarrassing. Let’s just say there was a typographical error w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accident\|accident]] | /'æksidәnt/ | n. 意外事件, 机遇, 事故, 次要方面 | n. an unfortunate mishap; especially one causing damage or injury | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Car accident.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *Oh, let me guess some idiot on a cell phone wasn’t paying attention?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *Well umm, if you have sometime y’know and maybe you might want to visit someone else…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Wait! What?! No!! Elevator!! No!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Excuse me? Could you help me with something? The patient I’m looking for has a broken leg and is in * |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit woman we’re losing precious time! Now do you want this man’s blood on your head?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]] | /'preʃәs/ | a. 宝贵的, 珍贵的, 过于精致的, 珍爱的 | s. of high worth or cost | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Damnit woman we’re losing precious time! Now do you want this man’s blood on your head?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *Hands! It is absolutely essential that you tell me what room the man my assistant described is stayi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *Umm, wait! Do you want to set the mood a little?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]] | /'kændl/ | n. 蜡烛 | n. stick of wax with a wick in the middle | 1 | 33 | 22 | *Okay. Uh, we’ll dim the lights, dim the lights.  Or turn them out all together. Uh, no scented candl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Okay. Let’s hurry—Oh wait! Do we have a condom?  Oh right!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] | /'kɒndәm/ | n. 避孕套 | n. contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is w | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Okay. Let’s hurry—Oh wait! Do we have a condom?  Oh right!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biggest\|biggest]] |  | a. 最大的（big的最高级） | a above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent | 1 | 28 | 21 | *But lately all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the biggest jerks* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *But lately all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the biggest jerks* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attract]] | /ә'trækt/ | vt. 吸引, 诱惑 | v. direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physi | 1 | 19 | 13 | *You do attract some stinkers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Oh really? So, 33 and still single, would you say you have commitment issues?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Okay! Okay wait! You listen to me! You listen to me! Since I have been waiting four women, that’s fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somehow\|somehow]] | /'sʌmhau/ | adv. 不知何故 | r. in some unspecified way or manner; or by some unspecified means | 1 | 12 | 11 | *And yet somehow it’s true!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] | /iә/ | n. 耳朵, 倾听, 听觉, 穗 | n. the sense organ for hearing and equilibrium | 1 | 37 | 28 | *Squeeze your legs together and cover the baby’s ears!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Hi! Hi sweetheart! This is my husband Sid, I don’t think you’ve met him. Ross, Rachel, this is Sid. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *So? Congratulations you two, I didn’t even know you got married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Should we tell Rachel there’s an empty private room right next door to hers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]] | /hә:z/ | pron. 她的 | pron. See the Note under Her, pron. | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Should we tell Rachel there’s an empty private room right next door to hers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Look how nervous he gets! We haven’t slept together in years!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *I’d have to say…the talking gorilla, because at least I can explain to him that you’re making me eat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *Oh. Look at you making up crap for me. Oh God!  Dr. Long: Twenty-one hours, you’re a hero.* |

### 低频词（62）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contraction\|contraction]] | /kәn'trækʃәn/ | n. 收缩, 缩写式, 害病 | n. (physiology) a shortening or tensing of a part or organ (especially of a musc | 5 | 13 | 5 | *Ow! Ow! Contraction.  Ow-ow! Ow-ow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#centimeter\|centimeter]] | /'sentimi:tә/ | n. 厘米 | n. a metric unit of length equal to one hundredth of a meter | 5 | 7 | 2 | *Julie’s cervix is dilated a seven centimeters, that’s about four fingers. The doctor let me feel it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dilate\|dilate]] | /dai'leit/ | vi. 扩大, 详述, 膨胀 | v. become wider | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Julie’s cervix is dilated a seven centimeters, that’s about four fingers. The doctor let me feel it * |
| sid | /sid/ | [计] 安全性标识 |  | 4 | 8 | 3 | *Hi! Hi sweetheart! This is my husband Sid, I don’t think you’ve met him. Ross, Rachel, this is Sid. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cliff\|cliff]] | /klif/ | n. 悬崖, 绝壁 | n. a steep high face of rock | 3 | 5 | 3 | *I’m a doctor Cliff, not a mathematician.* |
| jamie |  | n. 杰米（男子名） |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Well, little Jamie here is our third. So, if you have questions or you need anything at all, just ho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cervix\|cervix]] | /'sә:viks/ | n. 器官的颈部, 颈 | n. necklike opening to the uterus | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Julie’s cervix is dilated a seven centimeters, that’s about four fingers. The doctor let me feel it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]] | /nә:s/ | n. 护士, 保姆, 奶妈 | n. one skilled in caring for young children or the sick (usually under the super | 2 | 24 | 9 | *The nurse said they’re bringing in another woman.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dim\|dim]] | /dim/ | a. 暗淡的, 模糊的 | v. switch (a car's headlights) from a higher to a lower beam | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Okay. Uh, we’ll dim the lights, dim the lights.  Or turn them out all together. Uh, no scented candl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neurologist\|neurologist]] | /nju'rɒlәdʒist/ | n. 神经病学者, 神经科医师 | n. a medical specialist in the nervous system and the disorders affecting it | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I know, but I’m a neurologist. And just to be on the safe side, Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensiv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#widower\|widower]] | /'widәuә/ | n. 鳏夫 | n. a man whose wife is dead especially one who has not remarried | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well uh if you must know I’m a widower.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexually\|sexually]] |  | adv. 性别地；两性之间地 | r. with respect to sexuality | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Excellent! Excellent! And uh, finally, are you into any weird stuff y’know, sexually?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sue\|sue]] | /su:/ | vt. 控告, 起诉, 请求 | n. French writer whose novels described the sordid side of city life (1804-1857) | 2 | 11 | 8 | *Okay! Okay wait! You listen to me! You listen to me! Since I have been waiting four women, that’s fo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deaf\|deaf]] | /def/ | a. 聋的 | n. people who have severe hearing impairments | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Oh y’know what? You have to speak very loudly when you’re talking to Sid, because he’s almost comple* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gorilla\|gorilla]] | /gә'rilә/ | n. 大猩猩, 残暴的男人, 歹徒 | n. largest anthropoid ape; terrestrial and vegetarian; of forests of central wes | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Okay I’ve got one for you, if you had too which one would you rather eat, a seeing eye dog or a talk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deprive\|deprive]] | /di'praiv/ | vt. 剥夺, 使丧失 | v. take away possessions from someone | 2 | 4 | 3 | *The doctor says it’s completely normal with all the hormones. Plus, you-you’re sleep deprived.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#isabella\|isabella]] | /,izә'belә/ | n. 伊莎贝拉（女子名） | n. the queen of Castile whose marriage to Ferdinand of Aragon in 1469 marked the | 2 | 7 | 2 | *Wow! Umm, okay uh…everyone…this…is Isabella.  What?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aaron\|aaron]] | /'eәrәn/ | n. 亚伦（男子名）；[圣经]亚伦（摩西之兄, 犹太教的第一祭司长） | n. United States professional baseball player who hit more home runs than Babe R | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Yoo-hoo! Aaron Litman-Neurolic would like to say hello to his future bride.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] | /'tru:li/ | adv. 真实地, 不假 | r. in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Yes, the hard part is truly over.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tunnel\|tunnel]] | /'tʌnl/ | n. 隧道, 地下道 | n. a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one  | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Okay is there…some kind of magic tunnel to this hospital?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unavailable\|unavailable]] | /.ʌnә'veilәbl/ | a. 得不到的, 不能利用的, 无用的 | a. not available or accessible or at hand | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yes, I see that here. Unfortunately we can’t guarantee a private room and currently they’re all unav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marc\|marc]] | /mɑ:k/ | n. 榨渣 | n. made from residue of grapes or apples after pressing | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Marc Coreger, this is my wife Julie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#holler\|holler]] | /'hɒlә/ | vi. 叫喊, 发牢骚, 抱怨 | v. shout out | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, little Jamie here is our third. So, if you have questions or you need anything at all, just ho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nonsense\|nonsense]] | /'nɒnsәns/ | n. 无意义的事, 荒谬言行, 荒唐 | n. a message that seems to convey no meaning | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No nonsense! We’re all in this together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snooze\|snooze]] | /snu:z/ | vi. 小睡, 打盹儿 | v. sleep lightly or for a short period of time | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh wow, three hours and still no baby. Ugh, the miracle of birth sure is a snooze fest.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fest\|fest]] |  | n. 集会；节日 | n. The fist. | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh wow, three hours and still no baby. Ugh, the miracle of birth sure is a snooze fest.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curtain\|curtain]] | /'kә:tәn/ | n. 帐, 幕, 窗帘 | n. hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window) | 1 | 8 | 6 | *I am so sorry. The doctor insisted on closing the curtain for the exam.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exam]] | /ig'zæm/ | n. 考试, 测验 | n a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I am so sorry. The doctor insisted on closing the curtain for the exam.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|hump]] | /hʌmp/ | n. 驼背, 圆形隆起物, 鸵峰 | n something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings | 1 | 12 | 7 | *N-no! Okay? We’ve been through this! We’re not gonna get married just because she’s pregnant, okay? * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gimmie\|gimmie]] | /'^imi:/ | <口>=give me(或give it to me) |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Gimmie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wheel\|wheel]] | /hwi:l/ | n. 轮子, 车轮, 轮, 方向盘, 旋转, 机构, 重要人物 | n. a simple machine consisting of a circular frame with spokes (or a solid disc) | 1 | 16 | 7 | *They’re having their baby! It’s not fair Ross we got here first! Right after you left they wheeled h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juicy\|juicy]] | /'dʒusi/ | a. 多汁液的, 生动的, 多水分的 | a. full of juice | 1 | 5 | 5 | *They’re having their baby! It’s not fair Ross we got here first! Right after you left they wheeled h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crown\|crown]] | /kraun/ | n. 王冠, 王权, 顶点 | n. the Crown (or the reigning monarch) as the symbol of the power and authority  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *They’re having their baby! It’s not fair Ross we got here first! Right after you left they wheeled h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] | /.ʌn'ju:ʒu:l/ | a. 不寻常的, 罕见的, 与众不同的 | a. not usual or common or ordinary | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well they have uh, some unusual pet names for each other. Including umm, evil bitch and uh, sick bas* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buster\|buster]] | /'bʌstә/ | n. 庞然大物, 非凡的人, 闹饮, 驯马人, 小家伙, 小鬼, 炸弹, 巨型炸弹 | n. a robust child | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh down please.  I-I hate to be a ball buster can I just do it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#typographical\|typographical]] | /,taipә'^ræfikәl/ | a. 印刷上的, 活版印刷的 | a relating to or occurring or used in typography | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, it’s a long story. It’s kind of embarrassing. Let’s just say there was a typographical error w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wheelchair\|wheelchair]] | /'hwi:l.tʃєә/ | n. 轮椅 | n. a movable chair mounted on large wheels; for invalids or those who cannot wal | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Excuse me? Could you help me with something? The patient I’m looking for has a broken leg and is in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#restrict\|restrict]] | /ri'strikt/ | vt. 限制, 限定, 约束 | v. place restrictions on | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m sorry, that information is restricted to hospital staff…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#portuguese\|portuguese]] | /.pɒ:tju'gi:z/ | n. 葡萄牙人, 葡萄牙语 | n. the Romance language spoken in Portugal and Brazil | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Remoray. It’s Portuguese. We need that information; I’m a doctor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scent\|scent]] | /sent/ | n. 气味, 香味, 香水, 踪迹, 痕迹, 线索, 嗅觉 | n. an odor left in passing by which a person or animal can be traced | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay. Uh, we’ll dim the lights, dim the lights.  Or turn them out all together. Uh, no scented candl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sterile\|sterile]] | /'sterail/ | a. 不毛的, 不孕的, 无菌的, 贫瘠的, 无效的, 枯燥的 | a. incapable of reproducing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay! Okay! Make me sterile, but okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stinker\|stinker]] | /'stiŋkә/ | n. 发恶臭之人, 臭鬼 | n. anything that gives off an offensive odor (especially a cheap cigar) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You do attract some stinkers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seventeen\|seventeen]] | /sevn'ti:n/ | num. 十七, 十七个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of sixteen and one | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Dr. Long, I’ve been at this for seventeen hours! Three women have come and gone with their babies, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slowly\|slowly]] | /'slәuli/ | adv. 慢慢地, 迟缓地 | r. without speed (`slow' is sometimes used informally for `slowly') | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Just three?! I’m dilated three! Dr. Long: We are moving along, just slowly.  Don’t worry, you’re doi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#metric\|metric]] | /'metrik/ | a. 公尺的, 公制的, 计量的 | a. based on the meter as a standard of measurement | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh stupid metric system!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#routine\|routine]] | /ru:'ti:n/ | n. 常规, 日常工作, 惯例, 例行公事 | n. an unvarying or habitual method or procedure | 1 | 9 | 4 | *Hi! I’m Dr. Drake Remoray and I have a few routine questions I need to ask you.* |
| clifford | /'klifәd/ | n. 克利福德（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Clifford Burnett.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burnett\|burnett]] | /bә(:)'net, 'bә:nit/ | n. 伯内特（姓氏） | n. United States writer (born in England) remembered for her novels for children | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Clifford Burnett.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mathematician\|mathematician]] | /.mæθәmә'tiʃәn/ | n. 数学家 | n. a person skilled in mathematics | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m a doctor Cliff, not a mathematician.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nab\|nab]] | /næb/ | vt. 捉住, 逮捕, 抢夺 | v. tag the base runner to get him out | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi! Hi sweetheart! This is my husband Sid, I don’t think you’ve met him. Ross, Rachel, this is Sid. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dermatologist\|dermatologist]] | /.dә:mә'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 皮肤学者, 皮肤科医生 | n. a doctor who specializes in the physiology and pathology of the skin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi! Hi sweetheart! This is my husband Sid, I don’t think you’ve met him. Ross, Rachel, this is Sid. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#acne\|acne]] | /'ækni/ | n. 痤疮, 粉刺 | n. an inflammatory disease involving the sebaceous glands of the skin; character | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi! Hi sweetheart! This is my husband Sid, I don’t think you’ve met him. Ross, Rachel, this is Sid. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luckiest\|luckiest]] |  | 幸运的（lucky的最高级） | s occurring by chance | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I still can’t believe it! I’m the luckiest guy in the world!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loudly\|loudly]] | /'laudli/ | adv. 高声地, 大声地, 吵闹地 | r. with relatively high volume | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh y’know what? You have to speak very loudly when you’re talking to Sid, because he’s almost comple* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fertilize\|fertilize]] | /'fә:tilaiz/ | vt. 施肥, 使丰饶, 使受精 | v. provide with fertilizers or add nutrients to | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay mister! Fertilize me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bernard\|bernard]] | /bә:'nɑ:d, 'bә:nәd/ | n. 伯纳德（男子名） | n. French physiologist noted for research on secretions of the alimentary canal  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh not bad. Do you know that feeling when you’re trying to blow a Saint Bernard out your ass?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weirdest\|weirdest]] |  | 怪异的 | s suggesting the operation of supernatural influences | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Weirdest thing. Did I hear——Mother of God it’s true!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pelvis\|pelvis]] | /'pelvis/ | n. 骨盆 | n. the structure of the vertebrate skeleton supporting the lower limbs in humans | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, this should be easy. I have a very wide pelvis. You remember Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unwitting\|unwitting]] | /.ʌn'witiŋ/ | a. 不知情的, 没有意识到的, 不知不觉的 | a. not aware or knowing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Janice I didn’t even know you were pregnant! Who’s the unwitting human who’s essence you’ve stolen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#essence\|essence]] | /'esns/ | n. 实质, 本质, 香精 | n. any substance possessing to a high degree the predominant properties of a pla | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Janice I didn’t even know you were pregnant! Who’s the unwitting human who’s essence you’ve stolen?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#itch\|itch]] | /itʃ/ | n. 痒, 渴望, 疥疮 | n. an irritating cutaneous sensation that produces a desire to scratch | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, I’m sorry. It’s just my foot itches like crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fork\|fork]] | /fɒ:k/ | n. 叉子, 叉状物, 分岔 | n. cutlery used for serving and eating food | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Relax, it’s not like we’re forking.* |
