---
season: 8
episode: "03"
title: "The One Where Rachel Tells..."
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S08E03 — The One Where Rachel Tells...

*Written by: Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen Plummer*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are getting ready to go on their honeymoon. Monica is entering from the bedroom.

**Chandler:** Hey! Babe! Aren’t you excited we’re going on our [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]]?

**Monica:** Yeah I am!

**Chandler:** *(singing)* Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]]…

**Monica:** That’s right. Get it out of your system while we’re alone.

**Joey:** *(entering with Phoebe)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Have a great [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]]!

**Chandler:** I’d better go pack.

**Monica:** Oh no, I already packed. The only thing I couldn’t find though was your Speedo.

*(Joey looks at him, Phoebe tries not to smile, and Chandler is shocked.)*

**Chandler:** A Speedo? Uh, I don’t have a Speedo. I’m gonna go pack my regular long [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bathing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]]. *(Goes into the bedroom.)*

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Oh good you’re still here!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Rachel:** I want to tell you to have a good [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]]! *(Hugs Monica.)*

**Monica:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** And I also wanted you guys to know that I am telling the father today.

*(They all look at her expectantly) What? What? What?*

*(Pause.)*

**Joey:** We know its Ross!

**Rachel:** How?! How do you know?

**Phoebe:** It was his [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]], but—Oh my God!

**Rachel:** Oh, I so wanted Ross to know first, but I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#relieve\|relieved]] you guys know.

**Monica:** This is so great! And I’m gonna be your baby’s [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]]!

**Rachel:** I know! *(They hug.)*

**Phoebe:** Me too! *(Joins the hug.)*

**Joey:** I’m gonna be an [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]]! Come here! *(He joins the hug.)*

**Rachel:** *(breaking the hug)* You’re all gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunts]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncles]].

**Monica:** Yeah, but I’m the only one related by blood.

**Rachel:** Okay. Great! So now that you guys all know you can help me. Give me some advice on how I’m gonna tell Ross!

**Monica:** Well, what were you gonna say?

**Rachel:** Well I was gonna tell him that I’m-I’m gonna have the baby and he can be as [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]] as he wants.

**Joey:** Well that, that sounds good.

**Rachel:** Yeah but how do I start? I mean, what’s-what’s the first thing that I say? *(They all pause to think.)* Okay great! Thanks. *(She starts to leave.)*

**Monica:** Hey! Good luck!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, bye.

**Joey:** Bye.

*(Rachel exits.)*

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey, what was that all about?

**Monica:** Well I guess there is no [[Friends-词汇总表#harm\|harm]] in telling you now, Rachel and Ross are gonna have a baby.

**Chandler:** *(in a high pitched voice)* What?! I didn’t even know that—Why didn’t you tell me?! *(Pause)* Why am I talking like this?!

**Monica:** I didn’t think you could keep it a [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]].

**Chandler:** *(in the high pitched voice)* What?! *(Normal voice)* I am an excellent [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] [[Friends-词汇总表#keeper\|keeper]]. I have kept all of our secrets.

**Joey:** What [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secrets]]?

**Chandler:** Oh no-no Joey, I am not going to tell you because I am an excellent [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] [[Friends-词汇总表#keeper\|keeper]].

*(The girls walk away.)*

**Joey:** *(whispering to Chandler)* You’ll tell me later?

**Chandler:** You already know.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Phoebe are entering.

**Phoebe:** Oh, it's so [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] to send people off on their [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]].

**Joey:** Y’know, Monica and Chandler are married. Ross and Rachel are having a baby. Maybe you and I should do something.

**Phoebe:** All in good time my love. All in good time. Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]]! I left my guitar in their apartment. Well you can let me in later.

**Joey:** I don’t have a key, they took mine to give to you.

**Phoebe:** What?! They took mine to give to you!

**Joey:** Why would they take away our keys?

**Phoebe:** Maybe they don’t trust us.

**Joey:** No that’s not it. They let me keep my key the last time they were out of town.

**Phoebe:** You mean the time you broke the [[Friends-词汇总表#ketchup\|ketchup]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] and cleaned it up with Monica’s guest [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towels]]?

**Joey:** Hey, I [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|washed]] those!

**Phoebe:** No you didn’t.

**Joey:** Yeah that didn’t sound like me.

**Phoebe:** Well, what am I gonna do? I really need my guitar!

**Joey:** Yeah, I have stuff in there too.

**Phoebe:** What stuff?

**Joey:** Monica’s [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] parm! I’ll take care of it. *(He picks up the phone)* Hey Mr. Treeger, it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need to get into Monica and Chandler’s apartment. It’s an emergency. *(Listens)* Uhh, gas [[Friends-词汇总表#leak\|leak]]! Yeah oh, and bring [[Friends-词汇总表#garlic\|garlic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bread\|bread]]. *(Hangs up.)*

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Did Rachel find you?

**Ross:** No why?

**Phoebe:** Oh she was looking for you.

**Ross:** Oh well, I guess I’ll catch up with her later.

**Phoebe:** Well, she really wanted to talk to you now.

**Joey:** Yeah, it seemed pretty important.

**Ross:** Oh no.

**Phoebe:** What?

**Ross:** I think I might know what this is about.

*(Phoebe and Joey trade looks)*

**Joey:** Really?

**Ross:** Yeah. Uh, uh we promised we weren’t gonna tell anybody this but uh, about a month ago Rachel and I slept together.

**Phoebe:** *(deadpan)* And?

**Ross:** Wow! I thought you would be a little more [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shocked]].

**Phoebe:** Oh sorry. *(Shocked)* And?!

**Ross:** Well, we-we said we’d just do it that one time but, but now I think she may wanna start things up again.

**Joey:** Yeah, I don’t think that’s what it is.

**Ross:** Why? What-what else could it be?

**Joey:** Oh wow, I don’t feel well.

**Ross:** I’m telling you. I’m telling you. That’s what it is. No wonder she was looking at me all funny during the wedding. She didn’t say anything to you?

**Phoebe:** *(To Joey)* Maybe it’s something you ate?

**Joey:** Please, just-just, just go and talk to Rachel.

**Ross:** Yeah, I guess I should. *(Starts to leave.)* Man, y’know what I have to realize? Maybe I’m just not the type of guy women can have just one night with. Y’know, they-they always seem to want a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] more. I should remember that. *(He pauses and then exits.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Airport Ticket Counter, Monica and Chandler are standing in line behind another couple kissing who are next in line to be served.

**Ticket Agent:** Next?

*(The kissing couple doesn’t move.)*

**Monica:** They’re kissing let’s just go around them.

**Chandler:** Oh honey, leave them alone, they’re in love.

**Monica:** I’m in love too! But in an [[Friends-词汇总表#orderly\|orderly]] fashion.

**Ticket Agent:** Next?

**Monica:** *(to the couple)* Hi! Can you do that and walk? ‘Cause she said, "Next."

*(The couple moves up to the counter.)*

**Woman:** Sorry. We didn’t hear you; we’re on our [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]].

**Ticket Agent:** Oh, let me see what I can do. *(Checks the computer)* There are some first class seats available.

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* Did you hear that?! They [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bumped]] them up to first class because they are on their [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]]! Come on! Let’s act like we’re on our honeymoon.

**Chandler:** We are on our [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]].

**Monica:** Grab my ass!

**Ticket Agent:** Next?

*(They go up to the counter.)*

**Monica:** Hi, sorry. I almost didn’t hear you, because y’know I’m just so in love with my new [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]]. We’re on our [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]].

**Ticket Agent:** Congratulations. Okay, Mr. Bing you’ll be in 25J and Mrs. Bing you’ll be in 25K.

**Monica:** Oh no, you see we’re on our [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]]. So umm, can you do your little thing and [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] us up to first class?

**Ticket Agent:** I’m sorry, all our first class seats are taken. That couple got the last two.

**Monica:** You see, if we’d gone around them like I said, we—She would’ve given us those [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]. Damnit!

**Chandler:** 25J and K, any chance those [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t together?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Phoebe and Joey are playing Rock ‘em, Sock ‘em Robots.

**Joey:** I still can’t believe they took away my key. You trust me with yours.

**Phoebe:** Of course I do! And I’m gonna give it back to you as soon as they’re done with it at the key [[Friends-词汇总表#shin\|shining]] place.

*(They hear a knocking sound coming from the hallway and go to investigate.)*

**Joey:** What the hell is that?

*(They go into the hallway and see Mr. Treeger watching one of New York’s bravest breakdown Monica and Chandler’s door with an ax.]*

**Joey:** Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Treeger, what are you doing? Mr. Treeger: You said there was a gas [[Friends-词汇总表#leak\|leak]] in here.

**Phoebe:** Well why don’t you use your key? Mr. Treeger: Because by the time I find it on this thing *(Holds up a huge key ring with a thousand keys on it)*, the whole place might have [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|exploded]]. If that happens at another building that I manage, people are gonna start asking questions. *(To the fireman)* Come on! Hurry up.

*(With a final swing the door gives way.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh! We could have done that.


> [!scene] Scene: The Airport, Chandler and Monica are following the previous couple through a tiny hallway that proves this is a set on a sound stage and not an actual airport, and see them enter the first class lounge.

**Monica:** Look at that! Look at that! They’re going into the first class [[Friends-词汇总表#lounge\|lounge]]! Do you know what they have in there?

**Chandler:** No.

**Monica:** Me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]]! We have to get in! *(She runs through the door with Chandler in tow.)*

**Chandler:** Just act like you [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]].

**Monica:** Oh my God! Oranges!

**Chandler:** Shh! *(To the guy behind the counter)* Nice to see you again. *(They tries to walk past him.)*

**Airline Employee:** Uh sir, may I see your tickets please?

**Chandler:** Yes, of course. *(Shows him the tickets.)*

**Airline Employee:** I’m sorry, would you move your thumb? I can’t see the seat number.

**Chandler:** Oh that’s all right, I have it [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorized]]. It’s 1A.

**Airline Employee:** *(grabbing the ticket from him)* Sir, this is not a first class ticket. I’m sorry.

**Chandler:** Apology accepted. Excuse us. *(They try to enter again.)*

**Airline Employee:** Sir! I’m afraid I’m gonna have to ask you to leave.

**Monica:** Fine. *(Starts to walk away then she runs over and grabs an orange before she exits.)* Go! Go! Go!


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway Outside Ross’s Apartment, Ross is walking towards his apartment and sees Rachel sitting in front of the door.

**Rachel:** *(seeing him)* Hi!

**Ross:** Hi.

**Rachel:** Hi. *(He helps her up.)* Umm, I think there’s something that we really need to talk about.

**Ross:** *(quietly confident)* I think we do. Why don’t we go inside? *(They go inside.)* Look uh, I know why you’re here.

**Rachel:** You do?

**Ross:** Yeah, and to save you from any [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrassment\|embarrassment]] umm, I think maybe I should talk first.

**Rachel:** *(warily)* Okay.

**Ross:** Okay. *(He sits her down in a chair.)* Uh, Ross and Rachel. Rachel and Ross. That’s been one [[Friends-词汇总表#heck\|heck]] of a see-saw hasn’t it?

**Rachel:** *(confused)* What?

**Ross:** I mean look, that-that one night we had was fun and…and [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#passionate\|passionate]], but don’t you think it’s better if we just stayed friends?

**Rachel:** Seriously. What?!

**Ross:** Okay. Okay. Y’know what? If you want to, we can do it one more time. I mean I’d-I’d be okay with that. In fact, I have some time right now.

**Rachel:** Okay, y’know what? Can I, can I talk now?

**Ross:** Oh sure. *(He sits on the apothecary table and touches her hand.)*

**Rachel:** *(touches his knee)* I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]. *(Ross stops.)* Ross? *(Ross is staring off into space.)* Ross? *(Ross is still frozen)* Okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] you’re ready.

*(Sits back and opens her magazine.) And you’re the father by the way—but you got that…*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's Apartment, continued from earlier.

**Rachel:** *(closes her magazine)* Can I get you some water?

**Ross:** I’m good. I’m good.

**Rachel:** Ross, there is no pressure on you. Okay? I mean you can as [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]] as you want. *(Ross nods.)*

**Ross:** Yeah, I need uh… I’m just—I don’t know—I don’t understand, umm, how this happened? We-we used a [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]].

**Rachel:** I know. I know, but y’know [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condoms]] only work like 97% of the time.

**Ross:** What? What? What?!! Well they should put that on the box!!!

**Rachel:** They do!

**Ross:** No they don’t!!! *(He runs to the bedroom to check and returns with his box of condoms.)* Well they should put it in huge black letters!!!!

**Rachel:** Okay Ross come on let’s just forget about the [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condoms]].

**Ross:** Oh well I may as well have!

**Rachel:** Listen, y’know what? I was really freaked out too when I found out…

**Ross:** Freaked out? Hey no, I’m not freaked out! I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#indignant\|indignant]]! As a consumer!

**Rachel:** Y’know what? Let’s, let’s talk later.

**Ross:** No! No! I want to talk now! Okay? I—In fact, *(picks up the phone)* I am going to talk to the president of the [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] company!

**Rachel:** Okay, y’know maybe I should come back… *(Starts to leave.)*

**Ross:** *(grabs her)* Shh! Shh! Shh!

**Rachel:** *(stops)* Okay.

**Ross:** *(on phone)* Yeah I’ll press 1! *(Presses one which allows Rachel to escape.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Mr. Treeger has finished inspecting Monica and Chandler’s apartment.] Mr. Treeger: I’ve looked everywhere. There’s no gas leak.

**Joey:** *(eating)* Huh. So then I can heat this up? *(Goes and does so.)* Mr. Treeger: Anyway uh, I’ll get moving on that new door.

**Phoebe:** Oh great! And listen, could you do us a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] and not tell Chandler and Monica about this? ‘Cause y’know umm, they don’t-they don’t have any kids of their own and-and this door was like a child to them. Mr. Treeger: Well I’m gonna have to put on a new [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]], they’ll find out anyway.

**Phoebe:** Oh no. Mr. Treeger: *(measures the top of the doorframe)* Whoa! This looks like an all day job, I’ll have to [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#yoga\|yoga]] class. *(Ross walks up.)* Hey Ross!

**Ross:** Hi. Mr. Treeger: Could you tell Jasmine that I won't make it to [[Friends-词汇总表#yoga\|yoga]] class today?

**Ross:** Sure. Mr. Treeger: Namaste. *(Bows.)*

**Ross:** Namaste. *(Bows.)*

*(Treeger leaves and Ross notices the door.)*

**Ross:** Oh my God! What happened to the door?!

**Joey:** So it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#noticeable\|noticeable]] huh?

**Ross:** Look, is Rachel here? I really need to talk to her.

**Phoebe:** Didn’t you two already talk?

**Ross:** Yeah but uh… Okay, okay look you guys know that Rachel and I slept together, but there’s something else. *(Pause)* Rachel’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Joey:** *(simultaneously)* Oh my God!!! I can’t believe that!!

**Phoebe:** *(simultaneously)* Holy mother of God!!!

**Ross:** With my child.

**Phoebe:** That is brand new information!!

**Ross:** You already know don’t you?

**Phoebe:** A little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]].

**Joey:** How are you doing?

**Ross:** Okay. Okay. I mean I’ll be okay. It’s just I don’t think I handled it very well.

**Joey:** Well, what did you say to her?

**Ross:** Nothing. But the [[Friends-词汇总表#complaint\|complaint]] department at the [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] company got an [[Friends-词汇总表#earful\|earful]]. And then when I turned around she was gone.

**Phoebe:** Oh Ross.

**Ross:** But hey, in my defense I-I just found out [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condoms]] are like only 97% effective.

**Joey:** *(shocked)* What?

**Ross:** I gotta go find her.

**Joey:** Whoa! Hey! Whoa!! Hold up! Are you serious?! So like 3% of the time they don’t even work?! Huh? They should put that on the box!

**Ross:** Evidently they do.

**Joey:** What?! *(Grabs his condoms from his pocket and looks.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Atlantis Resort, Chandler and Monica are arriving to check in, but are behind the couple from before again.

**Monica:** I can’t believe we’re here.

**Chandler:** Oh you’ve got to be kidding me.

**Monica:** What? *(Monica sees the first couple and gasps.)*

**Front Desk Clerk:** As a wedding gift to you, the hotel would like to give you the honeymoon suite.

**Monica:** No!! You have been [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwing]] us all day!

**Man:** Who are you?

**Chandler:** We’re you just ten seconds later!

**Monica:** Yeah! You already got the first class [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]; you got the [[Friends-词汇总表#lounge\|lounge]]! I mean we should get free stuff too! I mean you’re not the only ones on your [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]]!

**Woman:** Well you can have the suite if you want. We don’t care about where we stay. We’re here to [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] our love together. We don’t have to get free stuff. We just want to be together.

**Chandler:** *(looks at Monica then at them)* We need the stuff.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Joey is on the phone and Phoebe is watching him.

**Joey:** Hey Monica it’s Joey. Listen uh, Phoebe and I smell gas [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]]’ from your apartment.

**Monica:** What? Are you serious?! *(To Chandler)* Joey smells gas!

**Chandler:** What else is new?

**Joey:** Yeah and we’d go check it out, but you took away our keys.

**Monica:** Well do something! Get in there!

**Joey:** How? I guess I could break down your door.

**Monica:** Yeah! Do that!

**Joey:** And-and you won’t [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] us for any damage? *(Gives Phoebe a thumbs up.)*

**Monica:** No! *(Pause)* Are you doing it?! I don’t hear anything! Come on!

**Joey:** Uh, okay I’ll-I’ll-I’ll break it down. *(He hands the phone to Phoebe, gets up, picks up a chair, and starts banging it on the floor.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh hey hi, he’s doing it. He’s breaking down the door. *(The chair breaks in half.)* Okay, we’re in. *(She hangs up the phone.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A doctor’s office, Rachel is on an examining table with her legs in the stirrups.

**Nurse:** Okay Rachel, are you [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]]?

**Rachel:** *(sighs)* If I said I was, would you [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] me?

**Nurse:** The doctor will be here in a minute to do your [[Friends-词汇总表#sonogram\|sonogram]].

**Rachel:** Okay. *(The nurse exits.)* Oh man, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] if they sold these at Pottery Barn…

*(There’s a knock on the door and Ross enters.)*

**Ross:** Hi!

**Rachel:** *(shocked)* Hi!

**Ross:** Uh we-we need to talk.

**Rachel:** Uh-uh-uh, right now? Because I’ve kinda got an el [[Friends-词汇总表#fresco\|fresco]] situation going on over here.

**Ross:** Please, please I want to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] for the way I acted earlier today.

**Rachel:** Okay Ross that’s fine, but can you please stand near my head?

**Ross:** What? Oh yeah. *(He moves next to her head.)* I’m sorry. I mean I-I think I went a little crazy. I mean I was thinking about myself when I *(Wanders towards Rachel’s feet)* really—I should have been thinking about you Rach…

**Rachel:** Okay. Head Ross! Head Ross! Head Ross!

**Ross:** Right! Right! I just—I want you to know that I’m going to be there through this whole thing, okay? Okay? The doctor’s [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointments]], the uh, the Lamaze classes, uh baby-[[Friends-词汇总表#proof\|proofing]] the apartment—Although we could probably worry about that ‘[[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] after we get married.

**Rachel:** What married?

**Ross:** Well yeah, I think we should get married.

**Rachel:** What, because that’s your answer to everything?

**Ross:** No, because that’s the right thing to do.

**Rachel:** Yeah, maybe if you’re in love. But Ross, we are not in love, are we?

**Ross:** No but…but still you can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] do this alone.

**Rachel:** Excuse me?

**Ross:** Come on Rach, you can’t even eat alone in a restaurant.

**Rachel:** What?!

**Ross:** I’m just saying if you can’t eat by yourself, how do you expect to have a baby by yourself?

**Rachel:** I can too eat by myself!

**Ross:** When have you ever?

**Rachel:** When certain people leave the table and I am not finished!

**Ross:** Well certain other people take two hours to eat a [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]]!

**Rachel:** Oh please, you [[Friends-词汇总表#inhale\|inhale]] your food!

**Ross:** I grew up with Monica! If you didn’t eat fast you didn’t eat!! Dr. Long: *(entering)* Am I [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupting]]?

**Rachel:** Oh no Dr. Long, please come in. This is Ross, he is the father.

**Ross:** But not the [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]], because [[Friends-词汇总表#evidently\|evidently]] she can do this alone. Dr. Long: Huh. Nice to meet you. I’ll get started on this.

**Ross:** *(To Rachel, standing by her feet)* I don’t know why you can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] that you need me.

**Rachel:** I do need you! I need you to stand near my head! Dr. Long: Okay, everything looks good. Here it is on the screen. *(We see Ross and Rachel looking at the screen.)* Here is your [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]]. And right here is your baby.

**Ross:** Oh my God.

**Rachel:** Wow. There it is, I see it. Dr. Long: Congratulations. I’ll give you two a minute.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Ross:** Thank you.

*(Dr. Long exits and Rachel starts to cry.)*

**Ross:** Pretty amazing huh?

**Rachel:** I don’t see it!

**Ross:** What? What?!

**Rachel:** I can’t see it!

**Ross:** You-you just said that you did!

**Rachel:** I know, I lied! I didn’t want her to think I was a terrible mother! I can’t even see my own baby!

**Ross:** Oh sure, come here! *(Sits her up)* Sure you can! Uh, look come here look,

*(rolls the machine closer) it’s-it’s-it’s, it’s right there (Points).*

**Rachel:** Oh. Oh, it’s beautiful. I see it now.

**Ross:** Do you really?

**Rachel:** No, I don’t see it!

**Ross:** Come on! Come on! Here, okay-okay, you see this? *(Points)* This [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] thing that looks like a [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]]?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Sweetie that’s it.

**Rachel:** That’s it? Well I saw that! Ohh-ohh-oh, thank you.

**Ross:** You’re welcome.

**Rachel:** Wow! I can’t believe that’s our baby.

**Ross:** Yeah, that’s our baby.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Phoebe are there as Rachel and Ross return from the doctor’s appointment.

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey! So how was the doctor?

**Rachel:** Oh, everything went great.

**Phoebe:** Good.

**Ross:** Oh hey, show them the picture of your [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]].

*(She does so.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Joey:** I don’t see the baby. Where is it?

**Rachel:** Oh no, I know I couldn’t see it either at first, but it’s right umm… *(Starts to cry)* Ross, I lost it again.

**Ross:** Oh. (He takes the picture and [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hugs]] her.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（34）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 6 | 228 | 137 | *Come on Rach, you can’t even eat alone in a restaurant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 4 | 442 | 191 | *Well I guess there is no harm in telling you now, Rachel and Ross are gonna have a baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 4 | 422 | 131 | *Y’know, Monica and Chandler are married. Ross and Rachel are having a baby. Maybe you and I should d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 4 | 254 | 104 | *All in good time my love. All in good time. Oh shoot! I left my guitar in their apartment. Well you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 3 | 99 | 81 | *Listen, y’know what? I was really freaked out too when I found out…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Yeah, bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *I don’t have a key, they took mine to give to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Yeah. Uh, uh we promised we weren’t gonna tell anybody this but uh, about a month ago Rachel and I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Apology accepted. Excuse us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Yeah, I need uh… I’m just—I don’t know—I don’t understand, umm, how this happened? We-we used a cond* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Huh. So then I can heat this up?  Mr. Treeger: Anyway uh, I’ll get moving on that new door.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Hey! Babe! Aren’t you excited we’re going on our honeymoon?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Hey! Good luck!* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it.  Hey Mr. Treeger, it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need t* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it.  Hey Mr. Treeger, it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Oh well, I guess I’ll catch up with her later.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Yeah. Uh, uh we promised we weren’t gonna tell anybody this but uh, about a month ago Rachel and I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *I’m telling you. I’m telling you. That’s what it is. No wonder she was looking at me all funny durin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Yeah, I guess I should.  Man, y’know what I have to realize? Maybe I’m just not the type of guy wome* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *They’re kissing let’s just go around them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Grab my ass!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *I still can’t believe they took away my key. You trust me with yours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell is that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously. What?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Okay Ross come on let’s just forget about the condoms.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Oh you’ve got to be kidding me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Hey Monica it’s Joey. Listen uh, Phoebe and I smell gas comin’ from your apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *What? Oh yeah.  I’m sorry. I mean I-I think I went a little crazy. I mean I was thinking about mysel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Right! Right! I just—I want you to know that I’m going to be there through this whole thing, okay? O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *When certain people leave the table and I am not finished!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *I grew up with Monica! If you didn’t eat fast you didn’t eat!! Dr. Long:  Am I interrupting?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Pretty amazing huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *I know, I lied! I didn’t want her to think I was a terrible mother! I can’t even see my own baby!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *I know, I lied! I didn’t want her to think I was a terrible mother! I can’t even see my own baby!* |

### 常用词（53）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]] | /'hʌnimu:n/ | n. 蜜月, 蜜月假期 | n. a holiday taken by a newly married couple | 11 | 32 | 14 | *Hey! Babe! Aren’t you excited we’re going on our honeymoon?* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 4 | 31 | 25 | *Shh!  Nice to see you again.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 3 | 68 | 39 | *I didn’t think you could keep it a secret.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] | /'kɒndәm/ | n. 避孕套 | n. contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is w | 3 | 18 | 13 | *Yeah, I need uh… I’m just—I don’t know—I don’t understand, umm, how this happened? We-we used a cond* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *Hey! Babe! Aren’t you excited we’re going on our honeymoon?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 2 | 68 | 42 | *Hi, sorry. I almost didn’t hear you, because y’know I’m just so in love with my new husband. We’re o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 2 | 118 | 49 | *I’m pregnant.  Ross?  Ross?  Okay, whenever you’re ready.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]] | /'ju:tәrәs/ | n. 子宫 | n. a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the develop | 2 | 15 | 11 | *I do need you! I need you to stand near my head! Dr. Long: Okay, everything looks good. Here it is o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babe\|babe]] | /beib/ | n. 小孩, 天真幼稚的人 | n a very young child (birth to 1 year) who has not yet begun to walk or talk | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Hey! Babe! Aren’t you excited we’re going on our honeymoon?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1 | 37 | 22 | *A Speedo? Uh, I don’t have a Speedo. I’m gonna go pack my regular long bathing suit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 1 | 34 | 22 | *A Speedo? Uh, I don’t have a Speedo. I’m gonna go pack my regular long bathing suit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *It was his sweater, but—Oh my God!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 1 | 60 | 37 | *This is so great! And I’m gonna be your baby’s aunt!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *I’m gonna be an uncle! Come here!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Oh, it's so romantic to send people off on their honeymoon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *All in good time my love. All in good time. Oh shoot! I left my guitar in their apartment. Well you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *You mean the time you broke the ketchup bottle and cleaned it up with Monica’s guest towels?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] | /'tauәl/ | n. 手巾, 毛巾 | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping | 1 | 19 | 18 | *You mean the time you broke the ketchup bottle and cleaned it up with Monica’s guest towels?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Hey, I washed those!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it.  Hey Mr. Treeger, it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bread\|bread]] | /bred/ | n. 面包, 生计, 食物 | n. food made from dough of flour or meal and usually raised with yeast or baking | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it.  Hey Mr. Treeger, it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shock]] | /ʃɒk/ | n. 震动, 冲突, 震惊, 冲击, 突击, 禾束堆, 休克, 长毛狗 | n. the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Wow! I thought you would be a little more shocked.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Did you hear that?! They bumped them up to first class because they are on their honeymoon! Come on!* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *You see, if we’d gone around them like I said, we—She would’ve given us those tickets. Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Well why don’t you use your key? Mr. Treeger: Because by the time I find it on this thing , the whol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Me neither! We have to get in!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] | /bi'lɒŋ/ | vi. 属于, 合适 | v. be owned by; be in the possession of | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Just act like you belong.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorize]] | /'memәraiz/ | vt. 记住, 熟记, 背熟 | v. commit to memory; learn by heart | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Oh that’s all right, I have it memorized. It’s 1A.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒi/ | n. 道歉, 辩护 | n. an expression of regret at having caused trouble for someone | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Apology accepted. Excuse us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 1 | 31 | 24 | *I mean look, that-that one night we had was fun and…and certainly passionate, but don’t you think it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *I’m pregnant.  Ross?  Ross?  Okay, whenever you’re ready.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Oh great! And listen, could you do us a favor and not tell Chandler and Monica about this? ‘Cause y’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Oh great! And listen, could you do us a favor and not tell Chandler and Monica about this? ‘Cause y’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Oh no. Mr. Treeger:  Whoa! This looks like an all day job, I’ll have to cancel my yoga class.  Hey R* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *No!! You have been screwing us all day!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *Well you can have the suite if you want. We don’t care about where we stay. We’re here to celebrate * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]] |  | n. (Comin)人名；(西、意)科明；(法)科曼 |  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Hey Monica it’s Joey. Listen uh, Phoebe and I smell gas comin’ from your apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *And-and you won’t blame us for any damage?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *Okay Rachel, are you comfortable?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *If I said I was, would you judge me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Okay.  Oh man, I swear if they sold these at Pottery Barn…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉, 辩解 | v. acknowledge faults or shortcomings or failing | 1 | 40 | 29 | *Please, please I want to apologize for the way I acted earlier today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Right! Right! I just—I want you to know that I’m going to be there through this whole thing, okay? O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#til\|til]] | /til/ | n. 芝麻 | prep. & conj. See Till. | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Right! Right! I just—I want you to know that I’m going to be there through this whole thing, okay? O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] | /'pɒsәbli/ | adv. 可能, 也许 | r. by chance | 1 | 17 | 15 | *No but…but still you can’t possibly do this alone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 1 | 24 | 21 | *Well certain other people take two hours to eat a bowl of soup!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] | /su:p/ | n. 汤, 马力 | n. liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pi | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Well certain other people take two hours to eat a bowl of soup!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]] | /.intә'rʌpt/ | vt. 中断, 妨碍, 插嘴 | n. a signal that temporarily stops the execution of a program so that another pr | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I grew up with Monica! If you didn’t eat fast you didn’t eat!! Dr. Long:  Am I interrupting?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *I don’t know why you can’t admit that you need me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Wow. There it is, I see it. Dr. Long: Congratulations. I’ll give you two a minute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *Come on! Come on! Here, okay-okay, you see this?  This tiny thing that looks like a peanut?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] | /'pi:nʌt/ | n. 花生, 小人物, 极小的数额 | n. underground pod of the peanut vine | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Come on! Come on! Here, okay-okay, you see this?  This tiny thing that looks like a peanut?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Oh. (He takes the picture and hugs her.* |

### 低频词（31）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speedo\|speedo]] |  | n. 示速器, 里程计, 速度计 |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh no, I already packed. The only thing I couldn’t find though was your Speedo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#keeper\|keeper]] | /'ki:pә/ | n. 监护人, 管理人, 看守人 | n. someone in charge of other people | 2 | 5 | 4 | *What?!  I am an excellent secret keeper. I have kept all of our secrets.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leak\|leak]] | /li:k/ | n. 漏洞, 漏处, 漏出, 泄漏 | n. an accidental hole that allows something (fluid or light etc.) to enter or es | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it.  Hey Mr. Treeger, it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lounge\|lounge]] | /laundʒ/ | n. 闲逛, 休闲室, 长沙发 | n. a room (as in a hotel or airport) with seating where people can wait | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Look at that! Look at that! They’re going into the first class lounge! Do you know what they have in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yoga\|yoga]] | /'jәugә/ | n. 瑜珈 | n. Hindu discipline aimed at training the consciousness for a state of perfect s | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Oh no. Mr. Treeger:  Whoa! This looks like an all day job, I’ll have to cancel my yoga class.  Hey R* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#namaste\|namaste]] | /'nʌmәstei/ | n. (印度)合十礼 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Sure. Mr. Treeger: Namaste.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evidently\|evidently]] | /'evidәntli/ | adv. 明显地, 根据现有证据来看 | r unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Evidently they do.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bermuda\|bermuda]] | /bә'mju:dә/ | n. 百慕大岛 | n. a group of islands in the Atlantic off the Carolina coast; British colony; a  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty mama…* |
| bahama | /bəˈhɑ:məz/ | n. 巴哈马 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty mama…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relieve\|relieve]] | /ri'li:v/ | vt. 减轻, 救济, 解除, 使免除, 换...的班, 使得到调剂, 使不单调, 衬托, 使显著 | v. provide physical relief, as from pain | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh, I so wanted Ross to know first, but I’m so relieved you guys know.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harm\|harm]] | /hɑ:m/ | n. 伤害, 害处 | v. cause or do harm to | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Well I guess there is no harm in telling you now, Rachel and Ross are gonna have a baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ketchup\|ketchup]] | /'ketʃәp/ | n. 蕃茄酱 | n thick spicy sauce made from tomatoes | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You mean the time you broke the ketchup bottle and cleaned it up with Monica’s guest towels?* |
| parm |  | abbr. parameter(s) 参数，参量 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it.  Hey Mr. Treeger, it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garlic\|garlic]] | /'gɑ:lik/ | n. 大蒜 | n. bulbous herb of southern Europe widely naturalized; bulb breaks up into separ | 1 | 5 | 2 | *Monica’s chicken parm! I’ll take care of it.  Hey Mr. Treeger, it’s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#orderly\|orderly]] | /'ɒ:dәli/ | a. 有秩序的, 整齐的, 值班的 | n. a soldier who serves as an attendant to a superior officer | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m in love too! But in an orderly fashion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shin\|shin]] | /ʃin/ | n. 胫骨 | n. the front part of the human leg between the knee and the ankle | 1 | 11 | 5 | *Of course I do! And I’m gonna give it back to you as soon as they’re done with it at the key shining* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explode\|explode]] | /ik'splәud/ | vi. 爆炸, 爆发, 激增 | v. cause to burst with a violent release of energy | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Well why don’t you use your key? Mr. Treeger: Because by the time I find it on this thing , the whol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrassment\|embarrassment]] | /im'bærәsmәnt/ | n. 困难, 阻碍, 困窘 | n. the shame you feel when your inadequacy or guilt is made public | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Yeah, and to save you from any embarrassment umm, I think maybe I should talk first.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heck\|heck]] | /hek/ | int. 真见鬼（hell的委婉说法） | n. The bolt or latch of a door. | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay.  Uh, Ross and Rachel. Rachel and Ross. That’s been one heck of a see-saw hasn’t it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passionate\|passionate]] | /'pæʃәnit/ | a. 热情的, 热烈的, 易怒的, 热恋的 | a. having or expressing strong emotions | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I mean look, that-that one night we had was fun and…and certainly passionate, but don’t you think it* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#indignant\|indignant]] | /in'dignәnt/ | a. 愤怒的, 愤慨的 | s. angered at something unjust or wrong | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Freaked out? Hey no, I’m not freaked out! I’m indignant! As a consumer!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jasmine\|jasmine]] | /'dʒæsmin/ | n. 茉莉, 淡黄色 | n. any of several shrubs and vines of the genus Jasminum chiefly native to Asia | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Hi. Mr. Treeger: Could you tell Jasmine that I won't make it to yoga class today?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noticeable\|noticeable]] | /'nәutisәbl/ | a. 显而易见的, 显著的, 值得注意的 | a. capable or worthy of being perceived | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So it’s noticeable huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#holy\|holy]] | /'hәuli/ | a. 神圣的, 圣洁的, 至善的 | a. belonging to or derived from or associated with a divine power | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Holy mother of God!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complaint\|complaint]] | /kәm'pleint/ | n. 诉苦, 抱怨, 控诉 | n. (formerly) a loud cry (or repeated cries) of pain or rage or sorrow | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Nothing. But the complaint department at the condom company got an earful. And then when I turned ar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earful\|earful]] | /'iәful/ | n. 惊人(或重要)新闻的透露, (说话、闲话等的)大量, 过多, 斥责 | n. an outpouring of gossip | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nothing. But the complaint department at the condom company got an earful. And then when I turned ar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sonogram\|sonogram]] | /'sɔnә,^ræm/ | 语图 | n. an image of a structure that is produced by ultrasonography (reflections of h | 1 | 5 | 5 | *The doctor will be here in a minute to do your sonogram.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pottery\|pottery]] | /'pɒtәri/ | n. 陶器, 陶器厂 | n. ceramic ware made from clay and baked in a kiln | 1 | 20 | 3 | *Okay.  Oh man, I swear if they sold these at Pottery Barn…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fresco\|fresco]] | /'freskәu/ | n. 湿壁画, 湿壁画技法 | n. a mural done with watercolors on wet plaster | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh-uh-uh, right now? Because I’ve kinda got an el fresco situation going on over here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamaze\|lamaze]] | /laˈmaz/ | n. 无痛分娩法 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Right! Right! I just—I want you to know that I’m going to be there through this whole thing, okay? O* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inhale\|inhale]] | /in'heil/ | vt. 吸入 | v. draw deep into the lungs in by breathing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh please, you inhale your food!* |
