---
season: 8
episode: "22"
title: "The One Where Rachel Is Late"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S08E22 — The One Where Rachel Is Late

*Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is showing everyone a poster as Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey! What are you guys looking at?

**Joey:** Oh, it’s a poster for that World War I movie that I’m in, check it out.

**Ross:** Yeah? Wow! It looks really [[Friends-词汇总表#violent\|violent]]!

**Joey:** Uh-huh! I know. I’m coming soon to a [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]] near you! I’m in THX! I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#unsuitable\|unsuitable]] for children!

**Ross:** Now I cannot wait to see this.

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah, it’s already [[Friends-词汇总表#generate\|generating]] Oscar [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzz]].

**Phoebe:** I started that!

**Joey:** I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The [[Friends-词汇总表#premiere\|premiere]] is next week and you’re all invited! *(They all gasp.)*

**Monica:** Are we gonna take a [[Friends-词汇总表#limo\|limo]]?

**Joey:** Sure! Why not?!

**Monica:** Oh I love taking [[Friends-词汇总表#limo\|limos]] when nobody died!

**Rachel:** Well obviously I won’t be able to come, for those of you who haven’t checked their calendars today is my due date. Well y’know, I just want to take a moment and thank you guys for how great you’ve been during this time. I really couldn’t have done it without you. And I have loved these last [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] months! And even though I am so looking forward to the next part, I am really gonna miss being [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, time lapse, and Rachel is entering still pregnant.

**Rachel:** That’s right, still no baby! *(To Monica, Joey, and Chandler on the couch)* Come on people! Please make some room!

**Ross:** Uh sweetie, maybe you’d be more [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] here? *(Gets up from the green armchair.)*

**Rachel:** You. Like you haven’t done enough.

**Ross:** Look, I-I know how [[Friends-词汇总表#miserable\|miserable]] you are, I wish there was something I can do. I mean I wish I were a [[Friends-词汇总表#seahorse\|seahorse]]. *(She glares at him)* Because with [[Friends-词汇总表#seahorse\|seahorses]] it’s the male, they carry the babies. And then also umm, I’d be far away in the sea. *(He sits back down.)*

*(Rachel turns and looks at the group on the couch and they move over. Chandler measures the room they’ve made with his arm and decides it’s not enough and they all move over again.)*

**Rachel:** God. *(Sits down.)* I have never been so [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] in my entire life!

**Phoebe:** Oh I know, I’ve been there. I remember [[Friends-词汇总表#toward\|toward]] the end…

**Rachel:** *(interrupting her)* Oh Phoebe, that’s a great story. Can you tell it to me when you’re getting me some iced [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]]? *(Phoebe gets up and Rachel groans.)* *(To the baby)* Oh God, get out! Get out!! Get out!! Get out!!

**Chandler:** Let’s. *(Everyone gets up and leaves Rachel.)*


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe, Chandler, Joey, and Monica are there as Rachel enters.

**Chandler:** Hey! Did you have the baby yet?

**Rachel:** Do you want me to come over there and sit on you? ‘Cause I’ll do it.

**Monica:** What are you doing here so early?

**Rachel:** They sent me home from work. They were like, "Start your [[Friends-词汇总表#maternity\|maternity]] leave now! Just rest, get ready for the baby." Well y’know what? Screw ‘em! If they don’t want me there, I’ll just hang out with you guys.

**Phoebe:** Or you can do [[Friends-词汇总表#volunteer\|volunteer]] work.

*(Joey’s cell phone rings and he answers it.)*

**Joey:** Hello?

**Estelle:** Joey! It’s Estelle! Great news, I was able to get you and one guest [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] to your [[Friends-词汇总表#premiere\|premiere]].

**Joey:** One guest? You told me I can have six [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]!

**Estelle:** Well, I sold four of them on Ebay. You’ll be sitting next to HotGuy372.

**Joey:** Oh my God. So that’s it?! I only get to bring one guest?

**Estelle:** Yeah, what time do you wanna pick me up? *(Joey hangs up on her.)* Hello?

**Joey:** *(to Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe)* Did you hear that? I only get one extra [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] to my [[Friends-词汇总表#premiere\|premiere]]. So some how I have to pick between you three and Ross.

**Rachel:** *(overhearing that)* What-what about me?

**Joey:** You said you didn’t want to go.

**Rachel:** I don’t. But I would still like to be [[Friends-词汇总表#acknowledge\|acknowledged]]. What? Just because I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] you think I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]].

**Joey:** Definitely not [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]].

**Monica:** Well, well Ross didn’t care enough to be here, so I think he’s out. You [[Friends-词汇总表#snooze\|snooze]] you lose.

**Chandler:** He’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#snooze\|snoozing]], he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teaching]] a class.

**Monica:** Well then somebody’s [[Friends-词汇总表#snooze\|snoozing]]. Joey, not that this uh should [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] you at all, but if you were to pick me, I was planning on wearing a [[Friends-词汇总表#sequined\|sequined]] dress, cut down to here. *(Points to her stomach just above her belly button.)*

**Chandler:** I haven’t seen this dress.

**Monica:** Star in a movie.

**Phoebe:** Joey, you pick who ever you want. Okay? You just listen to your heart. What does it tell you? *(Mimicking a heartbeat and tapping her chest.)* Phoebe, Phoebe.

**Joey:** Well uh…I think I want to take Chandler.

**Phoebe:** *(still mimicking a heartbeat, only faster)* Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe—Burrrrr! *(Mimics the sound of a cardiac monitor going off.)*

**Chandler:** You really want to take me?

**Joey:** Yeah! Yeah! I mean I’m sorry, I wish I can take everybody, but y’know Chandler always supported my career. He’s paid for acting classes and head shots and stuff and well this will be my way of paying you back.

**Chandler:** So you’re never actually going to pay me back?

**Monica:** Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you’re gonna take him? Joey, I don’t think you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#comprehend\|comprehending]] just how [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] this dress is!

**Joey:** It’s not just the stuff he paid for, I mean it’s-it’s everything. Y’know? He read lines with me. He-he went with me on [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|auditions]] when I was really [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]], and then he [[Friends-词汇总表#console\|consoled]] me after I didn’t get parts that I really wanted. You always believed in me man. Even, even when I didn’t believe in myself.

**Chandler:** I always knew you were gonna make it. I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of you.

**Joey:** Thanks. That means a lot to me.

*(They look at each other and smile for a while.)*

**Phoebe:** Mon, maybe one of these guys wants to wear your dress.

**Joey:** *(in a manly voice)* I’m gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]]. *(Gets up.)*

**Chandler:** *(in a manly voice)* Yeah well, I’m gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]]. *(He goes into the bedroom. On his way out, Joey gives Rachel a wide berth.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]. If I don’t come out in five minutes it’s because I’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choked]] to death on the [[Friends-词汇总表#potpourri\|potpourri]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]]. *(Goes into the bathroom.)*

**Phoebe:** When she comes out, you hold her [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]], I’ll blow in her [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]], and the kid will just *(makes a popping sound)* right out of her.

**Monica:** She’s over a week late! She gotta have it today, right?

**Phoebe:** I don’t know. I-I think it’s still gonna be a while.

**Monica:** Hmm, care to make it interesting? I’ll bet you that she’ll have it by this time tomorrow.

**Phoebe:** You’re on!

**Monica:** Okay, how much?

**Phoebe:** One hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars!

**Monica:** How about [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]?

**Phoebe:** Fine! I’ll call Zurich and move some money around.

**Rachel:** *(calling from the bathroom)* All right, who’s turn is it to help me get up!

*(They both look at each other, then Phoebe gets an idea.)*

**Phoebe:** No one’s here! *(Monica looks at her.)* Oh damnit!


> [!scene] Scene: The World Premiere of Over There, Joey and Chandler are arriving in a limo and are about to walk down the red carpet.

**Chandler:** This is so exciting! It’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#glamorous\|glamorous]]! People taking our picture. How do I look?

**Joey:** A little [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]].

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** Do you mind [[Friends-词汇总表#crouch\|crouching]] down a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]], so that I look [[Friends-词汇总表#taller\|taller]]? *(Chandler does so)* There you go. *(And they walk down the red carpet.)*

**Chandler:** It’s just so [[Friends-词汇总表#glamorous\|glamorous]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel is entering, still pregnant.

**Phoebe:** Oh hey Mon? Rach is here! Ohh, you’re still [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]. Oh, I’m sorry. I know how [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] you are. Y’know what? You look great. Yeah, like [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Rachel:** Oh, I have to go [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]. Apparently this baby thinks that my [[Friends-词汇总表#bladder\|bladder]] is a [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]]. *(Goes to the bathroom.)*

**Monica:** Damnit! Damnit!! Here’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]! *(Pays Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** It’s interesting that you lost. Now, I forget, do you like to lose?

**Monica:** Now stop it! Double or nothing that she has it by tomorrow!

**Phoebe:** Fine! You’re on!

**Monica:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** Until then, General Grant, why don’t you set up camp *(She puts the bill in her bra)* right there.

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey is Rachel here? We have a doctor’s [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]].

**Monica:** She’s in the bathroom.

**Ross:** Rach, we gotta go.

**Rachel:** In a minute!!!

**Ross:** People ask me why we’re not together, I just don’t know what to tell them.

**Rachel:** *(entering)* All right, all right. Let’s go!

**Ross:** Uh, do you wanna go change first? The doctor’s keeping the office open late for us, but if you [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]]…

**Rachel:** No, I’m fine.

**Ross:** Really? You don’t think that’s a little [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]].

*(She’s wearing a tank top and has her belly sticking out.)*

**Phoebe:** Good God man don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#anger\|anger]] it.

**Rachel:** Ross, it is 100 degrees outside. For the first time in weeks, I am [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhat\|somewhat]] [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]].

**Ross:** Fine! Fine! Y’know what? Whatever you want. Okay? You’re the mommy.

**Rachel:** Oh uh-uh pal! Don’t call me mommy! It’s bad enough you call your own mother that. *(He looks at Monica.)*

**Monica:** I’m actually with her on this one.


> [!scene] Scene: Inside Joey’s Premiere, he is intently watching the movie.

**Joey:** *(onscreen)* "I thought I knew who the [[Friends-词汇总表#enemy\|enemy]] was, but it was you all along."

**Joey:** *(To Chandler)* Okay, this is it. It’s my big fight scene coming up.

*(He looks over and Chandler and notices that he’s asleep.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Dr. Long’s Office, Ross and Rachel are waiting for the doctor. Ross is drumming his fingers on the bed.

**Rachel:** Ross.

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** Can I ask you something?

**Ross:** Uh-huh.

**Rachel:** When Carol was [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] with Ben…

**Ross:** Mmm?

**Rachel:** …were you this [[Friends-词汇总表#irritate\|irritating]]?

**Ross:** Wow!

**Rachel:** Excuse me?!

**Ross:** Oh nothing. Nothing! Just uh, you’ve been a little short with me [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]]. I’m not trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#irritate\|irritate]] you.

**Rachel:** Well then you just must have a natural [[Friends-词汇总表#talent\|talent]] for it.

**Ross:** Y’know what? The doctor will be in soon, why don’t we not speak until then.

**Rachel:** *(silently)* Okay. *(Pause)* Seriously, [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]] [[Friends-词汇总表#louder\|louder]] Ross! That’s great!

**Ross:** Y’know we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|deliver]] a baby that’s half human and half [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]]!

*(Dr. Long enters.)*

**Rachel:** Hi Dr. Long, how are you?

**Ross:** *(to Rachel)* Oh, you’re nice to her.

**Rachel:** She has the drugs! Dr. Long: We’ll do a quick check.

**Rachel:** Okay. *(Rachel lies back.)* Dr. Long: So, eight days late huh?

**Rachel:** Yeah. Dr. Long: You must be a little [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]].

**Rachel:** Eh, just a [[Friends-词汇总表#tad\|tad]]. Dr. Long: You’re about 80 percent [[Friends-词汇总表#efface\|effaced]], so you’re on your way. It still could last a little while longer. If you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#anxious\|anxious]] there are a few ways to help things along.

**Ross:** Do them!! Dr. Long: Actually, they’re things you can do. Just some home [[Friends-词汇总表#remedy\|remedies]], but in my experience I’ve found that some of them are quite effective.

**Rachel:** Well, we are ready to try anything. Dr. Long: Okay, there’s an [[Friends-词汇总表#herbal\|herbal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] you can drink.

**Rachel:** Okay. Dr. Long: You can take some [[Friends-词汇总表#caster\|caster]] oil, there’s eating [[Friends-词汇总表#spicy\|spicy]] foods…

**Rachel:** Great! We will do all of those. Dr. Long: …taking a long walk, and then there’s the one that’s [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|proved]] most effective: sex.

*(Rachel turns and looks at Ross.)*

**Ross:** You’ve got to be kidding me!


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey’s Premiere, the movie is ending and it takes the applause to wake up Chandler.

**Chandler:** Good job Joe! Well done! Top [[Friends-词汇总表#notch\|notch]]!

**Joey:** You liked it? You really liked it?

**Chandler:** Oh-ho-ho, yeah!

**Joey:** Which part exactly?

**Chandler:** The whole thing! Can we go?

**Joey:** Oh no-no-no, give me some specifics.

**Chandler:** I love the specifics, the specifics were the best part!

**Joey:** Hey, what about the scene with the [[Friends-词汇总表#kangaroo\|kangaroo]]? Did-did you like that part?

**Chandler:** I was surprised to see a [[Friends-词汇总表#kangaroo\|kangaroo]] in a World War I [[Friends-词汇总表#epic\|epic]].

**Joey:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]!! There was no [[Friends-词汇总表#kangaroo\|kangaroo]]! They didn’t take any of my [[Friends-词汇总表#suggestion\|suggestions]]! That’s for coming buddy. I’ll see you later. *(Starts to walk out.)*

**Chandler:** Don’t go! I’m sorry. I’m so sorry! *(Sees another guy who is still asleep.)* Look! This guy [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]! He fell asleep too! Be mad at him!

*(Looks at him more closely.) Or, call an ambulance.*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Rachel are there as Phoebe and Monica enter.

**Monica:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Monica:** What did the doctor say? Any news on when the baby will come?

**Rachel:** No. But she did give us some ideas on how to [[Friends-词汇总表#induce\|induce]] labor.

**Ross:** Yeah, we tried them all. We went for a walk, uh we tried a special [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]], [[Friends-词汇总表#caster\|caster]] oil, [[Friends-词汇总表#spicy\|spicy]] food nothing has worked.

**Rachel:** Well, there is one thing that we haven’t tried, but someone thinks that, *(mimicking Ross)* "That will open up a can of [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worms]]."

**Monica:** Well what is it? What is it? If it’s gonna help bring the baby here, like today. I mean, I think you should do it.

**Ross:** It’s sex.

**Monica:** Do it!

**Ross:** Monica!

**Monica:** I’m just saying it’s been a really long time for you. I mean, women have needs. Do it, get yours!

**Phoebe:** Oh I-I don’t know about that. No, I think that if the two of you had sex the-the-the [[Friends-词汇总表#repercussion\|repercussions]] would be [[Friends-词汇总表#catastrophic\|catastrophic]].

**Monica:** All right, let’s be [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]], if Ross isn’t willing to do it, he’s not the only guy in the world you can have sex with. You can [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] Chandler—Chandler is good!

**Ross:** Monica, what is the matter with you?

**Monica:** Nothing. I just want the baby to be born today.

**Rachel:** Why? Why today?

**Monica:** Okay fine! I keep betting Phoebe that you’re gonna have the baby and I don’t want to lose again!

**Ross:** What?! While she’s been going through this hell, you’ve been making money?! You’re betting on your friend staying in this [[Friends-词汇总表#misery\|misery]]?! *(Phoebe lowers her head and shakes it yes.)*

**Rachel:** I’ll take that bet.

**Ross:** What?!

**Rachel:** Well, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#miserable\|miserable]] here! I might as well make some money out it!

**Ross:** Can I get some of that action?

**Monica:** Wait a minute! Now I’m betting against all three of you?

**Rachel:** Oh honey, don’t worry. I really do feel like tomorrow’s the day.

**Monica:** Oh, okay!

*(Rachel turns her head to Ross and Phoebe and mouths, "No way.")*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is there as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey! Sleeping beauty!

**Chandler:** Where have you been?! I tried to call you! I want to talk to you! I still feel so bad!

**Joey:** *(in a baby voice)* Oh no, were you upset? Did you lose sleep?

**Chandler:** I’m so sorry.

**Joey:** Uh-huh look, the only reason I can over here was to [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] things between us! Okay? You’ve done a lot for me and my career, I wanted to pay you back so I took you to the [[Friends-词汇总表#premiere\|premiere]] but you missed it! Okay, so how much do I [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you?

**Chandler:** What?!

**Joey:** Give me a number, I don’t want to [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you anything!

**Chandler:** You don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me anything, I don’t want you money…

**Joey:** Ah-ah-ah! We’re doing this! Okay, now you got me my first set of head shots. Right, how much were those?

**Chandler:** I don’t know, five hundred dollars?

**Joey:** Okay, five hundred dollars. What else?

**Chandler:** Well then there was the second set, the [[Friends-词汇总表#infamous\|infamous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#booger\|booger]] head shots.

**Joey:** Okay, so that’s another five hundred. Five hundred and five hundred, that’s… *(Pauses to figure it out.)*

**Chandler:** Do you want a [[Friends-词汇总表#calculator\|calculator]]?

**Joey:** Please!

**Chandler:** Here! *(Hands him one. Joey adds it up and discovers that he was right.)*

**Joey:** All right, what else?

**Chandler:** Well uh, there was acting classes, stage [[Friends-词汇总表#combat\|combat]] classes, [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] classes…

**Joey:** Which we’re still keeping under our hats!

**Chandler:** Uh then there was that [[Friends-词汇总表#dialect\|dialect]] [[Friends-词汇总表#coach\|coach]] who helped you with that play where you needed a southern [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]]. Which after [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] hours of [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lessons]] still came out Jamaican.

**Joey:** What the hell are you talking about, *(in a Jamaican accent)* "The south will [[Friends-词汇总表#rise\|rise]] again man."

**Chandler:** Yes, money well spent!

**Joey:** Yeah. Okay, what else? Rent!

**Chandler:** Okay, two, three years of rent, [[Friends-词汇总表#utility\|utilities]], food…

**Joey:** Okay. Okay, so I’m writing you a check for…So you [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] during my movie. Big deal right? How do you clear this thing?


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's, Ross and Rachel are trying the home remedies again.

**Ross:** Come on, finish your [[Friends-词汇总表#enchilada\|enchilada]].

**Rachel:** Ross I—We tried all the [[Friends-词汇总表#spicy\|spicy]] food. It’s not working.

**Ross:** Okay here, have one of these [[Friends-词汇总表#pepper\|peppers]]. Oh ha… Oh God! So…so hot!

*(Rubs his eyes.) Oh my—(Laughs.) By the way, you don’t want to touch the pepper and then touch your eye.*

**Rachel:** I am [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] nothing. Speaking of hot, watching you do that really makes me want to have sex with you.

**Ross:** Stop it.

**Rachel:** Oh come on Ross, why are we wasting our time with this other stuff?! We know what’s gonna work! It’s doctor recommended!

**Ross:** I’m sorry, but we have to have some [[Friends-词汇总表#boundary\|boundaries]]! My God, I’m dying.

**Rachel:** Oh come on Ross, we’ve done it before we’ll do it again, it’ll be a nice way to [[Friends-词汇总表#bookend\|bookend]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]].

**Ross:** This is [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]], I’m not gonna make love to you just so that you’ll go into labor.

**Rachel:** Make love? What are you a girl?

**Ross:** Always a great way to get in a man’s pants.

**Rachel:** But you will, you will be [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|performing]] a service. Okay? Just-just think of me as a [[Friends-词汇总表#ketchup\|ketchup]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]], y’know you sometimes you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]] on the end of it just to get something to come out.

**Ross:** I love when you talk [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] to me.

**Rachel:** Oh, I know it. You’re right. That’s not sexy. Oh…Oh!

*(Drops a fork on the floor.) Whoops! Oh, I seem to have dropped my fork. Let me just bed over and get it. (Tries too, but can’t quite seem to make it.) Oh God!*

**Ross:** Okay enough! This is, this is not going to happen.

**Rachel:** Come on Ross! I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#miserable\|miserable]] here! Come on! You started this, now you finish it! Come on [[Friends-词汇总表#wuss\|wuss]], make love to me.

**Ross:** Y’know what?

**Rachel:** What?!

**Ross:** Forget it.

**Rachel:** Oh wow! What now Ross you’re not gonna talk? How on earth will you ever [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] me? Oh wait a minute, I know. *(Mimics his breathing.)* I mean you’d think the damn jalepeno would’ve cleared up your [[Friends-词汇总表#sinus\|sinuses]], but no!! That’s not enough… *(Ross jumps over and kisses her.)* What are you doing?!

**Ross:** I’m getting that baby out of you!

*(They kiss again.)*

**Rachel:** *(breaking the kiss)* Oh God!

**Ross:** Oh, I know.

**Rachel:** Oh no. No-no! I think my water just broke.

**Ross:** I am good. Okay! Okay! Uh, I got the [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]]! I got the bag! You got the keys?

**Rachel:** Okay! I got the keys! Okay! Okay!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** We’re having a baby.

*(They hug and then kiss one more time.)*

**Rachel:** I didn’t uh, really have time to read this part of the books, but do you think we have time to…

**Ross:** Not so much.

**Rachel:** Okay.


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is paying Phoebe.

**Monica:** Two hundred.

**Phoebe:** Thank you!

**Monica:** That’s it. I’m done. I don’t care when the baby comes, no more betting.

**Phoebe:** Okay.

*(The phone rings and Monica answers it.)*

**Monica:** Hello? *(Listens)* Uh-huh. *(Listens)* Uh-huh. *(Listens)* Okay. *(Hangs up.)* I guess we can bet one more time.

**Phoebe:** Is Rachel having the baby?

**Monica:** How did you know that?! *(Runs to yell at Joey’s apartment.)* Joey! Chandler!! It’s time!

**Phoebe:** They’re at the [[Friends-词汇总表#coffeehouse\|coffeehouse]].

**Monica:** You know everything!! Oh wait, double or nothing. I bet you the baby is over seven [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]]. *(Phoebe isn’t interested.)* I bet you it has hair. *(She’s still not interested.)* I bet you it’s a girl.

**Phoebe:** We know it’s a girl! *(Exits.)*

**Monica:** *(following her)* I’ll give you really good [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]].


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 7 | 76 | 53 | *One hundred thousand dollars!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 6 | 115 | 71 | *Hmm, care to make it interesting? I’ll bet you that she’ll have it by this time tomorrow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 4 | 101 | 74 | *Well, well Ross didn’t care enough to be here, so I think he’s out. You snooze you lose.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 4 | 135 | 75 | *Well then somebody’s snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The premiere is next week and you’re all invited!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *It’s interesting that you lost. Now, I forget, do you like to lose?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *What?! While she’s been going through this hell, you’ve been making money?! You’re betting on your f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *Come on, finish your enchilada.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The premiere is next week and you’re all invited!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Well obviously I won’t be able to come, for those of you who haven’t checked their calendars today i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Do you want me to come over there and sit on you? ‘Cause I’ll do it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *They sent me home from work. They were like, "Start your maternity leave now! Just rest, get ready f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Definitely not invisible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Well then somebody’s snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *When she comes out, you hold her nose, I’ll blow in her mouth, and the kid will just  right out of h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *When she comes out, you hold her nose, I’ll blow in her mouth, and the kid will just  right out of h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *This is so exciting! It’s so glamorous! People taking our picture. How do I look?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Oh, I have to go pee. Apparently this baby thinks that my bladder is a squeeze toy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *She’s in the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Fine! Fine! Y’know what? Whatever you want. Okay? You’re the mommy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Okay, this is it. It’s my big fight scene coming up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Y’know what? The doctor will be in soon, why don’t we not speak until then.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Okay.  Seriously, breathe louder Ross! That’s great!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Well, we are ready to try anything. Dr. Long: Okay, there’s an herbal tea you can drink.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Okay. Dr. Long: You can take some caster oil, there’s eating spicy foods…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Which part exactly?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *I was surprised to see a kangaroo in a World War I epic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Don’t go! I’m sorry. I’m so sorry!  Look! This guy fell asleep! He fell asleep too! Be mad at him!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *I’m just saying it’s been a really long time for you. I mean, women have needs. Do it, get yours!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh honey, don’t worry. I really do feel like tomorrow’s the day.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Hey! Sleeping beauty!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *Oh no, were you upset? Did you lose sleep?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Which we’re still keeping under our hats!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Yes, money well spent!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Always a great way to get in a man’s pants.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Okay enough! This is, this is not going to happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Oh wow! What now Ross you’re not gonna talk? How on earth will you ever annoy me? Oh wait a minute, * |

### 常用词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 4 | 118 | 49 | *Well obviously I won’t be able to come, for those of you who haven’t checked their calendars today i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 4 | 50 | 38 | *You fell asleep!! There was no kangaroo! They didn’t take any of my suggestions! That’s for coming b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 4 | 65 | 36 | *You fell asleep!! There was no kangaroo! They didn’t take any of my suggestions! That’s for coming b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 3 | 36 | 28 | *God.  I have never been so uncomfortable in my entire life!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 3 | 35 | 21 | *Oh Phoebe, that’s a great story. Can you tell it to me when you’re getting me some iced tea?   Oh Go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] | /'fifti/ | num. 五十, 五十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and five | 3 | 20 | 14 | *How about fifty bucks?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 3 | 73 | 48 | *How about fifty bucks?* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 3 | 52 | 40 | *No one’s here!  Oh damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 3 | 58 | 41 | *Uh-huh look, the only reason I can over here was to settle things between us! Okay? You’ve done a lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 2 | 48 | 43 | *Uh sweetie, maybe you’d be more comfortable here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 2 | 53 | 42 | *Oh, I have to pee. If I don’t come out in five minutes it’s because I’ve choked to death on the potp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buzz\|buzz]] | /bʌz/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 流言 | n. sound of rapid vibration | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Yeah, yeah, it’s already generating Oscar buzz.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 1 | 32 | 24 | *Well obviously I won’t be able to come, for those of you who haven’t checked their calendars today i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *They sent me home from work. They were like, "Start your maternity leave now! Just rest, get ready f* |
| estelle | /es'tel/ | n. 埃斯特尔(f.) |  | 1 | 27 | 10 | *Joey! It’s Estelle! Great news, I was able to get you and one guest tickets to your premiere.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 1 | 30 | 18 | *Did you hear that? I only get one extra ticket to my premiere. So some how I have to pick between yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 1 | 87 | 38 | *It’s not just the stuff he paid for, I mean it’s-it’s everything. Y’know? He read lines with me. He-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *It’s not just the stuff he paid for, I mean it’s-it’s everything. Y’know? He read lines with me. He-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *I always knew you were gonna make it. I’m so proud of you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]] | /ʃeiv/ | n. 修面, 刮胡子, 幸免, 剃刀 | n. the act of removing hair with a razor | 1 | 16 | 15 | *I’m gonna go shave.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] | /spit/ | n. 唾液, 唾吐, 小雨, 炙叉, 一铲的深度 | n. a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Yeah well, I’m gonna go spit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#choke\|choke]] | /tʃәuk/ | vt. 窒息, 阻塞, 噎, 抑制 | n. a coil of low resistance and high inductance used in electrical circuits to p | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Oh, I have to pee. If I don’t come out in five minutes it’s because I’ve choked to death on the potp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Oh, I have to pee. If I don’t come out in five minutes it’s because I’ve choked to death on the potp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *When she comes out, you hold her nose, I’ll blow in her mouth, and the kid will just  right out of h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *When she comes out, you hold her nose, I’ll blow in her mouth, and the kid will just  right out of h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 1 | 34 | 19 | *One hundred thousand dollars!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]] | /tɒ:l/ | a. 高的, 长的, 夸大的 | n. a garment size for a tall person | 1 | 23 | 18 | *A little tall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Oh, I have to go pee. Apparently this baby thinks that my bladder is a squeeze toy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Hey is Rachel here? We have a doctor’s appointment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] | /.inә'prәupriәt/ | a. 不适当的, 不相称的 | a. not suitable for a particular occasion etc | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Really? You don’t think that’s a little inappropriate.* |
| mmm |  | [医] 毫微米 |  | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Mmm?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] | /'leitli/ | adv. 近来, 最近 | r in the recent past | 1 | 26 | 23 | *Oh nothing. Nothing! Just uh, you’ve been a little short with me lately. I’m not trying to irritate * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]] | /bri:ð/ | vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语 | v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs | 1 | 37 | 18 | *Okay.  Seriously, breathe louder Ross! That’s great!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deliver\|deliver]] | /di'livә/ | vt. 递送, 陈述, 释放, 发表, 引渡, 投递, 交付 | v. deliver (a speech, oration, or idea) | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Y’know we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to deliver a baby that’s half human a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Y’know we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to deliver a baby that’s half human a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Great! We will do all of those. Dr. Long: …taking a long walk, and then there’s the one that’s prove* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *All right, let’s be practical, if Ross isn’t willing to do it, he’s not the only guy in the world yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] | /'setl/ | n. 有背长椅 | n. a long wooden bench with a back | 1 | 26 | 23 | *Uh-huh look, the only reason I can over here was to settle things between us! Okay? You’ve done a lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] | /'tæp/ | n. 轻打, 水龙头 | n. a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dan | 1 | 20 | 16 | *Well uh, there was acting classes, stage combat classes, tap classes…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] | /'æksәnt/ | n. 重音, 口音, 特点, 注重点 | n. distinctive manner of oral expression | 1 | 21 | 11 | *Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] | /'lesn/ | n. 课, 课业, 教训 | n. a unit of instruction | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] | /'preɡnәnsi/ | n. 怀孕；丰富, 多产；意义深长 | n. the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Oh come on Ross, we’ve done it before we’ll do it again, it’ll be a nice way to bookend the pregnanc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *This is insane, I’m not gonna make love to you just so that you’ll go into labor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] | /pә'fɒ:m/ | vt. 进行, 履行, 完成, 执行, 表演 | v. carry out or perform an action | 1 | 15 | 12 | *But you will, you will be performing a service. Okay? Just-just think of me as a ketchup bottle, y’k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *But you will, you will be performing a service. Okay? Just-just think of me as a ketchup bottle, y’k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 1 | 38 | 28 | *I love when you talk dirty to me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Oh wow! What now Ross you’re not gonna talk? How on earth will you ever annoy me? Oh wait a minute, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *I am good. Okay! Okay! Uh, I got the pillow! I got the bag! You got the keys?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coffeehouse\|coffeehouse]] |  | n. 咖啡馆 | n a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold | 1 | 17 | 11 | *They’re at the coffeehouse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 1 | 25 | 22 | *You know everything!! Oh wait, double or nothing. I bet you the baby is over seven pounds.  I bet yo* |

### 低频词（70）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#premiere\|premiere]] | /pri'miә/ | v. 初次公演, 首次露面 | n. the first public performance of a play or movie | 4 | 6 | 2 | *I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The premiere is next week and you’re all invited!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miserable\|miserable]] | /'mizәrәbl/ | a. 悲惨的；痛苦的；卑鄙的 | s. very unhappy; full of misery | 3 | 8 | 6 | *Look, I-I know how miserable you are, I wish there was something I can do. I mean I wish I were a se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spicy\|spicy]] | /'spaisi/ | a. 香的, 多香料的, 辛辣的, 下流的 | s having an agreeably pungent taste | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Okay. Dr. Long: You can take some caster oil, there’s eating spicy foods…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kangaroo\|kangaroo]] | /.kæŋgә'ru:/ | n. 袋鼠 | n. any of several herbivorous leaping marsupials of Australia and New Guinea hav | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Hey, what about the scene with the kangaroo? Did-did you like that part?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invisible\|invisible]] | /in'vizәbl/ | a. 看不见的, 无形的 | a. impossible or nearly impossible to see; imperceptible by the eye | 2 | 10 | 9 | *I don’t. But I would still like to be acknowledged. What? Just because I’m pregnant you think I’m in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snooze\|snooze]] | /snu:z/ | vi. 小睡, 打盹儿 | v. sleep lightly or for a short period of time | 2 | 2 | 2 | *He’s not snoozing, he’s teaching a class.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glamorous\|glamorous]] | /'glæmәrәs/ | a. 富有魅力的, 迷人的 | s. having an air of allure, romance and excitement | 2 | 3 | 2 | *This is so exciting! It’s so glamorous! People taking our picture. How do I look?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caster\|caster]] | /'kæstә. 'kɑ:stә/ | n. 投手, (家具的)脚轮, 调味瓶 | n. a worker who casts molten metal into finished products | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Okay. Dr. Long: You can take some caster oil, there’s eating spicy foods…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violent\|violent]] | /'vaiәlәnt/ | a. 暴力的, 猛烈的, 激烈的, 极端的, 凶暴的 | a. acting with or marked by or resulting from great force or energy or emotional | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah? Wow! It looks really violent!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]] | /'θiәtә/ | n. 戏院, 电影院, 剧场, 全体观众, 戏剧, 戏剧效果, 阶梯式讲堂, 场所 | n. a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be prese | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Uh-huh! I know. I’m coming soon to a theater near you! I’m in THX! I’m unsuitable for children!* |
| thx |  | abbr. 汤·霍尔曼实验（tom holmans expriment的缩写）；谢谢（thanks的缩写） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh-huh! I know. I’m coming soon to a theater near you! I’m in THX! I’m unsuitable for children!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unsuitable\|unsuitable]] | /.ʌn'sju:tәbl/ | a. 不适合的 | s. not meant or adapted for a particular purpose | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh-huh! I know. I’m coming soon to a theater near you! I’m in THX! I’m unsuitable for children!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#generate\|generate]] | /'dʒenәreit/ | vt. 产生, 发生, 导致 | v. bring into existence | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, yeah, it’s already generating Oscar buzz.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oscar\|oscar]] | /'ɔskә/ | n. 奥斯卡金像奖, 钱, 现金 | n an annual award by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for achieve | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, yeah, it’s already generating Oscar buzz.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#limo\|limo]] | /'limәu/ | [医] 柠檬 | n large luxurious car; usually driven by a chauffeur | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Are we gonna take a limo?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seahorse\|seahorse]] |  | n. 海马, 马头鱼 | n. small fish with horse-like heads bent sharply downward and curled tails; swim | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Look, I-I know how miserable you are, I wish there was something I can do. I mean I wish I were a se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toward\|toward]] | /tә'wɒ:d/ | prep. 向, 对于, 为了 | prep. Alt. of Towards | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh I know, I’ve been there. I remember toward the end…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maternity\|maternity]] | /mә'tә:niti/ | n. 母性, 怀孕, 妇产科医院 | n the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman  | 1 | 11 | 8 | *They sent me home from work. They were like, "Start your maternity leave now! Just rest, get ready f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#volunteer\|volunteer]] | /.vɒlәn'tiә/ | n. 志愿者 | n. (military) a person who freely enlists for service | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Or you can do volunteer work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#acknowledge\|acknowledge]] | /әk'nɒlidʒ/ | vt. 承认, 告知收悉, 答谢, 报偿 | v. report the receipt of | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I don’t. But I would still like to be acknowledged. What? Just because I’m pregnant you think I’m in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] | /ә'fekt/ | vt. 影响, 感动, 假装, 模仿, 爱好, 倾向于 | n. the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Well then somebody’s snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sequined\|sequined]] | /'si:kwind/ | a. 闪闪的 | s covered with beads or jewels or sequins | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well then somebody’s snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comprehend\|comprehend]] | /.kɒmpri'hend/ | vt. 理解, 包括 | v get the meaning of something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you’re gonna take him? Joey, I don’t think y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] | /slʌtɪ/ | a. 淫荡的 |  | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you’re gonna take him? Joey, I don’t think y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#console\|console]] | /kәn'sәul/ | vt. 安慰, 藉慰 | n. a scientific instrument consisting of displays and an input device that an op | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It’s not just the stuff he paid for, I mean it’s-it’s everything. Y’know? He read lines with me. He-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potpourri\|potpourri]] | /pәu'puri(:)/ | n. 混合物, 杂曲, 混成曲, 杂集, 大杂烩 | n. a jar of mixed flower petals and spices used as perfume | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, I have to pee. If I don’t come out in five minutes it’s because I’ve choked to death on the potp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zurich\|zurich]] | /'zuәrik/ | n. 苏黎士 | n. the largest city in Switzerland; located in the northern part of the country | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Fine! I’ll call Zurich and move some money around.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crouch\|crouch]] | /'krautʃ/ | n. 蹲伏, 蜷缩 | n. the act of bending low with the limbs close to the body | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Do you mind crouching down a little bit, so that I look taller?  There you go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taller\|taller]] | /'tɔ:lə(r)/ | a. 高的( tall的比较级 ) | a. great in vertical dimension; high in stature | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Do you mind crouching down a little bit, so that I look taller?  There you go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bladder\|bladder]] | /'blædә/ | n. 膀胱, 囊 | n. a distensible membranous sac (usually containing liquid or gas) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Oh, I have to go pee. Apparently this baby thinks that my bladder is a squeeze toy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toy\|toy]] | /tɒi/ | n. 玩具, 小玩艺儿, 小型的东西, 消遣 | n. a nonfunctional replica of something else (frequently used as a modifier) | 1 | 14 | 8 | *Oh, I have to go pee. Apparently this baby thinks that my bladder is a squeeze toy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anger\|anger]] | /'æŋgә/ | n. 忿怒 | n. a strong emotion; a feeling that is oriented toward some real or supposed gri | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Good God man don’t anger it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhat\|somewhat]] | /'sʌmhwɒt/ | n. 某物, 几分 | r to a small degree or extent | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ross, it is 100 degrees outside. For the first time in weeks, I am somewhat comfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enemy\|enemy]] | /'enimi/ | n. 敌人, 仇敌, 敌军 | n. an opposing military force | 1 | 2 | 2 | *"I thought I knew who the enemy was, but it was you all along."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irritate\|irritate]] | /'iriteit/ | vt. 激怒, 使发怒, 使兴奋, 使发炎 | v. excite to an abnormal condition, or chafe or inflame | 1 | 1 | 1 | *…were you this irritating?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talent\|talent]] | /'tælәnt/ | n. 天才, 才能, 有才干的人, 天资 | n. a person who possesses unusual innate ability in some field or activity | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Well then you just must have a natural talent for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#louder\|louder]] |  | adv. 大声一点 | a characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Okay.  Seriously, breathe louder Ross! That’s great!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pure\|pure]] | /pjuә/ | a. 纯的, 纯净的, 纯洁的, 清白的, 完美的, 无瑕的, 抽象的 | a. free of extraneous elements of any kind | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Y’know we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to deliver a baby that’s half human a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tad\|tad]] | /tæd/ | n. (美)(非正式)男孩, 小孩子, 少量 | n. a slight amount or degree of difference | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Eh, just a tad. Dr. Long: You’re about 80 percent effaced, so you’re on your way. It still could las* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#efface\|efface]] | /i'feis/ | vt. 抹去, 消除, 忘却 | v. make inconspicuous | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Eh, just a tad. Dr. Long: You’re about 80 percent effaced, so you’re on your way. It still could las* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anxious\|anxious]] | /'æŋʃәs/ | a. 忧虑的, 发愁的, 渴望的 | s. eagerly desirous | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Eh, just a tad. Dr. Long: You’re about 80 percent effaced, so you’re on your way. It still could las* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remedy\|remedy]] | /'remidi/ | n. 药物, 治疗法, 治疗, 补救, 赔偿 | n. a medicine or therapy that cures disease or relieve pain | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Do them!! Dr. Long: Actually, they’re things you can do. Just some home remedies, but in my experien* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herbal\|herbal]] | /'hә:bәl/ | a. 草药的 | a. of or relating to herbs | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Well, we are ready to try anything. Dr. Long: Okay, there’s an herbal tea you can drink.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#notch\|notch]] | /nɒtʃ/ | n. 刻痕, 等级, 峡谷 | n. a V-shaped indentation | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Good job Joe! Well done! Top notch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#epic\|epic]] | /'epik/ | n. 史诗, 叙事诗 | s. very imposing or impressive; surpassing the ordinary (especially in size or s | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I was surprised to see a kangaroo in a World War I epic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suggestion\|suggestion]] | /sә'dʒestʃәn/ | n. 提议, 意见 | n. an idea that is suggested | 1 | 8 | 5 | *You fell asleep!! There was no kangaroo! They didn’t take any of my suggestions! That’s for coming b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#induce\|induce]] | /in'dju:s/ | vt. 引诱, 招致, 归纳出, 感应 | v. cause to arise | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. But she did give us some ideas on how to induce labor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worm\|worm]] | /wә:m/ | n. 虫, 蠕虫, 小人物, 螺纹, 蜗杆 | n. any of numerous relatively small elongated soft-bodied animals especially of  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well, there is one thing that we haven’t tried, but someone thinks that,  "That will open up a can o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repercussion\|repercussion]] | /.ri:pә'kʌʃәn/ | n. 弹回, 反响, 反射 | n. a remote or indirect consequence of some action | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh I-I don’t know about that. No, I think that if the two of you had sex the-the-the repercussions w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catastrophic\|catastrophic]] | /.kætә'strɒfik/ | a. 悲惨的, 灾难的 | s. extremely harmful; bringing physical or financial ruin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh I-I don’t know about that. No, I think that if the two of you had sex the-the-the repercussions w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]] | /'præktikl/ | a. 实际的, 现实的, 实用性的 | a. concerned with actual use or practice | 1 | 8 | 7 | *All right, let’s be practical, if Ross isn’t willing to do it, he’s not the only guy in the world yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misery\|misery]] | /'mizәri/ | n. 痛苦, 悲惨, 不幸, 穷困 | n. a state of ill-being due to affliction or misfortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *What?! While she’s been going through this hell, you’ve been making money?! You’re betting on your f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#infamous\|infamous]] | /'infәmәs/ | a. 无耻的, 不名誉的, 声名狼藉的 | s known widely and usually unfavorably; | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well then there was the second set, the infamous booger head shots.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#booger\|booger]] | /'bu:^ә/ | (=bugger)[方]干燥的鼻粘液 | n. dried nasal mucus | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well then there was the second set, the infamous booger head shots.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calculator\|calculator]] | /'kælkjuleitә/ | n. 计算者, 计算器 | n. an expert at calculation (or at operating calculating machines) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Do you want a calculator?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#combat\|combat]] | /'kɒmbæt/ | n. 争斗, 战斗 | n. an engagement fought between two military forces | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well uh, there was acting classes, stage combat classes, tap classes…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dialect\|dialect]] | /'daiәlekt/ | n. 方言, 同源语 | n. the usage or vocabulary that is characteristic of a specific group of people | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coach\|coach]] | /kәutʃ/ | n. 四轮大马车, 教练 | n. (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jamaican\|jamaican]] | /dʒә'meikәn/ | a. 牙买加的；牙买加人的 | n. a native or inhabitant of Jamaica | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accen* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rise\|rise]] | /raiz/ | n. 上升, 增加, 上涨, 高地, 升高, 出现 | n. a growth in strength or number or importance | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What the hell are you talking about,  "The south will rise again man."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#utility\|utility]] | /ju:'tiliti/ | n. 功用, 有用之物, 实用, 公用事业, 实用程序 | n. a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, two, three years of rent, utilities, food…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enchilada\|enchilada]] | /,entʃi'lɑ:dә/ | n. 以辣椒调味之一种墨西哥菜 | n. tortilla with meat filling baked in tomato sauce seasoned with chili | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Come on, finish your enchilada.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pepper\|pepper]] | /'pepә/ | n. 胡椒粉, 胡椒, 辣椒 | n. climber having dark red berries (peppercorns) when fully ripe; southern India | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Okay here, have one of these peppers. Oh ha… Oh God! So…so hot!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boundary\|boundary]] | /'baundri/ | n. 边界, 分界线 | n. the line or plane indicating the limit or extent of something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I’m sorry, but we have to have some boundaries! My God, I’m dying.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bookend\|bookend]] | /'bukend/ | n. 书挡, 压书具 | n. a support placed at the end of a row of books to keep them upright (on a shel | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh come on Ross, we’ve done it before we’ll do it again, it’ll be a nice way to bookend the pregnanc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ketchup\|ketchup]] | /'ketʃәp/ | n. 蕃茄酱 | n thick spicy sauce made from tomatoes | 1 | 4 | 4 | *But you will, you will be performing a service. Okay? Just-just think of me as a ketchup bottle, y’k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bang\|bang]] | /bæŋ/ | n. 重击, 突然巨响, 刘海 | n. a sudden very loud noise | 1 | 22 | 9 | *But you will, you will be performing a service. Okay? Just-just think of me as a ketchup bottle, y’k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wuss\|wuss]] | /wʊs/ | n. <俚>懦弱的人, 无用的人 | n a person who is physically weak and ineffectual | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Come on Ross! I’m miserable here! Come on! You started this, now you finish it! Come on wuss, make l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sinus\|sinus]] | /'sainәs/ | n. 窦, 静脉窦, 凹陷处 | n. any of various air-filled cavities especially in the bones of the skull | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh wow! What now Ross you’re not gonna talk? How on earth will you ever annoy me? Oh wait a minute, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]] | /ɒdz/ | n. 可能性, 几率, 机会, 胜算, 不平等 | n. the likelihood of a thing occurring rather than not occurring | 1 | 14 | 9 | *I’ll give you really good odds.* |
