---
season: 8
episode: "08"
title: "The One With The Stripper"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S08E08 — The One With The Stripper

*Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen Directed by: David Schwimmer*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Monica, and Chandler are sitting on the couch and chair as Phoebe is getting coffee.

**Rachel:** *(coming from the bathroom)* Hey Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Huh?

**Rachel:** I’m having dinner with my dad tomorrow night, do you wanna come?

**Phoebe:** Sure. Yeah, he’s kinda sexy.

**Rachel:** Oh no, no, I’ll be there too.

**Phoebe:** Okay so, we’ll just come up with some kind of signal if it’s going well you can take off.

**Rachel:** No Phoebe! I just need you there for support. I haven’t told him I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] yet.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Why not?

**Rachel:** ‘Cause I know he’s gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] out and I hate it when he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]].

**Phoebe:** Oh Rachel, this is all so ‘Papa don’t preach.’

**Rachel:** What Phoebe? Wait! One time he caught me [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]] he said if he ever saw me doing that again he’d make me eat the entire pack.

**Phoebe:** Wow! Oh well, I will be there!

**Rachel:** Thank you.

**Phoebe:** Gosh. I’m not gonna let that man make you eat your baby. *(They both sit down by the rest of the gang and Phoebe recognizes a man by the window.)* Oh. Hey! Who is that guy? I think I know him.

**Monica:** *(recognizing him and panicking)* No you don’t!

**Rachel:** *(panicking)* No you don’t.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!!! Monica!! He’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] from your [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelorette\|bachelorette]] party!!

**Chandler:** Her what?!!

**Phoebe:** Your [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelorette\|bachelorette]] party…

**Chandler:** You had a [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelorette\|bachelorette]] party?!

**Phoebe:** She [[Friends-词汇总表#untie\|untied]] his G-string with her [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]]. *(Pause)* Somebody stop me!

**Chandler:** I thought we weren’t gonna have [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]]/[[Friends-词汇总表#bachelorette\|bachelorette]] parties! Y’know, we agreed that it was a [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tradition\|tradition]].

**Joey:** It’s a grand [[Friends-词汇总表#tradition\|tradition]]!

**Monica:** I’m sorry, they surprised me. There was nothing I could do!

**Rachel:** Well you could’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#untie\|untied]] it with your hands.

**Joey:** This is so [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]]! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party, but no, I wasn’t allowed to. All I got was a stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#steak\|steak]] dinner!

**Chandler:** You went home with the [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]].

**Joey:** Oh yeah, that was a pretty good night.

**Chandler:** I can’t believe you didn’t tell me! You know that the two [[Friends-词汇总表#pillar\|pillars]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#openness\|openness]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#honesty\|honesty]]!

**Monica:** Ugh, I knew giving you that book was gonna come back and [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] me in the ass!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: A Restaurant, Rachel and Phoebe are having dinner with Dr. Green, and everyone is looking at the menu.] Dr. Green: How about I order everyone the Moroccan chicken?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I-I don’t eat [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]]. Dr. Green: It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I don’t eat that either. Dr. Green: I’ll never understand you lesbians. *(To Rachel)* So baby, tell me…what is new with you.

**Rachel:** Well actually umm…

**Waiter:** *(interrupting)* Your ’74 Lafite [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]. Dr. Green: ’74?! I ordered the ’75! That’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#magnificent\|magnificent]] wine! The ’74 is [[Friends-词汇总表#sewage\|sewage]]! Why would you bring me sewage?! *(The waiter’s dumbfounded)* Is that a hard question? Are you an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]? Is that why you’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]]?

**Waiter:** This is why I told the manager I wouldn’t wait on you tonight!

*(Runs off.) Dr. Green: Oh come on! Don’t be such a baby! (Goes after him)*

**Rachel:** *(To Phoebe)* In case you didn’t notice, that is a [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] man.

**Phoebe:** He’s right though, the ’74 is [[Friends-词汇总表#absolute\|absolute]] [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|piss]].

**Rachel:** This was such a huge [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]. I can’t tell him Phoebe. I can’t, I can’t, I can’t, I can’t…

**Phoebe:** Rachel!

**Rachel:** No it’s okay, this is what’s gonna happen. I’m gonna wait a couple years and then the baby will tell him.

**Phoebe:** Why, so he can get mad at the baby?

**Rachel:** Hey, that is the…baby’s problem. *(Dr. Green returns.)* Oh, everything okay with the [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]]? Dr. Green: I have no idea, I went to the bathroom. So sweetie, you were starting to tell me what is uh, what is new with you.

**Rachel:** Well… Umm, I got TiVo. Dr. Green: What’s TiVo?

**Phoebe:** It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#slang\|slang]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Rachel:** Phoebe! Dr. Green: Are you really [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]?

**Rachel:** Well uh, yes and no. Except not no. So to [[Friends-词汇总表#sum\|sum]] it up, yeah. Dr. Green: Who is the father? Oh no! Please don’t tell me it’s her!

*(Points at Phoebe.)*

**Rachel:** No, it’s Ross. It’s Ross. You like Ross. *(He just shakes his head.)* Oh daddy, I hope you’re okay with all of this. I mean think about it, this is a good thing. You’re gonna—This is your first [[Friends-词汇总表#grandchild\|grandchild]]! You’re gonna be a [[Friends-词汇总表#poppy\|poppy]]! Dr. Green: That’s true.

**Rachel:** Yeah. Dr. Green: *(laughs)* Poppy. *(To Phoebe)* Oh, I’m gonna be a [[Friends-词汇总表#poppy\|poppy]]. *(Stops laughing)* So when is the wedding?

**Rachel:** Who? Dr. Green: The wedding! There’s going to be a wedding. Young lady, don’t you sit there and tell me my first [[Friends-词汇总表#grandchild\|grandchild]] is going to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]]! *(Rachel pauses)* Rachel Karen Green, tell me there is gonna be a wedding!!

**Rachel:** February 2nd!

*(Dr. Green exhales in relief.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are reading a magazine and Ross is chatting with Mona.

**Mona:** So it was really cool seeing you [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] today.

**Ross:** Oh thanks. Although it kinda seemed like you were falling [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] there a little.

**Mona:** Oh no-no, I-I had my eyes closed so I could [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]] and y’know take it all in.

**Ross:** Yeah, a lot of my students do that.

**Mona:** So, I gotta get going.

**Ross:** Okay, I-I’ll see you tonight.

**Mona:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Okay, bye.

*(They kiss and she starts to leave.)*

**Mona:** Oh hey, thanks again for showing me your semi-[[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]] stone collection. It was amazing! *(She leaves.)*

**Chandler:** My God! You must be good in bed!

**Joey:** So uh, you and Mona, been a while now. How’s it going?

**Ross:** Ah, it’s good. It’s going good. I mean, we get along great. She’s, she’s so…

**Joey:** Hot?

**Ross:** Well, I was gonna say sweet, but yeah-huh!

**Chandler:** She’s okay with Rachel and the baby?

**Ross:** Well I…I haven’t actually told her yet. I don’t want to [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] her off, y’know?

**Chandler:** Well, you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] with her! Otherwise you may think that you’re going down the same path, but you’re really going down different ones.

**Joey:** I’m gonna take that book and [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] you to death with it.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Oh my God! You are gonna love me so much! I felt really bad about the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelorette\|bachelorette]] party thing, so tonight you’re gonna have a [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party.

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] to come dance for you. Am I going in the wife hall of [[Friends-词汇总表#fame\|fame]] or what?!

**Chandler:** Honey! That’s crazy! I don’t want you to get me a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]]…

**Joey:** Will you let the lady talk?!

**Monica:** Come on! Come on, it’ll be fun! It’ll make me feel so much better.

**Chandler:** Look, I [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it, but uh, it’s a little [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]]. Y’know? I’m not a [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] anymore.

**Monica:** So don’t think of it as a [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party, think of it as a…a two month [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] present.

**Ross:** Sure, one year is paper, but two months is lapdance! *(Joey nods his agreement.)*

**Monica:** Please! I feel so bad! Just watch the hot woman get naked!

**Chandler:** All right fine! But I’m only doing this for you!

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Chandler:** And Joey.

**Monica:** Thank you. All right, now who else do you want to invite?

**Chandler:** Ah, no-no-no just Ross. Ross and Joey is [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]] enough.

**Ross:** Uh actually, sorry I can’t even make it. I’m seeing Mona again tonight.

**Chandler:** I understand: who would [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] an actual date to go to a [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party?

**Joey:** *(on cell phone)* I’m sorry I gotta [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] tonight baby…


> [!scene] Scene: The Restaurant, dinner has ended and Phoebe and Rachel are talking. Dr. Green is not at the table.

**Phoebe:** I’m sorry I won’t be able to make it to your [[Friends-词汇总表#imaginary\|imaginary]] wedding, but I’m really [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] that day. Yeah, I already have a [[Friends-词汇总表#unicorn\|unicorn]] [[Friends-词汇总表#baptism\|baptism]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#leprechaun\|leprechaun]] bar [[Friends-词汇总表#mitzvah\|mitzvah]].

**Rachel:** I know. I know. I [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panicked]], I panicked. I didn’t want him to start [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] at me like I was some ’74 Latour.

**Phoebe:** It’s Lafite. The ’74 Latour is actually drinking quite [[Friends-词汇总表#nicely\|nicely]].

**Rachel:** All right here he comes. I’m gonna do this, I’m gonna tell him, I’m gonna be strong. Dr. Green: I just called a friend of mine.

**Rachel:** Yeah? Dr. Green: I think I may be able to book The Plaza on short notice.

**Rachel:** Really?! The Plaza?!! Oh daddy!! *(Hugs him and Phoebe glares at her.)* Right. Daddy, I need to talk to you. Please, sit down. Dr. Green: What is it sweetie?

**Rachel:** There’s not gonna be a wedding. Ross and I are not getting married. Dr. Green: What?!

**Rachel:** I’m sorry daddy. Dr. Green: I don’t believe this!!

**Rachel:** Oh now daddy, stay [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]]. Please. Dr. Green: Stay calm?!! How do you expect me to stay calm?! This is [[Friends-词汇总表#unacceptable\|unacceptable]] Rachel! And I wanna know why?!! Is it because that [[Friends-词汇总表#punk\|punk]] Ross won’t marry you?! That’s it! Is that it?!

**Rachel:** Yes. Yes, he says I’m damaged goods.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler’s bachelor party has begun, what there is of it, with only Joey (wearing a gold paper top hat) and Chandler (wearing what appears to be a Burger King paper crown) enjoying a nice product placement of Budweisers on ice.

**Joey:** So you uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] about getting married?

**Chandler:** What are you doing?

**Joey:** Look, look let’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] it’s a real [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party. Okay? Y’know? Before your wedding. Come on, it’ll be fun.

**Chandler:** Okay. I can’t believe tomorrow’s the big day.

**Joey:** How does it feel knowing you’re never gonna be with another woman again huh? Knowing you’re gonna have to wake up to the same face [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] until you finally have the sweet release of death.

**Chandler:** You’re right, this is more fun.

*(There’s a knock on the door.)*

**Joey:** That’s her! Okay, come on! *(They go over and open the door.)*

**Stripper:** Hi!

**Chandler:** Hi. *(Joey blows on a noisemaker.)*

**Stripper:** So which one of you lucky boys is Chandler?

**Joey:** Uh, that-that’s-that’s me!

**Chandler:** That’s me.

**Joey:** Joey Tribbiani, a big fan.

**Stripper:** So is that a [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]? *(Points to the guestroom.)*

**Chandler:** Yeah, yeah right over there.

**Stripper:** All right, [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] you’re ready. *(She goes into the bedroom.)*

**Chandler:** That was weird.

**Joey:** Why-why would she go in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]?

**Stripper:** I’m waiting.

*(They both slowly enter the bedroom and quickly walk back out.)*

**Chandler:** So she’s a…

**Joey:** Yeah, that’s one naked [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's Apartment, Ross and Mona are sitting on the couch.

**Mona:** I love your place! Where is this guy from? *(A statue from the top of his apothecary table.)*

**Ross:** Uh that’s an [[Friends-词汇总表#eighteenth\|eighteenth]] century Indian [[Friends-词汇总表#artifact\|artifact]] from Calcutta.

**Mona:** Oh wow! So, you’re more than just [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaurs]].

**Ross:** So much more.

*(They start making out and she kicks the eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta off of his apothecary table from the days of yore and the magical city of White Plains.)*

**Mona:** Oh my God! Oh my God! I’m so sorry!

**Ross:** Aw forget it, it’s from Pier One. *(There’s an angry knock on the door.)* Sorry. *(Goes and opens the door to an irate Dr. Green.)* Dr. Green: You think you can [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] up my [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] and then not marry her?! I’m gonna kill you!!

**Ross:** Y’know this is actually not a great time for me.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's Apartment, continued from earlier.] Dr. Green: So? Come on! Explain yourself Geller! First you get my Rachel pregnant!

**Mona:** You got Rachel [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]?!

**Ross:** Who did?! Dr. Green: You did!

**Ross:** Yes. Yes, yes I did. *(To Mona)* But-but it was, it was just a one night thing. It meant nothing. Dr. Green: Oh? Really? That’s what my [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] means to you? Nothing?

**Ross:** No! No [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] umm, she means a lot to me. I mean, I care—I-I love Rachel.

**Mona:** What?!

**Ross:** *(to Mona)* Oh but not that way. I mean…I mean I’m not in love with her. I love her like a, like a friend. Dr. Green: Oh really? That’s how [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] a friend? You get her in [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] and then [[Friends-词汇总表#refuse\|refuse]] to marry her?

**Ross:** *(to Dr. Green)* Hey! I offered to marry her!

**Mona:** Wh…

**Ross:** *(To Mona)* But I didn’t want to. Dr. Green: Well why not? So you can spend your time with this [[Friends-词汇总表#tramp\|tramp]]?!

**Mona:** Tramp?!

**Ross:** I’m sorry. Dr. Green, Mona. Mona, Dr. Green.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler and Joey are discussing what to do about the now naked hooker in the guestroom.

**Chandler:** I can’t believe there is a naked [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]] in there!

**Joey:** Wait! Wait! Maybe she’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]], but she got [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]] about what she’s supposed to do.

**Chandler:** Could be. I mean [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] she did [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]], we just, we just missed it. *(Walks towards the bedroom.)* Ma’am, are you also a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]]?

**Hooker:** Uh, no. But I could [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]], but that’s gonna cost extra. Okay, here’s the extras, [[Friends-词汇总表#handcuff\|handcuffs]], [[Friends-词汇总表#spank\|spanking]]… *(Chandler grunts for her not to continue and Joey pulls him back into the kitchen.)*

**Joey:** Maybe Monica’s playing a joke on ya. Y’know? Getting her own [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]], that’s pretty funny.

**Chandler:** That is funny, maybe for my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] she’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]] someone.

**Joey:** I bet Ross was in on it too. I mean he was [[Friends-词汇总表#conveniently\|conveniently]] [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]].

**Hooker:** Do you mind if I [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] in here?

**Chandler:** Oh actually, I’d rather you…Yeah, go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]. We’re gonna have to [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] that room down anyway.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's Apartment, continued from earlier.

**Mona:** How could you have kept all of this from me?

**Ross:** I was going to tell you, but… Dr. Green: But what?! You figured you’d get what you wanted and then [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] her like you dumped Rachel!

**Ross:** Hey! I did not [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] Rachel! *(To Mona)* Nor are we still together. *(The phone rings and Ross goes to answer it, only he’s trapped behind the apothecary table by Dr. Green.)* Can I just… *(Dr. Green glares at him.)* Why don’t we just let the machine get that?

**Joey:** *(on machine)* Hey Ross. It’s Joey. There’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]] over here and we thought maybe you’d know something about it.

**Ross:** No! No! No! No! No! I-I-I-I—I need to, I need to lie down.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s Restaurant’s Kitchen, she’s cooking as one of her waiters, Stu, comes over to talk to her.

**Stu:** So, tonight’s the night of the big [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party?

**Monica:** Yeah! Hey! Thanks for getting me that girl’s number.

**Stu:** No problem. So who’s the party for?

**Monica:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]].

**Stu:** You hired your [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]]?

**Monica:** She’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]].

**Stu:** No, she’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]].

**Monica:** Is that, is that what they call [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|strippers]] sometimes?

**Stu:** When they’re [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hookers]].

**Monica:** Oh my God Stu! I-I can’t believe you did this! Now are you absolutely sure she’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]]?

**Stu:** Either that or she’s just the best, most [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] date I ever had.

*(Monica runs out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Joey and Chandler are still deciding what to do about the hooker.

**Joey:** Maybe she meant to get you a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]].

**Chandler:** Why would she do that?

**Joey:** Maybe she wants you to learn something. Huh? Now is there anything you’re really bad at y’know, [[Friends-词汇总表#sexually\|sexually]]?

**Chandler:** This is the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party ever!

**Hooker:** What’s taking you boys so long?

**Joey:** In a minute!

**Chandler:** *(To Joey)* In a minute? What’s gonna happen in a minute?!

**Joey:** All right, all right maybe-maybe you should just ask her to leave.

**Chandler:** Why me?!

**Joey:** Hey! It’s your [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] party.

**Chandler:** Which is why you should do it.

**Joey:** I don’t want to. You do it!

**Chandler:** You do it!

**Joey:** You do it!

**Chandler:** All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the [[Friends-词汇总表#whore\|whore]] to leave!

*(Joey smirks.) What?*

**Joey:** I miss this.

**Chandler:** I don’t think we’ve actually done this before!

**Joey:** No, I-I miss hanging out with you.

**Chandler:** Well we…we still hang out.

**Joey:** Not like we used to. Remember? You and me used to be [[Friends-词汇总表#inseparable\|inseparable]]. Y’know now it’s like…things are different.

**Chandler:** Well y’know, things are different. I’m…I’m married now.

**Joey:** Oh sure—And hey, don’t get me wrong, I am so happy for you guys. I just…I miss…hanging out…just-just us, y’know?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I miss that too. I tell you what; from now on we’ll make time to hang out with each other.

**Joey:** You got it. Come here. *(They hug and are observed by the hooker.)*

**Hooker:** Oh God! Listen, I am this close to [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|robbing]] you guys. *(Does the close sign.)*

**Monica:** *(entering quickly)* She’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]]! She’s a hooker! She’s a… *(Stops as she sees her.)* Hi! Uh, we [[Friends-词汇总表#spoke\|spoke]] on the phone. *(Goes and shakes the hooker’s hand.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel and Phoebe are at the counter as Ross enters.

**Ross:** So your dad dropped by. He’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasant\|pleasant]] man!

**Rachel:** *(quietly)* Oh no…

**Phoebe:** I’d better go. *(She goes and sits down in the La-Z-Boy E-cliner 3000, the chair that Sit magazine called chair of the year, and they both look at her.)* Just over here: I don’t want to miss the fight.

**Rachel:** Ross I’m so sorry. Okay. I-I will promise I will [[Friends-词汇总表#straighten\|straighten]] this out with him tomorrow in person, or via e-mail.

**Ross:** I don’t care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now she’s totally freaked out!

**Rachel:** Oh okay, I’ll fix that to. What’s her e-mail address?

**Ross:** Rachel!

**Rachel:** All right, I promise. I’ll fix this. I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]]. I’ll-I’ll-I’ll-I’ll talk to her.

**Ross:** Okay!

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Ross:** Thank you!

**Phoebe:** That’s it?! You call that a fight? Come on! "We were on a break!" "No we weren’t!" What happened to you two?!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's Apartment, Ross is opening the door to Mona. Rachel is there as well.

**Ross:** Thank you so much for coming back over.

**Mona:** Oh good, you’re here. Yeah, and I was worried that it was going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]].

**Rachel:** I know Mona, just hear me out. First of all, I’m so sorry about my father [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] at you, but I heard you totally held your own. You’re gonna have to tell me how you did that.

**Ross:** Focus.

**Rachel:** Okay. Um…But—Okay, yes Ross and I used to date. And yes we are gonna have a baby. But we are definitely not getting back together.

**Mona:** How can I be sure on that?

**Rachel:** Oh we just—we drove each other crazy!

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** I mean he was [[Friends-词汇总表#possessive\|possessive]], he was [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]], he could never just let the little things go!

**Ross:** Trying to date this woman.

**Rachel:** Right! But, none of that compared to how kind and-and how [[Friends-词汇总表#gentle\|gentle]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#thoughtful\|thoughtful]] he is. *(Rubbing his shoulder.)*

**Ross:** Probably shouldn’t touch me.

**Mona:** Y’know, I-I-I just…I don’t want to get in the middle of something so [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]].

**Rachel:** I know, I get it, but Mona, what relationship is not [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]]? I mean we all have our [[Friends-词汇总表#baggage\|baggage]]! You must too! Why else would you still be single? *(Mona looks at her.)* I am so gonna leave right now. *(Ross opens the door for her and she leaves.)*

**Ross:** Should I leave this open for you too?

**Mona:** I’m not sure yet. Why didn’t you just tell me about all this?

**Ross:** Because what’s going on with Rachel has nothing to do with how I feel about you.

**Mona:** Yeah? Well you still [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulda\|shoulda]] told me.

**Ross:** I know and I was going to, but I thought it was better that you heard it from Rachel’s father. Look I…I made a [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]], but it’s only because I really, really like you. Really!

**Mona:** Okay, I guess you can…close the door now. *(He does so and they kiss.)*

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Forgot my [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]! *(Sees them kissing.)* Oh, you guys made up.

*(To Mona) He’s a good kisser isn’t he? (Ross goes to close the door on her.) I’m going! (Quickly leaves and Ross locks the door.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, the bachelor party has ended and Monica is trying to explain herself to Chandler.

**Monica:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] I didn’t know she was a [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]]! I mean wh—Did you let her [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] in here?

**Chandler:** Her ass print is still on your [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]’s [[Friends-词汇总表#quilt\|quilt]], do you really want to talk about [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]]?

**Monica:** Y’know what? I’m gonna make this up to you. I promised you a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] *(turns on the radio)*, and you’re gonna get a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]]. *(She starts to strip.)*

**Chandler:** Monica! Wait!

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** *(puts on his crown)* Carry on.

*(She does so by taking off her jacket seductively, only she has trouble getting one hand out and slams the jacket on the chair angrily to remove it.)*

**Monica:** Ooh, these [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] are so [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]]. I think I’ll take them off.

*(Goes to do so.)*

**Chandler:** Could you not [[Friends-词汇总表#narrate\|narrate]]?

**Monica:** Gotcha [[Friends-词汇总表#sailor\|sailor]]. *(Kicks one of her shoes off and it lands in the kitchen knocking something down, but she continues to strip.)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is being yelled at by her dad over the phone, and he’s been going on for so long Rachel is holding the phone away from her ear and reading a book.] Dr. Green: (on phone) …just because you’re not in love with the guy you can’t…

**Phoebe:** *(entering, quietly)* Wow, you told your dad the truth.

**Rachel:** About an hour ago.

**Phoebe:** Wanna go see a movie?

**Rachel:** Yes! *(She gets up and sets the phone on the counter without hanging it up.)* Bye daddy. *(Phoebe and her leave.)* Dr. Green: *(on phone, not hearing her)* …there’s gonna be a wedding!

*(Joey enters from his room and goes to get a beer from the fridge.) That’s unacceptable Rachel! What the hell does love have to do with it anyway?! There are more important things in a marriage other than love! (Joey hears something and looks around for the source.) …constantly thinking about things! You have to think about the consequences of your decision. (Joey finds that the sound is coming from the phone and puts it to his ear.)*

**Joey:** *(on phone)* Hey! I do too think about the [[Friends-词汇总表#consequence\|consequences]] of my decisions!

*(Listens) What gives you the right to… (Listens) Go to hell! (Hangs up the phone and opens the fridge.) Stupid guy on my phone.*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（43）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 4 | 296 | 85 | *I’m having dinner with my dad tomorrow night, do you wanna come?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 4 | 228 | 137 | *What Phoebe? Wait! One time he caught me smoking he said if he ever saw me doing that again he’d mak* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 4 | 422 | 131 | *Oh now daddy, stay calm. Please. Dr. Green: Stay calm?!! How do you expect me to stay calm?! This is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *I’m having dinner with my dad tomorrow night, do you wanna come?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *No it’s okay, this is what’s gonna happen. I’m gonna wait a couple years and then the baby will tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *Who? Dr. Green: The wedding! There’s going to be a wedding. Young lady, don’t you sit there and tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *Who? Dr. Green: The wedding! There’s going to be a wedding. Young lady, don’t you sit there and tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Okay, bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Honey! That’s crazy! I don’t want you to get me a stripper…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Well we…we still hang out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 2 | 102 | 59 | *I’d better go.  Just over here: I don’t want to miss the fight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 2 | 115 | 81 | *Ross I’m so sorry. Okay. I-I will promise I will straighten this out with him tomorrow in person, or* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *I don’t care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now she’s totally freaked out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *‘Cause I know he’s gonna flip out and I hate it when he’s angry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *What Phoebe? Wait! One time he caught me smoking he said if he ever saw me doing that again he’d mak* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *I’m sorry, they surprised me. There was nothing I could do!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party, but no, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party, but no, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Why, so he can get mad at the baby?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Hey, that is the…baby’s problem.  Oh, everything okay with the waiter? Dr. Green: I have no idea, I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Oh hey, thanks again for showing me your semi-precious stone collection. It was amazing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Look, I appreciate it, but uh, it’s a little creepy. Y’know? I’m not a bachelor anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Thank you. All right, now who else do you want to invite?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *It’s Lafite. The ’74 Latour is actually drinking quite nicely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *All right here he comes. I’m gonna do this, I’m gonna tell him, I’m gonna be strong. Dr. Green: I ju* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *How does it feel knowing you’re never gonna be with another woman again huh? Knowing you’re gonna ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *So which one of you lucky boys is Chandler?* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Joey Tribbiani, a big fan.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *That was weird.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Aw forget it, it’s from Pier One.  Sorry.  Dr. Green: You think you can knock up my daughter and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Aw forget it, it’s from Pier One.  Sorry.  Dr. Green: You think you can knock up my daughter and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *But I didn’t want to. Dr. Green: Well why not? So you can spend your time with this tramp?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Wait! Wait! Maybe she’s a hooker and a stripper, but she got confused about what she’s supposed to d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Maybe Monica’s playing a joke on ya. Y’know? Getting her own husband a hooker, that’s pretty funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *I bet Ross was in on it too. I mean he was conveniently busy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Oh actually, I’d rather you…Yeah, go ahead. We’re gonna have to burn that room down anyway.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *No! No! No! No! No! I-I-I-I—I need to, I need to lie down.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Oh my God Stu! I-I can’t believe you did this! Now are you absolutely sure she’s a hooker?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *She’s a hooker! She’s a hooker! She’s a…  Hi! Uh, we spoke on the phone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *I don’t care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now she’s totally freaked out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Oh good, you’re here. Yeah, and I was worried that it was going to be uncomfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Okay. Um…But—Okay, yes Ross and I used to date. And yes we are gonna have a baby. But we are definit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Okay, I guess you can…close the door now.* |

### 常用词（64）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 4 | 118 | 49 | *No Phoebe! I just need you there for support. I haven’t told him I’m pregnant yet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 3 | 55 | 42 | *Oh now daddy, stay calm. Please. Dr. Green: Stay calm?!! How do you expect me to stay calm?! This is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 3 | 68 | 42 | *Maybe Monica’s playing a joke on ya. Y’know? Getting her own husband a hooker, that’s pretty funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 2 | 69 | 27 | *What Phoebe? Wait! One time he caught me smoking he said if he ever saw me doing that again he’d mak* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 2 | 70 | 43 | *Your ’74 Lafite sir. Dr. Green: ’74?! I ordered the ’75! That’s a magnificent wine! The ’74 is sewag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] | /'weitә/ | n. 侍者 | n. a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant) | 2 | 30 | 18 | *Your ’74 Lafite sir. Dr. Green: ’74?! I ordered the ’75! That’s a magnificent wine! The ’74 is sewag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 2 | 60 | 45 | *This was such a huge mistake. I can’t tell him Phoebe. I can’t, I can’t, I can’t, I can’t…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 2 | 30 | 24 | *I understand: who would cancel an actual date to go to a fake bachelor party?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 2 | 28 | 25 | *I’m sorry I won’t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I’m really busy that day. Yeah, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panic]] | /'pænik/ | n. 恐慌, 惊慌 | n. an overwhelming feeling of fear and anxiety | 2 | 13 | 10 | *I know. I know. I panicked, I panicked. I didn’t want him to start yelling at me like I was some ’74* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 2 | 47 | 36 | *I know. I know. I panicked, I panicked. I didn’t want him to start yelling at me like I was some ’74* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 2 | 53 | 46 | *Look, look let’s pretend it’s a real bachelor party. Okay? Y’know? Before your wedding. Come on, it’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 2 | 64 | 45 | *So is that a bedroom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 2 | 57 | 29 | *Aw forget it, it’s from Pier One.  Sorry.  Dr. Green: You think you can knock up my daughter and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|strip]] | /strip/ | n. 长条, 条状, 带, 脱衣舞 | n. a relatively long narrow piece of something | 2 | 27 | 10 | *Could be. I mean technically she did strip, we just, we just missed it.  Ma’am, are you also a strip* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 2 | 31 | 26 | *I was going to tell you, but… Dr. Green: But what?! You figured you’d get what you wanted and then d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 2 | 62 | 47 | *All right, I promise. I’ll fix this. I swear. I’ll-I’ll-I’ll-I’ll talk to her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicate]] | /'kɒmplikeit/ | vt. 弄复杂, 使错综, 使恶化 | v. make more complicated | 2 | 25 | 21 | *Y’know, I-I-I just…I don’t want to get in the middle of something so complicated.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *‘Cause I know he’s gonna flip out and I hate it when he’s angry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *‘Cause I know he’s gonna flip out and I hate it when he’s angry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Gosh. I’m not gonna let that man make you eat your baby.  Oh. Hey! Who is that guy? I think I know h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Your secret bachelorette party…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1 | 24 | 17 | *She untied his G-string with her teeth.  Somebody stop me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *I thought we weren’t gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties! Y’know, we agreed that it was a silly* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]] | /.ʌn'fєә/ | a. 不公平的, 不正直的, 不正当的 | a. not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception | 1 | 18 | 16 | *This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party, but no, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 1 | 35 | 21 | *You went home with the waitress.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *I can’t believe you didn’t tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and hones* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Ugh, I knew giving you that book was gonna come back and bite me in the ass!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *Oh, I-I don’t eat meat. Dr. Green: It’s chicken.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *Oh, I-I don’t eat meat. Dr. Green: It’s chicken.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *Your ’74 Lafite sir. Dr. Green: ’74?! I ordered the ’75! That’s a magnificent wine! The ’74 is sewag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *In case you didn’t notice, that is a scary man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|piss]] | /pis/ | vi. 小便, 下大雨, 抱怨 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 14 | 13 | *He’s right though, the ’74 is absolute piss.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Who? Dr. Green: The wedding! There’s going to be a wedding. Young lady, don’t you sit there and tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] | /'lektʃә/ | n. 演讲, 谴责, 讲稿 | n. a speech that is open to the public | 1 | 15 | 10 | *So it was really cool seeing you lecture today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *Oh thanks. Although it kinda seemed like you were falling asleep there a little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] | /skєә/ | n. 惊吓, 恐慌 | n. a sudden attack of fear | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Well I…I haven’t actually told her yet. I don’t want to scare her off, y’know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] | /'ɒnist/ | a. 诚实的, 坦直的, 可靠的 | a. not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent | 1 | 29 | 26 | *Well, you have to honest with her! Otherwise you may think that you’re going down the same path, but* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *I’m gonna take that book and beat you to death with it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Look, I appreciate it, but uh, it’s a little creepy. Y’know? I’m not a bachelor anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] | /'kri:pi/ | a. 爬行的, 令人毛骨悚然的 | s. annoying and unpleasant | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Look, I appreciate it, but uh, it’s a little creepy. Y’know? I’m not a bachelor anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] | /æni'vә:sәri/ | n. 周年纪念 | n. the date on which an event occurred in some previous year (or the celebration | 1 | 39 | 11 | *So don’t think of it as a bachelor party, think of it as a…a two month anniversary present.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *Ah, no-no-no just Ross. Ross and Joey is embarrassing enough.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 1 | 51 | 37 | *I understand: who would cancel an actual date to go to a fake bachelor party?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *So you uh, nervous about getting married?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *How does it feel knowing you’re never gonna be with another woman again huh? Knowing you’re gonna ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *All right, whenever you’re ready.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *Oh wow! So, you’re more than just dinosaurs.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Aw forget it, it’s from Pier One.  Sorry.  Dr. Green: You think you can knock up my daughter and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 1 | 36 | 29 | *Oh but not that way. I mean…I mean I’m not in love with her. I love her like a, like a friend. Dr. G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Oh but not that way. I mean…I mean I’m not in love with her. I love her like a, like a friend. Dr. G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Wait! Wait! Maybe she’s a hooker and a stripper, but she got confused about what she’s supposed to d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Could be. I mean technically she did strip, we just, we just missed it.  Ma’am, are you also a strip* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1 | 152 | 44 | *That is funny, maybe for my birthday she’ll murder someone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *Oh actually, I’d rather you…Yeah, go ahead. We’re gonna have to burn that room down anyway.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *Oh actually, I’d rather you…Yeah, go ahead. We’re gonna have to burn that room down anyway.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *Either that or she’s just the best, most expensive date I ever had.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *This is the worst bachelor party ever!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *Oh good, you’re here. Yeah, and I was worried that it was going to be uncomfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *I mean he was possessive, he was jealous, he could never just let the little things go!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Forgot my purse!  Oh, you guys made up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Her ass print is still on your grandmother’s quilt, do you really want to talk about smoking?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Ooh, these tennis shoes are so tight. I think I’ll take them off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gotcha\|gotcha]] | /'^ɔtʃә/ | <口>=(I have)got you |  | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Gotcha sailor.* |

### 低频词（61）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hooker\|hooker]] | /'hukә/ | n. 用钩子的人, 渔船 | n. United States general in the Union Army who was defeated at Chancellorsville  | 12 | 22 | 8 | *Yeah, that’s one naked hooker!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelor\|bachelor]] | /'bætʃәlә/ | n. 单身汉, 学士 | n. a man who has never been married | 9 | 22 | 5 | *I thought we weren’t gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties! Y’know, we agreed that it was a silly* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] | /'stripә/ | n. 剥...的人, 刮毛器, 折卸器, 剥皮器, 露天矿矿工, 低产井, 枯竭井 | n. a chemical compound used to remove paint or varnish | 7 | 27 | 8 | *Oh my God!!! Monica!! He’s the stripper from your bachelorette party!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelorette\|bachelorette]] | /,bætʃәlә'ret/ | n. 未婚女子 | n a young unmarried woman who lives alone | 4 | 7 | 3 | *Oh my God!!! Monica!! He’s the stripper from your bachelorette party!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poppy\|poppy]] | /'pɒpi/ | n. 罂粟 | n. annual or biennial or perennial herbs having showy flowers | 3 | 4 | 2 | *No, it’s Ross. It’s Ross. You like Ross.  Oh daddy, I hope you’re okay with all of this. I mean thin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#untie\|untie]] | /.ʌn'tai/ | vt. 解开 | v. undo the ties of | 2 | 2 | 1 | *She untied his G-string with her teeth.  Somebody stop me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tradition\|tradition]] | /trә'diʃәn/ | n. 传说, 传统, 交付 | n. an inherited pattern of thought or action | 2 | 8 | 7 | *I thought we weren’t gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties! Y’know, we agreed that it was a silly* |
| lafite |  | [网络] 拉菲；拉斐；拉菲堡 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Your ’74 Lafite sir. Dr. Green: ’74?! I ordered the ’75! That’s a magnificent wine! The ’74 is sewag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sewage\|sewage]] | /'sju:idʒ/ | n. 脏水, 污水 | n. waste matter carried away in sewers or drains | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Your ’74 Lafite sir. Dr. Green: ’74?! I ordered the ’75! That’s a magnificent wine! The ’74 is sewag* |
| tivo |  | abbr. 美国电视录制技术公司；硬盘数字录像机 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well… Umm, I got TiVo. Dr. Green: What’s TiVo?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandchild\|grandchild]] | /'^rændtʃaild/ | n. 孙, 外孙女, 外孙, 孙女, 孙子 | n. a child of your son or daughter | 2 | 8 | 6 | *No, it’s Ross. It’s Ross. You like Ross.  Oh daddy, I hope you’re okay with all of this. I mean thin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#latour\|latour]] |  | n. (Latour)人名；(英、法、意、毛里求)拉图尔；(波)拉托尔 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I know. I know. I panicked, I panicked. I didn’t want him to start yelling at me like I was some ’74* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plaza\|plaza]] | /'plɑ:zә/ | n. 广场, 市场, 购物区 | n. a public square with room for pedestrians | 2 | 7 | 4 | *Yeah? Dr. Green: I think I may be able to book The Plaza on short notice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tramp\|tramp]] | /træmp/ | n. 坚实(或沉重)的脚步声, 流浪者 | n. a disreputable vagrant | 2 | 3 | 2 | *But I didn’t want to. Dr. Green: Well why not? So you can spend your time with this tramp?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#papa\|papa]] | /pә'pɑ:/ | n. 爸爸 | n an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh Rachel, this is all so ‘Papa don’t preach.’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steak\|steak]] | /steik/ | n. 牛排, 鱼排, 肉排 | n. a slice of meat cut from the fleshy part of an animal or large fish | 1 | 13 | 9 | *This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party, but no, I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillar\|pillar]] | /'pilә/ | n. 柱子, 栋梁, 台柱, 重要的支持者 | n. a fundamental principle or practice | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I can’t believe you didn’t tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and hones* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#openness\|openness]] | /'әupәnnis/ | n. 公开；宽阔；率真 | n. without obstructions to passage or view | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I can’t believe you didn’t tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and hones* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honesty\|honesty]] | /'ɒnisti/ | n. 诚实, 公正, 正直 | n. the quality of being honest | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I can’t believe you didn’t tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and hones* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magnificent\|magnificent]] | /mæg'nifisnt/ | a. 华丽的, 高尚的, 宏伟的 | s characterized by grandeur | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Your ’74 Lafite sir. Dr. Green: ’74?! I ordered the ’75! That’s a magnificent wine! The ’74 is sewag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolute\|absolute]] | /'æbsәlu:t/ | a. 绝对的, 专制的, 完全的, 独立的 | n. something that is conceived or that exists independently and not in relation  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *He’s right though, the ’74 is absolute piss.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slang\|slang]] | /slæŋ/ | n. 俚语 | n. informal language consisting of words and expressions that are not considered | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s slang for pregnant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sum\|sum]] | /sʌm/ | n. 总数, 总和, 金额, 概要, 顶点 | n. a quantity of money | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well uh, yes and no. Except not no. So to sum it up, yeah. Dr. Green: Who is the father? Oh no! Plea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#karen\|karen]] | /'kɑ:rәn/ | n. 凯伦（人名）；克伦邦（缅甸邦名） | n. the Tibeto-Burman language spoken in the Thailand and Burmese borderlands | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Who? Dr. Green: The wedding! There’s going to be a wedding. Young lady, don’t you sit there and tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]] | /'kɒnsәntreit/ | n. 浓缩, 精选 | n. a concentrated form of a foodstuff; the bulk is reduced by removing water | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh no-no, I-I had my eyes closed so I could concentrate and y’know take it all in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fame\|fame]] | /feim/ | n. 名望, 名声, 传说 | n. the state or quality of being widely honored and acclaimed | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a stripper to come dance for you. Am I goi* |
| lapdance | /'læp.dɑːns/ | [网络] 膝上舞；上大跳膝舞；成一家膝上舞 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sure, one year is paper, but two months is lapdance!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imaginary\|imaginary]] | /i'mædʒinәri/ | a. 想像的, 虚构的, 假想的 | n (mathematics) a number of the form a+bi where a and b are real numbers and i i | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I’m sorry I won’t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I’m really busy that day. Yeah, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unicorn\|unicorn]] | /'ju:nikɔ:n/ | n. 似马的独角兽 | n. an imaginary creature represented as a white horse with a long horn growing f | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m sorry I won’t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I’m really busy that day. Yeah, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baptism\|baptism]] | /'bæptizm/ | n. 浸礼, 洗礼 | n. a Christian sacrament signifying spiritual cleansing and rebirth | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m sorry I won’t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I’m really busy that day. Yeah, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leprechaun\|leprechaun]] | /'leprәkɒ:n/ | n. 矮妖精 | n. a mischievous elf in Irish folklore | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m sorry I won’t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I’m really busy that day. Yeah, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mitzvah\|mitzvah]] | /mits'vɑ:/ | n. 戒律, 善行 | n. (Judaism) a precept or commandment of the Jewish law | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’m sorry I won’t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I’m really busy that day. Yeah, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nicely\|nicely]] | /'naisli/ | adv. 漂亮地, 谨慎地, 恰好地 | r. in a nice way | 1 | 4 | 4 | *It’s Lafite. The ’74 Latour is actually drinking quite nicely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unacceptable\|unacceptable]] | /.ʌnәk'septәbl/ | a. 无法接受的, 不受欢迎的 | s. not adequate to give satisfaction | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh now daddy, stay calm. Please. Dr. Green: Stay calm?!! How do you expect me to stay calm?! This is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punk\|punk]] | /pʌnk/ | n. 废物, 小阿飞 | n. substance that smolders when ignited; used to light fuses (especially firewor | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh now daddy, stay calm. Please. Dr. Green: Stay calm?!! How do you expect me to stay calm?! This is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eighteenth\|eighteenth]] | /ei'ti:nθ/ | num. 第十八, 十八分之一 | n. position 18 in a countable series of things | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh that’s an eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#artifact\|artifact]] | /'ɑ:tifækt/ | n. 人工制品 | n. a man-made object taken as a whole | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh that’s an eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calcutta\|calcutta]] | /kæl'kʌtә/ | n. 加尔各答 | n the largest city in India and one of the largest cities in the world; located  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh that’s an eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pier\|pier]] | /piә/ | n. 码头, 桥墩, 支框, 防波堤 | n. a platform built out from the shore into the water and supported by piles; pr | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Aw forget it, it’s from Pier One.  Sorry.  Dr. Green: You think you can knock up my daughter and the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refuse\|refuse]] | /ri'fju:z/ | vt. 拒绝, 谢绝 | v. show unwillingness towards | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh but not that way. I mean…I mean I’m not in love with her. I love her like a, like a friend. Dr. G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handcuff\|handcuff]] | /'hændkʌf/ | vt. 给...戴上手铐 | n. shackle that consists of a metal loop that can be locked around the wrist; us | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Uh, no. But I could pretend to strip, but that’s gonna cost extra. Okay, here’s the extras, handcuff* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]] | /'mә:dә/ | n. 谋杀 | n. unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being | 1 | 7 | 6 | *That is funny, maybe for my birthday she’ll murder someone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conveniently\|conveniently]] |  | a. 方便, 合宜 | r in a convenient manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I bet Ross was in on it too. I mean he was conveniently busy.* |
| stu | /stju:/ | n. 斯图（男子名, 等于Stuart） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my God Stu! I-I can’t believe you did this! Now are you absolutely sure she’s a hooker?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sexually\|sexually]] |  | adv. 性别地；两性之间地 | r. with respect to sexuality | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Maybe she wants you to learn something. Huh? Now is there anything you’re really bad at y’know, sexu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scissor\|scissor]] | /'sizә/ | vt. 剪, 剪取, 删除, 削减 | v. cut with or as if with scissors | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the whore to leave!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whore\|whore]] | /hɒ:/ | n. 娼妓 | v. work as a prostitute | 1 | 10 | 6 | *All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the whore to leave!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inseparable\|inseparable]] | /in'sepәrәbl/ | a. 不能分的 | s. not capable of being separated | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Not like we used to. Remember? You and me used to be inseparable. Y’know now it’s like…things are di* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rob\|rob]] | /rɒb/ | v. 抢夺, 抢掠, 剥夺 | v. take something away by force or without the consent of the owner | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Oh God! Listen, I am this close to robbing you guys.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasant\|pleasant]] | /'pleznt/ | a. 愉快的, 可爱的, 活泼的, 亲切的 | a. affording pleasure; being in harmony with your taste or likings | 1 | 6 | 6 | *So your dad dropped by. He’s a pleasant man!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#straighten\|straighten]] | /'streitn/ | vt. 弄直, 整顿, 清理, 使改正 | v. straighten up or out; make straight | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ross I’m so sorry. Okay. I-I will promise I will straighten this out with him tomorrow in person, or* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possessive\|possessive]] | /pә'zesiv/ | n. 所有格 | a. serving to express or indicate possession | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean he was possessive, he was jealous, he could never just let the little things go!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentle\|gentle]] | /'dʒentl/ | a. 温和的, 文雅的 | v. stroke soothingly | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Right! But, none of that compared to how kind and-and how gentle and thoughtful he is.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thoughtful\|thoughtful]] | /'θɒ:tful/ | a. 深思的, 体贴的 | s. having intellectual depth | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Right! But, none of that compared to how kind and-and how gentle and thoughtful he is.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baggage\|baggage]] | /'bægidʒ/ | n. 行李 | n. cases used to carry belongings when traveling | 1 | 4 | 3 | *I know, I get it, but Mona, what relationship is not complicated? I mean we all have our baggage! Yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulda\|shoulda]] | /'ʃudә/ | <美俚>= should have |  | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah? Well you still shoulda told me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quilt\|quilt]] | /kwilt/ | n. 棉被 | n. bedding made of two layers of cloth filled with stuffing and stitched togethe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Her ass print is still on your grandmother’s quilt, do you really want to talk about smoking?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] | /'tenis/ | n. 网球 | n. a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back and for | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Ooh, these tennis shoes are so tight. I think I’ll take them off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#narrate\|narrate]] | /nә'reit/ | v. 说故事, 说明, 叙述 | v. provide commentary for a film, for example | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Could you not narrate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sailor\|sailor]] | /'seilә/ | n. 水手, 船员, 海员 | n. any member of a ship's crew | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Gotcha sailor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#consequence\|consequence]] | /'kɒnsikwәns/ | n. 结果, 重要性 | n. a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey! I do too think about the consequences of my decisions!* |
