---
season: 8
episode: "06"
title: "The One With The Halloween Party"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S08E06 — The One With The Halloween Party

*Written by: Mark Kunerth*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there as Chandler and Monica enter. Oh, and Joey is wearing a FDNY T-shirt to make this the first nod to the tragedy that Friends have made.

**Monica:** Hey you guys?

**Ross:** What?

**Monica:** I know it’s last minute, but we [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to have a Halloween party.

**Phoebe:** Oh good! *(And there’s general excitement.)*

**Monica:** And everybody has to wear [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costumes]]. *(And there’s general disconcertment.)* Come on! It’ll be fun!

**Ross:** Well, I’ll-I’ll be there. I mean I have to wear a [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] to all my classes that day anyway so…

**Rachel:** Please tell me you’re not gonna dress up like a [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]].

**Ross:** *(exhales sarcastically)* Not two years in a [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]].

**Joey:** Look, I’ll come to the party but I’m not dressing up.

**Monica:** You have to!

**Joey:** No way! Look, Halloween is so stupid! Dressing up, [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]] to be someone you’re not…

**Chandler:** You’re an actor!

**Monica:** So Ross, are you gonna bring Mona?

**Ross:** Yeah. Yeah, I think I will.

**Joey:** That hot girl from their wedding?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costumes]], she could be a [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] model, or a [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]], or a sexy [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] huh—Ooh-ooh, Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre—No-no-no! Slutty Leatherface.

**Phoebe:** Now wasn’t Joey hitting on her at the wedding too?

**Ross:** That’s right! He was hitting on her, and I got her. I guess the better man won. *(To Joey)* Please don’t take her from me.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: A Street, Phoebe is walking down it and passes Ursula.

**Phoebe:** Ursula! *(Ursula turns, smiles, and continues walking.)* Wait! Err-err, it’s me! Phoebe!

**Ursula:** Oh, I thought there was a [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] there. Okay, bye-bye. *(Starts to walk again.)*

**Phoebe:** Wait a second! So, what’s new with you?

**Ursula:** Umm, nothing. I mean, I’m getting married next week.

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Ursula:** Yeah! Yeah, it’s gonna be a small [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]]. Just family. *(Phoebe looks at her.)* His.

**Phoebe:** Huh. Okay. Well, I’m really happy for you. *(Starts to walk away.)*

**Ursula:** Wait! If umm, if you want to come, I guess that’d be okay.

**Phoebe:** Really?

**Ursula:** Sure! Why not? You could be my sister for the day.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. Okay. Umm, y’know, my friends are having a Halloween party tonight at my old apartment so, you could come. Maybe I could meet the guy you’re marrying.

**Ursula:** Huh. Well, I’m supposed to be working at the restaurant tonight. I’m supposed to be working right now, so who cares.

**Phoebe:** By the way, it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] party.

**Ursula:** Oh! Okay, so that’s why you’re… *(Motions to what she’s wearing.)*

**Phoebe:** *(looks down)* No. But thanks. *(Walks away.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, The Halloween party has started. Monica is setting out some food as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Monica:** Wait! You’re supposed to wear a [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]]!

**Rachel:** I am! I am a woman who spent a lot of money on a dress and she wants to wear it, because soon she won’t be able to fit into it.

**Monica:** Oh.

**Rachel:** Ahh!

**Monica:** I’m Catwoman, who wants to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] the dress when you’re too big for it.

**Rachel:** Okay.

*(There’s a knock on the door.)*

**Kids:** Trick or [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]]!

**Rachel:** Oh! Oh! Can I give out the [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]]? I really want to be with the kids right now. Y’know, ever since I got [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] I-I have the [[Friends-词汇总表#strongest\|strongest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#maternal\|maternal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#instinct\|instincts]].

**Kids:** Trick or [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]]!!

**Rachel:** *(to them)* Just a minute!!! *(She takes the candy and opens the door to two parents, a witch, a clown, and a cowgirl.)* Look at you guys! Wow! You are a very [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] [[Friends-词汇总表#witch\|witch]]. *(Gives her candy.)*

**Witch:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** And you are a very funny [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]]. *(Gives him candy.)*

**Clown:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** *(to the cowgirl)* And you are so in style right now. Y’know, I work at Ralph Lauren and the whole fall line has got this like [[Friends-词汇总表#equestrian\|equestrian]] theme going on. I don’t suppose you saw the cover of British Vogue, but…

**Cowgirl:** *(interrupting)* Can I just have the [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]]?

**Rachel:** Yeah. Sure. *(Throws some in her bag and she walks away as Phoebe, dressed as Supergirl walks up and eyes Monica who eyes her back.)*

**Phoebe:** Ah, Catwoman. So we meet again.

**Monica:** So we do Supergirl.

**Phoebe:** No, it’s me. Phoebe!

**Chandler:** *(entering from the bedroom wearing a big, pink bunny costume)* Monica! Can I talk to you for a second? Listen, I [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] you getting me the [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]]…

**Rachel:** *(To Monica)* Oh, you did this to him?

**Monica:** What?! I thought he’d love it! His favorite kid's book was the Velveteen Rabbit!

**Chandler:** The Velveteen Rabbit was brown and white!

**Monica:** Well, it was either a pink [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] or no bunny at all.

**Chandler:** No [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] at all!! Always no bunny at all!!!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** You didn’t dress up either?!

**Joey:** Yes I did! I’m Chandler. *(Looks at Chandler)* Dude, what happened?

**Chandler:** How is that me?

**Joey:** Okay. I’m Chandler *(makes a growling/gurgling sound at the end and the girls laugh.)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Chandler)* That is so you!

**Chandler:** When have I ever done that?!

**Joey:** When have I ever done that?! *(And does the sound again.)*

*(There’s a knock on the door.)*

**Girl:** Trick or [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]]!

**Rachel:** Oh! *(Opens the door to reveal a ballerina)* Well you’re just the [[Friends-词汇总表#prettiest\|prettiest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ballerina\|ballerina]] I’ve ever seen.

**Ballerina:** Thank you. *(Pirouettes.)*

**Rachel:** Oh wow! That [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserves]] another piece of [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]].

**Ballerina:** Thank you. *(Does another ballerina move.)*

**Rachel:** Well, I have to say that [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earns]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tutu\|tutu]] pieces of [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]].

**Ballerina:** I love you! *(Hugs Rachel.)*

**Rachel:** Ohh… Oh, honey here. Take it all. *(Pours the entire large bowl into her bag and closes the door.)* Monica! We need more [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]]?

**Monica:** What?! There’s only been like four kids.

**Rachel:** Yeah I know, but one of them just said that she loved me so I just gave her everything.

**Phoebe:** No wonder your [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey! *(He’s wearing a costume as well.)*

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Monica:** What are you supposed to be?

**Ross:** Remember the Russian satellite, Sputnik? *(They all look at him.)* Well, I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] or a…[[Friends-词汇总表#spud\|spud]]. And these are my [[Friends-词汇总表#antenna\|antennae]]. *(Points to the colander with an old TV antenna glued on top that he’s wearing.)* So Sputnik, becomes…

*(They’re still confused) Spud-nik. Spudnik!*

**Chandler:** Wow! I don’t have the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] anymore!

**Joey:** *(sees Ross)* Hey all right, Ross came as [[Friends-词汇总表#doody\|doody]].

**Ross:** No, I-I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#doody\|doody]].

**Monica:** No, space [[Friends-词汇总表#doody\|doody]]!

*(Joey gives him the okay symbol, and Ross rushes towards him to be stopped by Chandler. Meanwhile, Phoebe goes over to the snack table as some guy, which turns out to be Ursula's fiance Eric, walks in and smacks her butt.)*

**Eric:** Aren’t you gonna give me a kiss?

**Phoebe:** Okay, I will. But right after you tell me who the hell you are.

**Eric:** Ursula?

**Phoebe:** Ursula’s [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]]?

**Eric:** Oh my God, you’re the sister!

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Eric:** Okay, I just [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slapped]] my future sister-in-law’s ass.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Eric:** I’m an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]]. Uh, is your mother here? Maybe I can give her a little [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]].

**Phoebe:** My mother killed [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]].

**Eric:** She, now I knew that and…now I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweating]]. Look at me, I’m really sweating—Now I’m saying, "Look at me," I’m getting even [[Friends-词汇总表#sweatier\|sweatier]]. I think I probably should go.

**Phoebe:** No-no! That’s okay, we’ll just start over. Okay? Hi! I’m Phoebe.

**Eric:** Eric. *(They shake hands and he’s squinting. And, no, it’s not me.)*

**Phoebe:** Why are you looking at me like that?

**Eric:** ‘Cause the [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]]’s getting in my eyes and its [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burning]].

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(Hands him a napkin.)* So, what are you?

**Eric:** I don’t think they have a name for it. It’s just I get [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]]; I start [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweating]] like crazy.

**Phoebe:** *(laughs)* No I-I meant your [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]].

**Eric:** Oh umm, I’m the [[Friends-词汇总表#solar\|solar]] system. *(He’s wearing a black sweater with the planets glued on around the sun.)* Yeah, my students helped me make it—I [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] the second grade.

**Phoebe:** I love the second grade!

**Eric:** Really?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! It’s so much better than first grade when you don’t know what’s going on and definitely better than third grade. Y’know with all the politics and mind games.

**Eric:** So what do you do?

**Phoebe:** Umm, I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#masseuse\|masseuse]]…by day. *(Stands with her hands on her hips like a Supergirl pose.)*

**Eric:** Y’know you don’t have to stand here with me, believe me…

**Phoebe:** No I’m having fun. I’m really—And I’m really-really excited for you and Ursula.

**Eric:** Oh I feel very lucky, she’s great. I think she’s the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.

**Phoebe:** Thank you.


> [!scene] Time lapse, Monica is going over to talk to Joey.

**Monica:** Hey Joey?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Monica:** You read [[Friends-词汇总表#comic\|comic]] books right?

**Joey:** Exclusively.

**Monica:** Who do you think would win in a fight, Catwoman or Supergirl?

**Joey:** Catwoman, hands down.

**Monica:** Yeah…

**Joey:** But between you and Phoebe, I’d have to give the edge to Phoebe.

**Monica:** What?! Really?!

**Joey:** Are you kiddin’? Phoebe lived on the street. Okay? Plus, she’s got this crazy [[Friends-词汇总表#temper\|temper]]. She—She’s not standing right behind me is she?

**Monica:** No you’re fine. *(Joey checks anyway.)* All right well, do you think I could take Rachel?

**Joey:** I’m not sure.

**Monica:** What?! Come on I am [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]]! Punch me right here! *(Her stomach)* As hard as you can!

**Joey:** Will you relax?! What are you taking this so seriously for? It doesn’t matter.

**Monica:** Oh really? Okay? Well what would you say if I told you that, y’know, Ross or Chandler could [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] you up?

**Joey:** I would say, "Woman, please!"

**Phoebe:** *(walking over)* Hey. Ursula’s [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]] is really sweet! He’s a teacher, he does all this [[Friends-词汇总表#volunteer\|volunteer]] work. Y’know [[Friends-词汇总表#normally\|normally]] y’know, I don’t like really [[Friends-词汇总表#sweaty\|sweaty]] guys. But this one? I could just [[Friends-词汇总表#mop\|mop]] him up!

**Monica:** Oh my God, Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** What?

**Monica:** You’re getting a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on your sister’s [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]].

**Phoebe:** No I’m not! You are!

**Joey:** *(To Monica)* Here comes the [[Friends-词汇总表#temper\|temper]].

*(There’s a knock on the door and Rachel opens it to a little girl.)*

**Girl:** Trick or [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]]!

**Rachel:** Hi! Y’know what honey, we’re actually out of [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] right now. But someone just went out to get some and I have been giving out money but I’m out of that too. Hey, can I write you a check?

**Girl:** Okay!

**Rachel:** Okay, what’s your name?

**Girl:** Lelani Mayolanofavich.

**Rachel:** Okay, I’m just gonna write this out to cash.

**Mona:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Rachel:** Hey Mona!

**Chandler:** Oh! Hi!

**Mona:** Hi!

**Chandler:** Joey’s gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#thrill\|thrilled]]! He was hoping you’d come by as a [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]].

**Mona:** Umm, actually I’m just a [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]].

**Chandler:** You’d think that would [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] me, but you see I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#maxed\|maxed]] out.

**Ross:** Hey!

**Mona:** Hi!

**Ross:** You made it!

**Mona:** Wait-wait! You’re umm, you’re a [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]]…

**Ross:** Well, I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#spud\|spud]]…

**Mona:** And the [[Friends-词汇总表#antenna\|antennae]]…Oh my God you’re Spudnik!

**Ross:** Yes!

**Chandler:** *(To Ross)* Marry her.


> [!scene] Cut to Joey and Monica.

**Joey:** Okay, here’s a good one for ya. Who do think would win in a fight between Ross and Chandler.

**Monica:** I can’t answer that! Chandler’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]].

**Joey:** So Ross?

**Monica:** Yeah.


> [!scene] Cut to Phoebe and Eric.

**Eric:** Hey beautiful.

**Phoebe:** Hello [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]]. *(Sees Ursula over her shoulder)* Oh God. *(Walks away in shame as they kiss.)* Oh look at you two. So when did you guys meet?

**Eric:** Two weeks ago.

**Phoebe:** Two weeks? That’s it?

**Eric:** Yeah, I know it sounds crazy, and it’s not like me to do something so [[Friends-词汇总表#impulsive\|impulsive]], but she’s just so perfect, and we have so much in common.

**Phoebe:** Oh really?

**Eric:** We’re both teachers.

**Phoebe:** Huh? *(Ursula motions for Phoebe to keep quiet.)*

**Eric:** And we were both in the Peace Corps.

**Phoebe:** Peace Corps, really? *(Ursula motions, "I don’t know.")*

**Eric:** In fact when we were building houses in Uruguay, we were, we were just two towns [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] and we never met.

**Ursula:** Yeah. It wasn’t a town when I got there, but it was a town when I left. *(To Eric)* Shall we get me really drunk?

**Eric:** Sure.

*(They walk away.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Mona and Ross walking past Chandler.

**Chandler:** Howdy [[Friends-词汇总表#doody\|doody]].

**Ross:** That’s funny. Yeah. Y’know you’re the [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] man here in a pink [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] his wife made him wear.

**Chandler:** Oh relax man, relax. You’re looking a little [[Friends-词汇总表#flush\|flushed]].

**Joey:** *(To Monica)* Hey-hey-hey, I think we might find out the answer to our question.

**Chandler:** What question?

**Joey:** Monica and I were talking about who could kick whose ass in a fight, you or Ross?

**Chandler:** There’s no question.

**Joey:** So you think Ross too?

*(Monica turns around slowly.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* You picked Ross?!

**Monica:** Ross is really strong! Okay, he’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#strongest\|strongest]] out of all three of you! *(Joey looks at her.)* Except for Joey.

**Chandler:** I cannot believe you didn’t pick me.

**Ross:** Uh, in her defense, she’s right. I am [[Friends-词汇总表#stronger\|stronger]]. I would [[Friends-词汇总表#destroy\|destroy]] you.

**Chandler:** Oh really?! You think you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#stronger\|stronger]]? Why don’t you [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] it? *(He pushes Ross who starts to fall backwards until Mona catches him.)*

**Ross:** Oh I’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] it! I’ll prove it like a [[Friends-词汇总表#theorem\|theorem]]!!

*(They start to fight with Ross pulling on Chandler’s ears and Chandler hitting Ross over the head with his carrot.)*

**Monica:** Wait-wait!! Okay, stop it! Stop it! Stop! *(Breaks it up.)* Now listen, no one’s gonna fight in this apartment.

**Joey:** Hey Monica! *(Grabs her and pulls her into the living room.)* People came to see a fight, let’s give ‘em what they came for!

**Mona:** Hey, you guys could [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestle]].

**Joey:** Yeah. Listen to the [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]].

**Chandler:** *(To Ross)* You’re going down.

**Ross:** Oh yeah? You’re going further down! Downtown!

**Joey:** Seriously guys, the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] talk is [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]].


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, the party continues with Rachel leaning on the counter as Gunther walks in carrying candy.

**Rachel:** Oh Gunther! You brought [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]]! Thank you so much for [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] this up! You are so sweet.

**Gunther:** Really?

**Rachel:** Honey, [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] you are gonna make some man the [[Friends-词汇总表#luckiest\|luckiest]] guy in the world.

*(There’s a knock on the door.)*

**Kid:** Trick or [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]]!

**Rachel:** Gotta go! *(Opens the door to a boy in a cape.)* Hi! Wow! There you go!

*(Hands him some candy.) Boy in the Cape: My friend Lewis told me you were giving out money.*

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, we were but umm, now we’ve got [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]]. Boy in the Cape: I’d rather have the money.

**Rachel:** Well, that-that’s not your choice. Happy Halloween! Boy in the Cape: This isn’t fair.

**Rachel:** Well is it fair that all you did was put on a [[Friends-词汇总表#cape\|cape]] and I gotta give you free stuff? Boy in the Cape: Shut up!

**Rachel:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up!

*(The gang gets interested now.) Boy in the Cape: You can’t tell me to shut up!*

**Rachel:** Uh, I think I just did. And uh-oh, here it comes again. Shut up!

**Joey:** Rach?

**Rachel:** *(To Joey)* Yeah I know—I’m good—I got it! *(Joey slowly backs away.)* *(To the boy)* Now wait a minute, I’ve got one more thing I have to say to you…oh right! Shut up! Boy in the Cape: You’re a mean old woman. *(Runs away.)*

**Rachel:** No! Wait no! Shut up—I mean don’t cry! Let me get my [[Friends-词汇总表#checkbook\|checkbook]]! *(Grabs her checkbook and runs after him.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Mona and Joey clearing the dining room table for the grudge match between Chandler and Ross.

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* Look honey, you don’t have to do this, okay? It’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] you have inside that means the most to me. You’re [[Friends-词汇总表#loyal\|loyal]], you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]], and you have [[Friends-词汇总表#integrity\|integrity]]! That’s the kind of strength that I want in the man that I love!

**Chandler:** That means nothing to me. *(To Ross)* Come on!


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Phoebe is exiting Monica and Chandler’s, and finds Ursula standing in the hallway smoking.

**Phoebe:** Hi [[Friends-词汇总表#liar\|liar]]!

**Ursula:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Y’know the only reason he’s marrying you is because he thinks all the things you were saying about yourself were true.

**Ursula:** Well they could be true.

**Phoebe:** But they’re not!

**Ursula:** Yeah, it’s a fine line huh?

**Phoebe:** Why are you lying to him?

**Ursula:** I don’t know. He said he did all this stuff and then I said I did it too and he got so excited, it was really fun.

**Eric:** *(entering)* Honey?

**Ursula:** *(waving the cigarette in Phoebe’s face)* It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#filthy\|filthy]], [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgusting]] [[Friends-词汇总表#habit\|habit]] and I want you to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] now!

**Eric:** She’s helped so many people to [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]].

**Ursula:** Y’know, we’d really better get going.

**Eric:** Oh right, you’ve got a church group meeting tonight.

**Ursula:** Right. *(Walks down the stairs.)*

**Eric:** *(To Phoebe)* Well, it was nice meeting you.

**Phoebe:** You too. And Ursula?! It was really nice meeting you tonight!!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Pheebs come on! Bunny vs. Doody! We’re waiting! *(They go inside.)* *(To Chandler and Ross.)* Okay. Okay guys, one match, [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] take all. *(They grasp each other’s hand in preparation for battle.)* Oh wait-wait! What does the [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] get?

**Ross:** Pride.

**Chandler:** And [[Friends-词汇总表#dignity\|dignity]].

**Joey:** *(laughing)* Okay, if you say so. All right, ready? Set! Go!

*(They start wrestling, only they are unable to move either one’s arm despite a huge strain on their faces and a cheering crowd.)*


> [!scene] Time Lapse: the crowd has left and only Mona, Monica, Joey, and Phoebe are still watching to see who will be able to move the other’s arm first. An event that has yet to happen.

**Mona:** *(To Joey)* Wow! They’re both really strong.

**Joey:** Or [[Friends-词汇总表#equally\|equally]] [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]].

**Monica:** *(To Phoebe)* Oh God!

**Phoebe:** Hmm?

**Monica:** Chandler’s making his sex face.

*(Basically Chandler’s face looks like he’s not all there and is staring off into the distance…)*

**Ross:** *(To Chandler)* So, you [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]]’ [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]]?

**Chandler:** Nope! I can do this all day.

**Ross:** Yeah? Me too. *(Pause)* Gettin’ a little [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] though.

**Chandler:** God, I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhausted]].

**Ross:** Look this is starting to look really bad for me. Okay? Mona, Mona’s standing right over there. *(Looks behind him.)* Oh God, she’s talking to Joey! You gotta let me win!

**Chandler:** No way! If anything you’ve gotta let me win! My wife thinks I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#wimp\|wimp]]!

**Ross:** Hey, at least you have a wife! I-I keep getting divorces and [[Friends-词汇总表#knockin\|knockin]]’ people up! And I’m dressed as [[Friends-词汇总表#doody\|doody]].

**Chandler:** You’re Spudnik.

**Ross:** Come on, who are we kidding? I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#doody\|doody]]. Please? She’s watchin’.

**Chandler:** Fine. *(He lets Ross win.)* Oh no!

**Ross:** *(celebrating)* Oh yeah!

**Mona:** *(clapping)* Yay! My [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]]!

**Joey:** *(to her)* You’re a weird lady.

**Eric:** *(entering)* Hey. Ursula said she left her [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]].

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Eric:** *(finds it)* What a [[Friends-词汇总表#relief\|relief]]. It has all the numbers of the people in her [[Friends-词汇总表#prayer\|prayer]] chain.

**Phoebe:** Sure it does. Yeah, yeah.

**Eric:** Well, I guess I’ll see you at the wedding. *(Exits and Phoebe follows him into the hall.)*

**Phoebe:** Umm listen, I don’t think…I don’t think I’m gonna make it to the wedding. So I just want to wish you all the luck in the world.

**Eric:** I think we’ll be okay. Besides it’s so perfect and *(whispering)* she’s been saving [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] for me.

**Phoebe:** Okay I can’t let you do this! She’s lying to you.

**Eric:** What?

**Phoebe:** She is lying! And I bet I can [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] it. Excuse me. *(She grabs Ursula’s purse and starts going through it and finds some papers.)* Okay. Okay. Yeah—Not a [[Friends-词汇总表#prayer\|prayer]] chain, but what looks like a detailed [[Friends-词汇总表#drawing\|drawing]] of a bank floor plan.

*(Holds up her nametag.) Okay, here’s the nametag from the restaurant where she works as a waitress! Not a teacher, a waitress. All right, here’s her driver license, this oughta be good, she always lies about this. How old did she say she was?*

**Eric:** She told me she was 25.

**Phoebe:** Oh, I almost don’t want to show this. *(Hands it to him.)* Just remember I’m a minute [[Friends-词汇总表#younger\|younger]].

**Eric:** I am so stupid. Of course she was lying! She’s not a teacher. There’s not such a thing as the top [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] [[Friends-词汇总表#elementary\|elementary]] school for the children of [[Friends-词汇总表#spy\|spies]].

**Phoebe:** No. You’re not, you’re not stupid.

**Eric:** I’m not smart. *(Phoebe has no comeback.)* I just wanted so much to…be [[Friends-词汇总表#impulsive\|impulsive]] once. To be [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]].

**Phoebe:** That’s good, you should be [[Friends-词汇总表#impulsive\|impulsive]] and you should be [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]]. Just…you did it with the wrong person. *(He looks at her.)* What?

**Eric:** It’s just so weird, two people look so much [[Friends-词汇总表#alike\|alike]], and so different.

**Ursula:** *(yelling from downstairs)* Eric!! Let’s go!!

**Eric:** I’d better go, deal…

**Phoebe:** Yeah, you should. *(They shake hands.)*

**Ursula:** Hurry up I gotta [[Friends-词汇总表#pray\|pray]]!!

*(Phoebe hands Eric Ursula’s purse and he walks away.)*


> [!scene] Time Lapse: Rachel is returning from chasing down the boy in the cape.

**Joey:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hey! Well, I had to give the kid [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] to stop crying.

**Joey:** That’s not so bad.

**Rachel:** No, I also had to go to a couple houses with him as his girlfriend. Oh, I am just [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] with children!

**Joey:** Come on! You’re good with kids. They’re just crazy on Halloween. Y’know, they’re all [[Friends-词汇总表#greedy\|greedy]] and hopped up on [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]]!

**Rachel:** Really? You think that’s all it is?

**Joey:** Absolutely! Halloween is the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]]. Except for Christmas…and their [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthdays]]. Kinda get a little crazy during the summer too. And [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] they’re [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#sleepy\|sleepy]]. Y’know, kids are [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]]. Good luck with that. *(Walks away.)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler and Monica are standing in the kitchen.

**Monica:** Look, I wanted to tell I’m-I’m sorry you lost.

**Chandler:** Listen, I’ve got a [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] for ya. I let him win.

**Monica:** *(laughs)* Is that a [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] or a lie.

**Chandler:** No, I let him win—Ross!

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Chandler:** Would you tell her I let you win please?

**Ross:** Oh. Yeah. *(Sarcastically)* Uh Chandler let me win. No, Chandler’s really strong. Oh my [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] is so [[Friends-词汇总表#sore\|sore]]. Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]]! *(Waddles over to Mona.)*

**Chandler:** I am strong! I’ll show you! *(He sits down at the table.)*

**Monica:** Chandler please!

**Chandler:** Oh what’s the matter? Are you scared?

**Monica:** Let’s go big [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]]!

*(They assume the starting position.)*

**Chandler:** Okay. 1…2…3—Go! *(Once again he’s at a stalemate, but this time he’s in pain.)* *(Pause)* I’m gonna kill myself!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（39）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 5 | 209 | 116 | *And everybody has to wear costumes.  Come on! It’ll be fun!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 5 | 253 | 119 | *I don’t think they have a name for it. It’s just I get nervous; I start sweating like crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 5 | 102 | 59 | *Who do you think would win in a fight, Catwoman or Supergirl?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 4 | 135 | 75 | *Please tell me you’re not gonna dress up like a dinosaur.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 4 | 235 | 141 | *Huh. Well, I’m supposed to be working at the restaurant tonight. I’m supposed to be working right no* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 4 | 109 | 81 | *Why are you lying to him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *No way! Look, Halloween is so stupid! Dressing up, pretending to be someone you’re not…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *That’s right! He was hitting on her, and I got her. I guess the better man won.  Please don’t take h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 3 | 181 | 87 | *Sure! Why not? You could be my sister for the day.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 3 | 92 | 67 | *Will you relax?! What are you taking this so seriously for? It doesn’t matter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Yeah. Okay. Umm, y’know, my friends are having a Halloween party tonight at my old apartment so, you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *Yeah. Okay. Umm, y’know, my friends are having a Halloween party tonight at my old apartment so, you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *What?! I thought he’d love it! His favorite kid's book was the Velveteen Rabbit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *No I’m having fun. I’m really—And I’m really-really excited for you and Ursula.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Will you relax?! What are you taking this so seriously for? It doesn’t matter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *You’re a weird lady.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 2 | 116 | 69 | *Umm listen, I don’t think…I don’t think I’m gonna make it to the wedding. So I just want to wish you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Well, I’ll-I’ll be there. I mean I have to wear a costume to all my classes that day anyway so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *You’re an actor!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *I am! I am a woman who spent a lot of money on a dress and she wants to wear it, because soon she wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Yes I did! I’m Chandler.  Dude, what happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *No wonder your pregnant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Wow! I don’t have the worst costume anymore!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Aren’t you gonna give me a kiss?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Okay, I will. But right after you tell me who the hell you are.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *My mother killed herself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Yeah! It’s so much better than first grade when you don’t know what’s going on and definitely better* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Oh I feel very lucky, she’s great. I think she’s the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Joey’s gonna be thrilled! He was hoping you’d come by as a slutty nurse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Yeah. It wasn’t a town when I got there, but it was a town when I left.  Shall we get me really drun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Monica and I were talking about who could kick whose ass in a fight, you or Ross?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *No! Wait no! Shut up—I mean don’t cry! Let me get my checkbook!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Hey, at least you have a wife! I-I keep getting divorces and knockin’ people up! And I’m dressed as * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *You’re a weird lady.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *She is lying! And I bet I can prove it. Excuse me.  Okay. Okay. Yeah—Not a prayer chain, but what lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *She is lying! And I bet I can prove it. Excuse me.  Okay. Okay. Yeah—Not a prayer chain, but what lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *No, I also had to go to a couple houses with him as his girlfriend. Oh, I am just awful with childre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas…and their birthdays. Kinda get a little cra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Oh what’s the matter? Are you scared?* |

### 常用词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] | /'kændi/ | n. 糖果, 冰糖 | n. a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts | 8 | 57 | 23 | *Oh! Oh! Can I give out the candy? I really want to be with the kids right now. Y’know, ever since I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunny\|bunny]] | /'bʌni/ | n. 兔子 | n. a young waitress in a nightclub whose costume includes the tail and ears of a | 7 | 32 | 17 | *Well, it was either a pink bunny or no bunny at all.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halloween\|halloween]] | /.hælәu'i:n/ | n. (基督教)万圣节前夕 | n. the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young p | 6 | 15 | 10 | *I know it’s last minute, but we decided to have a Halloween party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 6 | 15 | 14 | *Well, I’ll-I’ll be there. I mean I have to wear a costume to all my classes that day anyway so…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 5 | 25 | 19 | *Trick or treat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#treat\|treat]] | /tri:t/ | n. 宴请, 款待 | n. an occurrence that causes special pleasure or delight | 5 | 36 | 29 | *Trick or treat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 4 | 35 | 31 | *Oh really?! You think you’re stronger? Why don’t you prove it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 3 | 22 | 19 | *She, now I knew that and…now I’m sweating. Look at me, I’m really sweating—Now I’m saying, "Look at * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 3 | 68 | 39 | *I am so stupid. Of course she was lying! She’s not a teacher. There’s not such a thing as the top se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 2 | 118 | 49 | *Oh! Oh! Can I give out the candy? I really want to be with the kids right now. Y’know, ever since I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 2 | 58 | 45 | *Wow! I don’t have the worst costume anymore!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 2 | 27 | 23 | *My mother killed herself.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 2 | 56 | 47 | *What?! Come on I am tough! Punch me right here!  As hard as you can!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 2 | 48 | 35 | *Hey, you guys could arm wrestle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 2 | 80 | 46 | *It’s a filthy, disgusting habit and I want you to quit now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] | /'winә/ | n. 胜利者, 优胜者 | n. the contestant who wins the contest | 2 | 16 | 13 | *Pheebs come on! Bunny vs. Doody! We’re waiting!   Okay. Okay guys, one match, winner take all.  Oh w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 2 | 31 | 28 | *So, you gettin’ tired?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 2 | 53 | 40 | *So, you gettin’ tired?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 2 | 47 | 36 | *I’m not smart.  I just wanted so much to…be impulsive once. To be romantic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *Please tell me you’re not gonna dress up like a dinosaur.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *No way! Look, Halloween is so stupid! Dressing up, pretending to be someone you’re not…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Oh, I thought there was a mirror there. Okay, bye-bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceremony\|ceremony]] | /'serimәni/ | n. 典礼, 仪式, 礼节 | n. a formal event performed on a special occasion | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Yeah! Yeah, it’s gonna be a small ceremony. Just family.  His.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *I’m Catwoman, who wants to borrow the dress when you’re too big for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Just a minute!!!  Look at you guys! Wow! You are a very scary witch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] | /klaun/ | n. 小丑, 乡下人 | n. a rude or vulgar fool | 1 | 21 | 15 | *And you are a very funny clown.* |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 1 | 59 | 18 | *And you are so in style right now. Y’know, I work at Ralph Lauren and the whole fall line has got th* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 1 | 49 | 20 | *And you are so in style right now. Y’know, I work at Ralph Lauren and the whole fall line has got th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Monica! Can I talk to you for a second? Listen, I appreciate you getting me the costume…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Oh wow! That deserves another piece of candy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] | /ә:n/ | vt. 赚得, 获得, 博得 | v. acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well, I have to say that earns tutu pieces of candy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 26 | 15 | *Remember the Russian satellite, Sputnik?  Well, I’m a potato or a…spud. And these are my antennae.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *Aren’t you gonna give me a kiss?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slap\|slap]] | /slæp/ | n. 掴, 掌击, 侮辱, 拍击声 | n. a blow from a flat object (as an open hand) | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Okay, I just slapped my future sister-in-law’s ass.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *I’m an idiot. Uh, is your mother here? Maybe I can give her a little slap on the butt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *I’m an idiot. Uh, is your mother here? Maybe I can give her a little slap on the butt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *‘Cause the sweat’s getting in my eyes and its burning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *I don’t think they have a name for it. It’s just I get nervous; I start sweating like crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Oh umm, I’m the solar system.  Yeah, my students helped me make it—I teach the second grade.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] | /pʌntʃ/ | n. 打洞器, 钻孔机, 冲压机, 冲床, 潘趣酒 | n. (boxing) a blow with the fist | 1 | 27 | 17 | *What?! Come on I am tough! Punch me right here!  As hard as you can!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Oh really? Okay? Well what would you say if I told you that, y’know, Ross or Chandler could beat you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *You’re getting a crush on your sister’s fiance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *You’d think that would embarrass me, but you see I’m maxed out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *I can’t answer that! Chandler’s my husband.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handsome\|handsome]] | /'hænsәm/ | a. 英俊的, 大方的, 慷慨的, 相当可观的, 美观的, 灵敏的 | s pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form an | 1 | 13 | 11 | *Hello handsome.  Oh God.  Oh look at you two. So when did you guys meet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] | /ә'pɑ:t/ | adv. 成零碎, 成距离, 分别地, 分离着 | s. remote and separate physically or socially | 1 | 19 | 15 | *In fact when we were building houses in Uruguay, we were, we were just two towns apart and we never * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#destroy\|destroy]] | /di'strɒi/ | vt. 破坏, 毁坏, 消灭 | v. do away with, cause the destruction or undoing of | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Uh, in her defense, she’s right. I am stronger. I would destroy you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 1 | 24 | 19 | *Seriously guys, the trash talk is embarrassing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] | /'sʌmdei/ | adv. 有一天 | r. some unspecified time in the future | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Honey, someday you are gonna make some man the luckiest guy in the world.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] | /'ɒnist/ | a. 诚实的, 坦直的, 可靠的 | a. not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent | 1 | 29 | 26 | *Look honey, you don’t have to do this, okay? It’s the strength you have inside that means the most t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disgust\|disgust]] | /dis'gʌst/ | n. 厌恶, 嫌恶 | n. strong feelings of dislike | 1 | 16 | 13 | *It’s a filthy, disgusting habit and I want you to quit now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 1 | 69 | 27 | *She’s helped so many people to quit smoking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhaust]] | /ig'zɒ:st/ | n. 排气, 排气装置, 废气 | n. gases ejected from an engine as waste products | 1 | 11 | 11 | *God, I’m exhausted.* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay! My hero!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hero\|hero]] | /'hiәrәu/ | n. 英雄, 超越常人者, 男主角 | n. a man distinguished by exceptional courage and nobility and strength | 1 | 16 | 12 | *Yay! My hero!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Hey. Ursula said she left her purse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *I think we’ll be okay. Besides it’s so perfect and  she’s been saving herself for me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *She is lying! And I bet I can prove it. Excuse me.  Okay. Okay. Yeah—Not a prayer chain, but what lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#younger\|younger]] | /'jʌŋgә/ | n. 年纪较小者 | s. used of the younger of two persons of the same name especially used to distin | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Oh, I almost don’t want to show this.  Just remember I’m a minute younger.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Hurry up I gotta pray!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] | /'fifti/ | num. 五十, 五十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and five | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Hey! Well, I had to give the kid fifty bucks to stop crying.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *Hey! Well, I had to give the kid fifty bucks to stop crying.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *No, I also had to go to a couple houses with him as his girlfriend. Oh, I am just awful with childre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1 | 152 | 44 | *Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas…and their birthdays. Kinda get a little cra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] | /'enitaim/ | adv. 任何时候；无例外地 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas…and their birthdays. Kinda get a little cra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas…and their birthdays. Kinda get a little cra* |

### 低频词（74）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doody\|doody]] |  | n. (Doody)人名；(英)杜迪 |  | 7 | 9 | 3 | *Hey all right, Ross came as doody.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]] | /nә:s/ | n. 护士, 保姆, 奶妈 | n. one skilled in caring for young children or the sick (usually under the super | 5 | 24 | 9 | *Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cape\|cape]] | /keip/ | n. 岬, 海角, 披肩, 斗蓬 | n. a strip of land projecting into a body of water | 5 | 8 | 4 | *Oh yeah, we were but umm, now we’ve got candy. Boy in the Cape: I’d rather have the money.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] | /slʌtɪ/ | a. 淫荡的 |  | 4 | 15 | 9 | *Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catwoman\|catwoman]] |  | 猫女（虚拟人物） |  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *I’m Catwoman, who wants to borrow the dress when you’re too big for it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]] | /fi'ɒnsei/ | n. 未婚夫 | n. a man who is engaged to be married | 3 | 7 | 4 | *Ursula’s fiance?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impulsive\|impulsive]] | /im'pʌlsiv/ | a. 冲动的, 受感情驱使的, 任性的 | s. proceeding from natural feeling or impulse without external stimulus | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, I know it sounds crazy, and it’s not like me to do something so impulsive, but she’s just so p* |
| leatherface |  | [网络] 皮脸；人皮脸；皮革脸 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strongest\|strongest]] |  | a. 最强壮的（为strong的最高级） | a having strength or power greater than average or expected | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Oh! Oh! Can I give out the candy? I really want to be with the kids right now. Y’know, ever since I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supergirl\|supergirl]] |  | [电影]女超人 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *So we do Supergirl.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#velveteen\|velveteen]] | /.velvi'ti:n/ | n. 棉绒, 平绒 | n. a usually cotton fabric with a short pile imitating velvet | 2 | 5 | 2 | *What?! I thought he’d love it! His favorite kid's book was the Velveteen Rabbit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabbit\|rabbit]] | /'ræbit/ | n. 兔子 | n. any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and | 2 | 13 | 8 | *What?! I thought he’d love it! His favorite kid's book was the Velveteen Rabbit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sputnik\|sputnik]] | /'sputnik/ | n. 人造卫星 | n. a Russian artificial satellite | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Remember the Russian satellite, Sputnik?  Well, I’m a potato or a…spud. And these are my antennae.  * |
| eric | /'erik/ | abbr. 科教资源信息中心（Educational Resources Information Center）；电子遥 | n. A recompense formerly given by a murderer to the relatives of | 2 | 14 | 7 | *Eric.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#temper\|temper]] | /'tempә/ | n. (钢等的)硬度, 脾气, 心情, 中和剂, 倾向, 回火 | n. a characteristic (habitual or relatively temporary) state of feeling | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Are you kiddin’? Phoebe lived on the street. Okay? Plus, she’s got this crazy temper. She—She’s not * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#corp\|corp]] |  | [经] 公司 | n a business firm whose articles of incorporation have been approved in some sta | 2 | 2 | 1 | *And we were both in the Peace Corps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stronger\|stronger]] |  | [经] 强劲的 | a having strength or power greater than average or expected | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Uh, in her defense, she’s right. I am stronger. I would destroy you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] | /streŋθ/ | n. 力量, 实力, 强度, 浓度, 人数, 抵抗力 | n. the property of being physically or mentally strong | 2 | 8 | 7 | *Look honey, you don’t have to do this, okay? It’s the strength you have inside that means the most t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prayer\|prayer]] | /prєә. 'preiә/ | n. 祈祷, 恳求, 祷辞, 祈祷者 | n. the act of communicating with a deity (especially as a petition or in adorati | 2 | 2 | 1 | *What a relief. It has all the numbers of the people in her prayer chain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]] | /rәu. rau/ | n. 排, 行, 街道, 划船, 吵闹 | n. an arrangement of objects or people side by side in a line | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Not two years in a row.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bikini\|bikini]] | /bi'ki:ni/ | n. 大爆炸, 比基尼泳装 | n. an atoll in the Marshall Islands; formerly used by the United States as a sit | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] | /'tʃiәli:dә/ | n. 啦啦队长 | n. an enthusiastic and vocal supporter | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chainsaw\|chainsaw]] | /'tʃeinsɔ:/ | vt.用链锯割,<喻>肢解 | n portable power saw; teeth linked to form an endless chain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massacre\|massacre]] | /'mæsәkә/ | n. 大屠杀 | v. kill a large number of people indiscriminately | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maternal\|maternal]] | /mә'tә:nl/ | a. 母亲的, 母系的, 母方的 | a. characteristic of a mother | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh! Oh! Can I give out the candy? I really want to be with the kids right now. Y’know, ever since I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#instinct\|instinct]] | /'instiŋkt/ | n. 本能, 直觉 | n. inborn pattern of behavior often responsive to specific stimuli | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh! Oh! Can I give out the candy? I really want to be with the kids right now. Y’know, ever since I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#witch\|witch]] | /witʃ/ | n. 巫婆, 女巫 | n. a being (usually female) imagined to have special powers derived from the dev | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Just a minute!!!  Look at you guys! Wow! You are a very scary witch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#equestrian\|equestrian]] | /i'kwestriәn/ | a. 骑术的, 马的, 骑在马背上的 | a. of or relating to or composed of knights | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And you are so in style right now. Y’know, I work at Ralph Lauren and the whole fall line has got th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vogue\|vogue]] | /vәug/ | n. 时尚, 时髦, 流行 | n. the popular taste at a given time | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And you are so in style right now. Y’know, I work at Ralph Lauren and the whole fall line has got th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prettiest\|prettiest]] | /p'rɪtɪɪst/ | adv. 极美（pretty的最高级） | s pleasing by delicacy or grace; not imposing | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh!  Well you’re just the prettiest ballerina I’ve ever seen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ballerina\|ballerina]] | /.bælә'ri:nә/ | n. 芭蕾舞女演员 | n. a female ballet dancer | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh!  Well you’re just the prettiest ballerina I’ve ever seen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tutu\|tutu]] | /'tu:tu:/ | n. (芭蕾舞女演员用)短裙 | n. South African prelate and leader of the antiapartheid struggle (born in 1931) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I have to say that earns tutu pieces of candy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#antenna\|antenna]] | /æn'tenә/ | n. 天线, 触须, 触角 | n. an electrical device that sends or receives radio or television signals | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Remember the Russian satellite, Sputnik?  Well, I’m a potato or a…spud. And these are my antennae.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweatier\|sweatier]] |  | (sweaty 的比较级) a. 出汗的, 吃力的 | comparative of sweaty | 1 | 1 | 1 | *She, now I knew that and…now I’m sweating. Look at me, I’m really sweating—Now I’m saying, "Look at * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#solar\|solar]] | /'sәulә/ | a. 太阳的, 日光的, 源自太阳的 | a. relating to or derived from the sun or utilizing the energies of the sun | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh umm, I’m the solar system.  Yeah, my students helped me make it—I teach the second grade.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comic\|comic]] | /'kɒmik/ | n. 连环漫画, 喜剧演员, 滑稽的人 | a. of or relating to or characteristic of comedy | 1 | 9 | 6 | *You read comic books right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exclusively\|exclusively]] | /ik'sklu:sivli/ | adv. 排他地, 仅仅, 专门, 只, 仅, 唯一地, 专有地 | r without any others being included or involved | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Exclusively.* |
| kiddin |  | [网络] 七彩汤圆 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Are you kiddin’? Phoebe lived on the street. Okay? Plus, she’s got this crazy temper. She—She’s not * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#volunteer\|volunteer]] | /.vɒlәn'tiә/ | n. 志愿者 | n. (military) a person who freely enlists for service | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Hey. Ursula’s fiance is really sweet! He’s a teacher, he does all this volunteer work. Y’know normal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#normally\|normally]] | /'nɒ:mәli/ | adv. 正规地, 合规则, 正常地 | r. under normal conditions | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Hey. Ursula’s fiance is really sweet! He’s a teacher, he does all this volunteer work. Y’know normal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweaty\|sweaty]] | /'sweti/ | a. 出汗的, 吃力的 | superl. Moist with sweat; as, a sweaty skin; a sweaty garment. | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Hey. Ursula’s fiance is really sweet! He’s a teacher, he does all this volunteer work. Y’know normal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mop\|mop]] | /mɒp/ | n. 拖把, 鬼脸 | n cleaning implement consisting of absorbent material fastened to a handle; for  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey. Ursula’s fiance is really sweet! He’s a teacher, he does all this volunteer work. Y’know normal* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thrill\|thrill]] | /θril/ | n. 震颤, 激动, 刺激性, 一阵激动 | n. something that causes you to experience a sudden intense feeling or sensation | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Joey’s gonna be thrilled! He was hoping you’d come by as a slutty nurse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maxed\|maxed]] |  | n. 马克斯；最大值；极大值 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You’d think that would embarrass me, but you see I’m maxed out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uruguay\|uruguay]] | /'uru^wai/ | n. 乌拉圭 | n. a South American republic on the southeast coast of South America; achieved i | 1 | 1 | 1 | *In fact when we were building houses in Uruguay, we were, we were just two towns apart and we never * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#howdy\|howdy]] | /'haudi/ | int. 您好(招呼用语) | n an expression of greeting | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Howdy doody.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] |  | a. 最滑稽的（funny的最高级形式） | s arousing or provoking laughter | 1 | 13 | 9 | *That’s funny. Yeah. Y’know you’re the funniest man here in a pink bunny costume his wife made him we* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flush\|flush]] | /flʌʃ/ | n. 流溢, 面红, 旺盛, 发烧, 惊飞的鸟, 同花牌 | n. a poker hand with all 5 cards in the same suit | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh relax man, relax. You’re looking a little flushed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theorem\|theorem]] | /'θiәrәm/ | n. 定理, 原理 | n. a proposition deducible from basic postulates | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh I’ll prove it! I’ll prove it like a theorem!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestle]] | /'resl/ | n. 摔跤, 角力, 扭斗 | n. the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Hey, you guys could arm wrestle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downtown\|downtown]] | /'daun'taun/ | n. 市中心区 | a. of or located in the lower part of a town, or in the business center | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh yeah? You’re going further down! Downtown!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luckiest\|luckiest]] |  | 幸运的（lucky的最高级） | s occurring by chance | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Honey, someday you are gonna make some man the luckiest guy in the world.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#checkbook\|checkbook]] | /'tʃekbuk/ | n. 支票簿 | n. a book issued to holders of checking accounts | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No! Wait no! Shut up—I mean don’t cry! Let me get my checkbook!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loyal\|loyal]] | /'lɒiәl/ | a. 忠诚的, 忠实的, 忠贞的 | a. steadfast in allegiance or duty | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Look honey, you don’t have to do this, okay? It’s the strength you have inside that means the most t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#integrity\|integrity]] | /in'tegriti/ | n. 正直, 廉正, 完整 | n. an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Look honey, you don’t have to do this, okay? It’s the strength you have inside that means the most t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liar\|liar]] | /'laiә/ | n. 说谎者 | n. a person who has lied or who lies repeatedly | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Hi liar!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#filthy\|filthy]] | /'filθi/ | a. 污秽的, 丑恶的 | s. disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter | 1 | 4 | 4 | *It’s a filthy, disgusting habit and I want you to quit now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#habit\|habit]] | /'hæbit/ | n. 习惯, 嗜好, 习性 | n. an established custom | 1 | 4 | 4 | *It’s a filthy, disgusting habit and I want you to quit now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] | /praid/ | n. 骄傲, 自尊心, 自豪, 精华, 勇气 | n. a feeling of self-respect and personal worth | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Pride.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dignity\|dignity]] | /'digniti/ | n. 尊严, 高贵 | n. the quality of being worthy of esteem or respect | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And dignity.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#equally\|equally]] | /'i:kwәli/ | adv. 相等地, 同样地, 平等地 | r. to the same degree (often followed by `as') | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Or equally weak.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]] | /wi:k/ | a. 不牢固的, 弱的, 虚弱的, 软弱的, 无力的, 无权力的, (论据等)不充分的 | a. wanting in physical strength | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Or equally weak.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wimp\|wimp]] | /wimp/ | n. 懦弱的人；无能的人 | n. a person who lacks confidence, is irresolute and wishy-washy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No way! If anything you’ve gotta let me win! My wife thinks I’m a wimp!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knockin\|knockin]] |  | 爆震燃烧 |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Hey, at least you have a wife! I-I keep getting divorces and knockin’ people up! And I’m dressed as * |
| watchin |  | [网络] 看吧 |  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Come on, who are we kidding? I’m doody. Please? She’s watchin’.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relief\|relief]] | /ri'li:f/ | n. 减轻, 解除, 救济, 安慰, 调剂, 浮雕, 换班, (地势的)起伏 | n. the feeling that comes when something burdensome is removed or reduced | 1 | 6 | 6 | *What a relief. It has all the numbers of the people in her prayer chain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elementary\|elementary]] | /.eli'mentәri/ | a. 初步的, 基本的 | s. easy and not involved or complicated | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I am so stupid. Of course she was lying! She’s not a teacher. There’s not such a thing as the top se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spy\|spy]] | /spai/ | n. 间谍, 侦探, 侦察 | n. (military) a secret agent hired by a state to obtain information about its en | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I am so stupid. Of course she was lying! She’s not a teacher. There’s not such a thing as the top se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alike\|alike]] | /ә'laik/ | a. 相似的, 同样的 | a. having the same or similar characteristics | 1 | 4 | 4 | *It’s just so weird, two people look so much alike, and so different.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pray\|pray]] | /prei/ | v. 祈祷, 恳求, 请 | v. address a deity, a prophet, a saint or an object of worship; say a prayer | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hurry up I gotta pray!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greedy\|greedy]] | /'gri:di/ | a. 贪婪的, 贪得的, 贪吃的 | s. wanting to eat or drink more than one can reasonably consume | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Come on! You’re good with kids. They’re just crazy on Halloween. Y’know, they’re all greedy and hopp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sugar\|sugar]] | /'ʃugә/ | n. 糖, 糖块, 甜言蜜语 | n. a white crystalline carbohydrate used as a sweetener and preservative | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Come on! You’re good with kids. They’re just crazy on Halloween. Y’know, they’re all greedy and hopp* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleepy\|sleepy]] | /'sli:pi/ | a. 困乏的, 欲睡的 | s. ready to fall asleep | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas…and their birthdays. Kinda get a little cra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sore\|sore]] | /sɒ:/ | a. 悲伤的, 痛的, 引起痛苦的 | n. an open skin infection | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh. Yeah.  Uh Chandler let me win. No, Chandler’s really strong. Oh my arm is so sore. Oh nurse!* |
