---
season: 8
episode: "19"
title: "The One With Joey&#146;s Interview"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S08E19 — The One With Joey&#146;s Interview

*Written by: Doty Abrams Episodes Orginally Transcribed by: Eric Aasen, guineapig, Josh Hodge, Aaron D. Howard-Miller, and Kiza Abuzahra.*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, everyone except Phoebe is there as Rachel enters carrying a magazine.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Rachel:** So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzle]], and guess who the [[Friends-词汇总表#clue\|clue]] is for three down. *(She hands the magazine to Joey.)*

**Joey:** *(reading)* Three down, Days Of Our Lives star [[Friends-词汇总表#blank\|blank]] Tribbiani. That’s me!! I’m blank!!

**Monica:** How cool is this?! We know three down! I’m touching three down!

*(She has her hand on his shoulder.)*

**Joey:** Yeah you are baby.

**Monica:** Three down knows I’m married, what’s three down doin’?

**Rachel:** So did they call you to tell you your name’s gonna be in this?

**Joey:** No. They really like me over there. They want to do a big profile on me, but I said no.

**Ross:** Why’d you say no?

**Joey:** Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lines, and then the [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writers]] got mad and made my character fall down the [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shaft\|shaft]]. So who knows what I might say this time.

**Chandler:** If only there was something in your head to control the things you say. *(Joey nods his agreement.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y’know the [[Friends-词汇总表#publicity\|publicity]] would be really good for your career! And you [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] that! And if you do the interview you can [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]], oh I don’t know, [[Friends-词汇总表#gal\|gal]] pal Rachel Green?

**Chandler:** Is that [[Friends-词汇总表#gal\|gal]] pal [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spelled]] L-O-S-E-R?

**Rachel:** Okay, don’t listen to him. Please?

**Joey:** Fine! All right, I’ll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I y’know, start to say something stupid.

**Ross:** Just then or-or all the time, ‘cause we-we have jobs y’know.

**Rachel:** Come on! We will be there for you the whole time! Just remember [[Friends-词汇总表#gal\|gal]] pal Rachel Green. *(Excited)* Ha-ha! I’m gonna be in Soap Opera Digest! And not just in the [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzle]]. *(Looks at Joey.)* Seriously, [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of you.

**Joey:** Yeah.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey is there for his interview and everyone but Phoebe are hiding on the couch.

**The Interviewer:** I really appreciate you taking the time to do this.

**Joey:** Oh, not at all. Happy to do it.


> [!scene] Cut to the rest of the gang sitting low on the couch and craning their necks to watch the interview.

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* You think we’re being [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]]?

**Chandler:** No, we’re just four people with [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] problems. You talk like this. *(Out of the sides of their mouths.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**The Interviewer:** *(To Joey)* Y’know I think its great you wanted to meet here. Y’know when most people hear the magazine is paying for it they want to go to a big fancy restaurant.

**Joey:** *(laughs)* Actually, I didn’t know the magazine was paying for it. Wouldn’t have mattered, I’m doing this for the fans, not for the free food.

**Gunther:** Can I get you anything?

**The Interviewer:** Umm, I’ll have a cup of coffee.

**Joey:** And I’ll have all the [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffins]].


> [!scene] Cut to the gang.

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Ross:** Shhh! We’re not talking.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Finally! Oh. *(Sits back in relief.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**The Interviewer:** So, according to your bio, you’ve done quite a bit of work before Days of Our Lives. Anything you’re particularly proud of?


> [!scene] This starts a series of flashbacks; the first one is from Episode 106: The One With The Butt, Joey is in a play called Freud!.

**Joey:** *(He goes into a song and dance number)* All you want is a [[Friends-词汇总表#dingle\|dingle]], What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can [[Friends-词汇总表#tinkle\|tinkle]], Or play with, or simply let hang...


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 304: The One With The Metaphorical Tunnel, Joey is on Amazing Discoveries.

**Host:** Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] to get a nice glass of [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]], *(Joey is in the background struggling to open a cartoon of milk)* and these [[Friends-词汇总表#darn\|darn]] [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|cartons]] are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.

**Joey:** Oh, you said it Mike. *(Rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter)* Aw! There's got to be a better way!

**Mike:** And there is Kevin.


> [!scene] Cut forward.

**Mike:** This is the first time he’s ever used this product, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. *(To Kevin)* Go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]. *('Kevin' starts using the product, it is a spout that you jab into a paper milk carton so that you don't have to rip it open.)* This works with any [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|carton]].

**Joey:** *(finishing installing the Milk Master 2000)* Wow, it is easy. *(Starts to poor the milk)* Now, I can have [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]].

*(The crowd ahhs.)*


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 322: The One With The Screamer, it’s the end of Joey’s play.

**Lauren:** So this is it? Victor?

**Joey:** Yeah, I guess it is. And so… I’m gonna get on this [[Friends-词汇总表#spaceship\|spaceship]], *(Smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling, and a ladder comes down, with flashing, colored lights on the side of it)* and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you’ll be long gone. But I won’t have aged at all. *(Gets on the ladder)* So you tell your great-great-[[Friends-词汇总表#granddaughter\|granddaughter]] to look me up, because Adrienne… baby…I’m gonna want to meet her.

*(The ladder retracts, taking Joey up into the spaceship for his voyage to Blargon 7.)*


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 204: The One With Phoebe’s Husband, when everyone including Julie is watching Joey in his porno.

**Joey:** Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the [[Friends-词汇总表#copier\|copier]], I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do…so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, *(Joey from TV)* you know that's bad for the paper [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]].

**Chandler:** Nice work my friend.

**Joey:** Thank you. Wait-wait-wait-wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am…


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**Joey:** Well, there are so many things, it’s hard to pick just one.


> [!scene] Cut to the gang.

**Phoebe:** I’m gonna get some coffee, anyone want anything?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, I’d actually love a [[Friends-词汇总表#blueberry\|blueberry]] [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#chamomile\|chamomile]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]].

**Ross:** Uh, double [[Friends-词汇总表#latte\|latte]], extra [[Friends-词汇总表#foam\|foam]].

**Chandler:** And a [[Friends-词汇总表#bagel\|bagel]] with only…

**Phoebe:** *(interrupting him)* I was just being [[Friends-词汇总表#polite\|polite]]!


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**The Interviewer:** Okay, how about when you’re not working. What do you do in your spare time?


> [!scene] This starts another series of flashbacks about Joey’s hobbies. The first one is from Episode 703: The One With Phoebe’s Cookies, Rachel is teaching Joey how to sail his boat, the Mr. Bowmont.

**Joey:** *(drinking a beer)* Look at this [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]]! Just because he’s got a [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. *(Yelling)* Get out of the way [[Friends-词汇总表#jackass\|jackass]]! *(To Rachel)* Who names their boat Coast Guard anyway?

**Rachel:** That is the Coast Guard.

**Joey:** What are they doing out here? The coast’s all the way over there.

*(Points to the coast.)*


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 603: The One With Ross’s Denial, Joey is amazing Phoebe and Monica by holding his breath.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey! Check it out! This is [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]! Joey has been holding his [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] for almost four minutes!

*(We see Joey who has puffed up his cheeks and Chandler nonchalantly reaches down and pinches Joey’s nose shut. In a few seconds, Joey has to move because he’s now forced to actually hold his breath.)*

**Joey:** *(To Chandler)* Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 507: The One Where Ross Moves In.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's and Ross's, Chandler is entering and when he closes the door Joey pops his head out of the fort like before, but this time he's wearing a cowboy hat.

**Chandler:** Well, I see you've had a very [[Friends-词汇总表#productive\|productive]] day. Don't you think the [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]] hat is a little much?

**Ross:** *(popping up behind Joey wearing an Indian headdress)* Come on, it's fun!

**Chandler:** All right! *(He joins them in the fort and comes up putting on a bonnet.)* Isn't this a woman's hat?

**Joey:** Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]]!

*(Chandler does so.)*


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 417: The One With The Free Porn, Chandler and Joey are lamenting the fact that every beautiful woman they see doesn’t want to have sex right then and there like in porn.

**Chandler:** Y’know what, we have to turn off the porn.

**Joey:** I think you’re right.

*(Goes over and picks up the remote.)*

**Chandler:** All right, ready?

**Joey:** One.

**Chandler:** Two.

**Both:** Three.

*(Chandler turns off the porn and sets the remote down.)*

**Joey:** That’s kinda nice.

**Chandler:** Yeah, that’s kinda a [[Friends-词汇总表#relief\|relief]].

**Joey:** Yeah.

*(Pause.)*

**Chandler:** You wanna see if we still have it?

**Joey:** Yeah.

*(Chandler turns on the TV and…)*

**Chandler:** FREE PORN!!!

**Joey:** Yeah!!

**Chandler:** We have free porn here!!!


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**Joey:** In my [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] time I uh, read to the [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]]. And I’m also a [[Friends-词汇总表#mento\|mento]] for the kids.*(The gang shake their heads.)* Y’know a [[Friends-词汇总表#mento\|mento]], a role model. *(Chandler bites his fist to keep from talking.)*

**The Interviewer:** A mento…

**Joey:** Right.

**The Interviewer:** Like the candy?

**Joey:** Matter of fact, I do.

*(Chandler tries to jump over the couch but everyone stops him.)*

**The Interviewer:** Well umm, another thing our readers always want to know is how our soap stars stay in such great shape. Do you have some kind of fitness regime?

**Joey:** Uh, we stars just try to eat right and get lots of exercise.


> [!scene] Another set of flashbacks begin with Episode 521: The One With The Ball, Joey and Ross are throwing a ball around.

**Joey:** Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?

**Ross:** Are you serious?!

**Joey:** Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to [[Friends-词汇总表#jinx\|jinx]] it.

**Ross:** Wow! We are pretty good at this!

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Ross:** Hey! We totally forgot about [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]!

**Joey:** Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]]! *(Checks his pants.)* Yeah, my pants are a little [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]]!


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 604: The One Where Joey Loses His Insurance.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler enters to find Joey lying in the fetus position on the floor.

**Chandler:** What’s wrong with you?

**Joey:** Nothing! Well, I-I got this [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blinding]] pain in my [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] when I was [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lifting]] weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven’t been able to stand up since. But um, I don’t think it’s anything serious.

**Chandler:** This sounds like a [[Friends-词汇总表#hernia\|hernia]]. You have to—you-you—Go to the doctor!

**Joey:** No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]]! *(Rolls over and shows Chandler.)* Why did I have to start working out again? *(Looks at the weights he was using.)* Damn you 15s!


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 609: The One Where Ross Got High, Rachel is describing her desert to Joey and Ross.

**Rachel:** It’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#trifle\|trifle]]. It’s got all of these [[Friends-词汇总表#layer\|layers]]. First there’s a layer of [[Friends-词汇总表#ladyfinger\|ladyfingers]], then a layer of [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jam]], then [[Friends-词汇总表#custard\|custard]], which I made from [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]]. [Joey and Ross make [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impressed]] faces] Then [[Friends-词汇总表#raspberry\|raspberries]], more ladyfingers, then [[Friends-词汇总表#beef\|beef]] [[Friends-词汇总表#saute\|sauted]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#pea\|peas]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#onion\|onions]], [Joey and Ross look like something’s wrong.] then a little more custard, and then [[Friends-词汇总表#banana\|bananas]], and then I just put some [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whipped]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] on top!


> [!scene] Time lapse, Ross and Joey are eating Rachel’s disaster.

**Ross:** It [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|tastes]] like feet!

**Joey:** I like it.

**Ross:** Are you kidding?

**Joey:** What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Goooooood.


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 619: The One With Joey’s Fridge.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Chandler is entering to find Joey bingeing on the food from the fridge. Joey isn’t doing all that well.

**Joey:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]], [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|limes]]—Hey, what was in that brown [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]]?

**Chandler:** That’s still in there?!

**Joey:** Not anymore.


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 711: The One With All the Cheesecakes.


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Chandler and Rachel are on their knees with forks trying to salvage what they can of the cheesecake off of the floor.

**Rachel:** Oh! Yay! Look! There’s a piece that doesn’t have floor on it!

**Chandler:** Stick to your side!

**Rachel:** Hey, come on now!

*(Joey finishes climbing the stairs and sees them. Chandler and Rachel both stop and look up at him. Joey sits down on the step.)*

**Joey:** *(pulls out a fork)* All right, what are we [[Friends-词汇总表#havin\|havin]]’? *(Starts digging in.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**Joey:** Uhh, I don’t believe in these crazy diets y’know, just everything in [[Friends-词汇总表#moderation\|moderation]].

**Gunther:** Your [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffins]]. *(Sets down a huge plate of muffins in front of Joey.)*

**Joey:** I’ll take those to go. *(To the interviewer)* For the kids.

**The Interviewer:** Oh, I know what I wanted to ask you. You were on the show years ago and then they killed you off. What happened there?

**Joey:** It was so stupid, I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn’t have said. But believe me, that’s not gonna happen today.

**The Interviewer:** Understood. So, what’d you say back then?

**Joey:** Well, I said that I… *(The gang jumps up and interrupts him.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.

**Joey:** You guys, this is Shelley, she’s interviewing me for Soap Opera Digest, and Shelley, this are my friends…

**Rachel:** *(interrupting him)* Hi! I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#gal\|gal]] pal Rachel Green, and if you want the [[Friends-词汇总表#dirt\|dirt]], I’m the one you come too. This might be Joey’s baby *(rubbing her stomach)*, who knows? I’m just kidding—Seriously, *(leans into the cassette recorder Shelley is using)* [[Friends-词汇总表#gal\|gal]] pal Rachel Green.

**Ross:** *(leaning into the recorder as well)* Who just lost the respect of her [[Friends-词汇总表#unborn\|unborn]] child.

**The Interviewer:** Umm, I’m gonna just go get this warmed up. *(She takes her coffee mug up to the counter.)*

**Joey:** Okay.

**Monica:** Joey! You’re doing great!

**Ross:** Yeah, so far nothing stupid.

**Chandler:** Mento?

**Joey:** No thanks.

**The Interviewer:** *(returning)* So, as Joey’s friends, is there anything that you guys think our readers ought to know?

**Ross:** Uh no, no just-just that he is a great guy.

**Rachel:** *(scoffs at him)* Yeah, that’s gonna get you into Soap Opera Digest. Well I…*(leans into the microphone again)*…I would just like to say that Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] has [[Friends-词汇总表#enrich\|enriched]] the days of our lives.

**Phoebe:** Umm, I…I just think you don’t expect someone so hot to be so sweet.

**The Interviewer:** Oh! I like that. What’s your name?

**Phoebe:** Umm, Phoebe Buffay.

**The Interviewer:** How do you spell that? So we can get it right.

**Phoebe:** Oh okay, it’s P as in Phoebe, H as in hoebe, O as in oebe, E as in [[Friends-词汇总表#ebe\|ebe]], B as in [[Friends-词汇总表#bee\|bee]]-bee and E as in *(In an Australian accent)* ‘Ello there [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]]!

**The Interviewer:** Great! Well, it was nice meeting all of you.

**Ross:** Yeah, you too.

**Rachel:** You too!

**Chandler:** Thanks.

**Monica:** Bye. *(They resume their previous positions.)*

**The Interviewer:** So it seems like you have a lot of friends, who would you say is your best friend?


> [!scene] They gang all lean back to listen better, and this starts another series of flashbacks. The first one is from Episode 214: The One With The Prom Video, Rachel has just found the bracelet that Joey gave Chandler, which is after he bought one to replace it.

**Joey:** How come you have two?

**Chandler:** Well this one's for you.

**Joey:** Get out.

**Chandler:** No, I can't. No-no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, *(Puts bracelet on Joey)* it's about you and me and the fact that we're *(Reading bracelet)* best [[Friends-词汇总表#bud\|buds]].

**Joey:** Wow, is this [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]]? I think so. Check it out, we're [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] buddies.

**Chandler:** That's what they'll call us.


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 618: The One Where Ross Dates A Student.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Rachel are eating spaghetti in the living room while watching TV and Rachel drops some on the floor.

**Rachel:** Oh, Joey! Sorry!

**Joey:** No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.

**Rachel:** Oh but look! That’s gonna leave a [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]]!

**Joey:** Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!

**Rachel:** Really?

**Joey:** Yeah! Look! *(He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)*

**Rachel:** I’ve never lived like this before.

**Joey:** I know.

*(Rachel throws some of hers down.)*

**Joey:** All right, don’t waste it, I mean its still food. *(He picks it up and eats it.)*


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 224: The One With Barry And Mindy’s Wedding, Joey has to kiss a guy in an audition and has been trying to find one to practice with.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is reading a script as Ross enters

**Ross:** All right I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damnit I am a good friend. So just, just [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up and close your eyes

*(kisses Joey).*

**Joey:** Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 512: The One With Chandler’s Work Laugh, Joey and Phoebe are betting on who will reach the treat the fastest, the chick or the duck.

**Joey:** All right. Let's get the [[Friends-词汇总表#contestant\|contestants]] out of their [[Friends-词汇总表#isolation\|isolation]] [[Friends-词汇总表#booth\|booths]].

*(He removes the waste bucket that's over the duck and the laundry basket that's over the chicken.) And they're off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick, stopping it from moving.)*

**Phoebe:** Get your foot off my [[Friends-词汇总表#contestant\|contestant]]! Judge!

**Joey:** Judge rules, no [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]].

**Phoebe:** Ohhh.

**Joey:** And the [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] gets the Nutter-Butter!

**Phoebe:** *(turning from Ross.)* No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!

**Joey:** Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.

**Phoebe:** Ohh, [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] call.

**Joey:** Yeah.


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 401: The One With The Jellyfish, where Monica, Joey, and Chandler are relating that tragic day they spent on the beach.

**Joey:** I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...

**Ross:** Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About [[Friends-词汇总表#jellyfish\|jellyfish]] and how if you... *(Stops suddenly and turns to look at Monica)* Ewwww!! You [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|peed]] on yourself?! Phoebe and Rachel: Ewwww!!

**Monica:** You can’t say that!! You-you don’t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn’t...[[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bend]] that way. So... *(Looks at Joey.)* Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel: *(turning to look at Joey)* Ewwww!!

**Joey:** That’s right I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I’d [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] on anyone of you!


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**Joey:** Umm, no. No best friend, no. Just a lot of close friends.

**The Interviewer:** So umm, now back to the show. How does it feel to have a huge gay fan base?

**Joey:** Really? Me? Wow! I don’t even know any huge gay people!


> [!scene] Cut to the gang.

**Chandler:** It hurts me. It [[Friends-词汇总表#physically\|physically]] hurts me.


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**The Interviewer:** Now, off the record, you’re not…


> [!scene] Another group of flashbacks begin with Episode 513: The One With Joey’s Bag. Joey is carrying the bag and has entered Central Perk to the amusement of Ross and Chandler.

**Joey:** What? Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|referring]] to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]] too. Check it out! It's got [[Friends-词汇总表#compartment\|compartments]] for all your stuff! Your [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]]! Your keys! Your address book!

**Ross:** Your make-up!


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 712: The One Where They’re Up All Night, Joey and Ross are deciding how to climb down the final part of the fire escape.

**Ross:** Okay. Now-now-now should I [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] down your front so we’re face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we’re-we’re [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] to face.

**Joey:** I think face to face.

**Ross:** I would say that.

**Joey:** Face to face, yeah!

**Ross:** Okay, here I go.

**Joey:** All right.

*(Ross steps onto the bottom rung of the ladder and then steps on Joey’s chest.)*

**Joey:** *(grunting)* Oh my… How much do you [[Friends-词汇总表#weigh\|weigh]] Ross?!

**Ross:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] not to answer that right now, I’m still carrying a little holiday weight.

*(Ross continues to climb down. He puts his other foot further down on Joey’s torso, but that doesn’t work very well and he’s forced to wrap his legs around Joey. Which then forces Joey to get a nice and close view of Ross’s crotch.)*

**Joey:** Y’know, when we talked about face to face, I don’t think we thought it all the way through.


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 722: The One With Chandler’s Dad.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is sitting on the couch as Joey enters strutting.

**Joey:** Hey Pheebs! *(He sits down next to her.)*

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Joey:** Check it out. *(He turns around, pulls down his pants, and shows Phoebe that he’s got panties on.)* How much of a man am I?!

**Phoebe:** Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]].


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 608: The One With Ross’s Teeth, Chandler is accusing Joey of becoming less of a man.

**Chandler:** You’re turning into a woman.

**Joey:** No I’m not. Why would you say that? That’s just mean.

**Chandler:** Now I’ve upset you? What did I say?

**Joey:** It’s not what you said. It’s the way you said it… Oh My God, I’m a woman!!!


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 706: The One With The Nap Partners.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Ross are napping together again and both wake up at the same time.

**Joey:** Great [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]].

**Ross:** It really was.

*(Suddenly Rachel clears her throat and the camera cuts to the rest of the gang staring at them. Needless to say Joey and Ross are shocked and slowly turn their heads to see the gang.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**Joey:** Uh me? Gay? No! No. No, but I have a number of close friends who are.

*(Chandler and Ross look at each other.)*

**The Interviewer:** So, let’s talk about women. I’m sure our female readers will be interested to know about your romantic life.


> [!scene] Another series of flashbacks begins with Episode 413: The One With Rachel’s Crush, Joey is telling Rachel and Phoebe how he picks up women.

**Joey:** Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin’?"

**Phoebe:** Oh, please!

**Joey:** *(to Phoebe)* Hey, how you doin’?

*(Phoebe looks at him, and then giggles and looks away.)*


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 605: The One With Joey's Porsche.


> [!scene] Scene: The street, Joey is messing with a car cover and still wearing the Porsche stuff. This guy playing street football catches a pass next to the car cover Joey is fooling around with.

**Joey:** Hey! How you doin’?

**Woman:** *(to her friend)* He has the most amazing Porsche under there!

**Joey:** I’d love to show ya, but I just [[Friends-词汇总表#tuck\|tucked]] her in. She’s sleeping.

*(The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)*


> [!scene] The next one is from Episode 613: The One With Rachel’s Sister, Chandler has just opened the door to reveal a woman standing there.

**Woman:** Hi, is Rachel here? I’m her sister.

**Rachel:** Oh my God, Jill!

**Jill:** Oh my God, Rachel!

*(They run and hug each other.)*

**Chandler:** Oh my God, [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] us!

**Rachel:** This is Chandler. *(Points at him.)*

**Jill:** Hi!

**Rachel:** And you know Monica and Ross!

**Ross:** Hi Jill.

**Rachel:** And that’s Phoebe *(points)*, and that’s Joey.

**Joey:** Hey, *(in the Joey voice)* how you doin’?

**Rachel:** Don’t!! *(Joey backs away frightened.)*


> [!scene] The final one is from Episode 607: The One Where Phoebe Runs, Joey has been trying to repel Janice and sees it’s not working to his liking so he’s confronting her about the sexual tension.

**Janine:** No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.

**Joey:** Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#repel\|repel]] you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.

**Janine:** I don't think so.

**Joey:** Oh, I do. *(Gives her the Joey-love look.)* How you doin?

**Janine:** I'm okay.

**Joey:** What?!?! Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] God!


> [!scene] Cut to the interview.

**Joey:** Not much to tell there I’m really [[Friends-词汇总表#shy\|shy]].

*(The gang is confused.)*

**The Interviewer:** So, that’s it. I guess that’s all I need. Thank you so much. I think they will be running this in the beginning of next month.

**Joey:** Oh great! Great! Thank you. *(They shake hands.)*

**The Interviewer:** Bye.

**Joey:** Bye-bye. *(The interviewer leaves and he sits down with the rest of the gang.)* I did it!

**Rachel:** Yeah!

**Ross:** Amazing! Amazing!

**The Interviewer:** *(returning)* Oh wait! I almost forgot. We have to ask everybody this. Other than Days of Our Lives, what’s your favorite soap opera?

**Joey:** Oh, I don’t watch [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|operas]]. Excuse me, I have a life, y’know?

*(The gang is disappointed.)*

**The Interviewer:** Thank you. The readers at Soap Opera Digest will be happy to hear that.

**Joey:** Oh, good to know. *(The interviewer leaves.)* So close!


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, everyone is reading Joey’s interview.

**Rachel:** Wow! I can’t believe they didn’t put it in the part where you said you didn’t watch [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|operas]].

**Joey:** Yeah, I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.

**Monica:** You slept with her didn’t you?

**Joey:** Little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]], yeah.

**Ross:** Wow! This picture of you sure is [[Friends-词汇总表#steamy\|steamy]].

**Joey:** Oh yeah, that’s just a little something for my huge gay fan base.

*(Winks at him.)*

**Ross:** Did you just [[Friends-词汇总表#wink\|wink]] at me?

**Joey:** Hey, you’re the one that loves the picture.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（39）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 6 | 92 | 56 | *Three down knows I’m married, what’s three down doin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *Fine! All right, I’ll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 3 | 162 | 106 | *He has the most amazing Porsche under there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y’know the publicity would b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Come on! We will be there for you the whole time! Just remember gal pal Rachel Green.  Ha-ha! I’m go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 2 | 126 | 70 | *Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 2 | 228 | 137 | *Uh, we stars just try to eat right and get lots of exercise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *It hurts me. It physically hurts me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for * |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Three down, Days Of Our Lives star blank Tribbiani. That’s me!! I’m blank!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Three down knows I’m married, what’s three down doin’?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal!  Yeah, my pants are a little loose!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Not anymore.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, I don’t believe in these crazy diets y’know, just everything in moderation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *Now I’ve upset you? What did I say?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *I’d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Hi, is Rachel here? I’m her sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Oh, I don’t watch soap operas. Excuse me, I have a life, y’know?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Yeah, I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Yeah, I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.* |

### 常用词（62）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 6 | 46 | 26 | *So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] | /'ɒpәrә/ | n. 歌剧 | n. a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and a | 4 | 24 | 14 | *So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 3 | 57 | 33 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 3 | 34 | 26 | *Get your foot off my contestant! Judge!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] | /'mʌfin/ | n. 松饼 | n. a sweet quick bread baked in a cup-shaped pan | 2 | 23 | 14 | *And I’ll have all the muffins.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 2 | 69 | 43 | *Thank you. Wait-wait-wait-wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 2 | 35 | 21 | *Oh yeah, I’d actually love a blueberry muffin and a chamomile tea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] | /'stʌmәk/ | n. 胃, 食欲, 欲望, 肚子 | n. an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal | 2 | 18 | 13 | *Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 2 | 32 | 22 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 2 | 25 | 18 | *Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we’re face to face or-or should I climb down you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y’know the publicity would b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y’know the publicity would b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Is that gal pal spelled L-O-S-E-R?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *Come on! We will be there for you the whole time! Just remember gal pal Rachel Green.  Ha-ha! I’m go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *Come on! We will be there for you the whole time! Just remember gal pal Rachel Green.  Ha-ha! I’m go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] | /'ɒbviәs/ | a. 明显的, 明白的, 显然的, 平淡无奇的 | a. easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind | 1 | 20 | 17 | *You think we’re being obvious?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] | /nek/ | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈 | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *No, we’re just four people with neck problems. You talk like this.* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Shhh! We’re not talking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#folk\|folk]] | /fәuk/ | n. 人们, 家人, 亲属, 民族 | n. people in general (often used in the plural) | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] | /ri'fridʒәreitә/ | n. 电冰箱, 冷藏库 | n. white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *This is the first time he’s ever used this product, he's never used this product before, you're gonn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] | /'evri'dei/ | a. 每天的, 日常的, 平常的 | s. found in the ordinary course of events | 1 | 19 | 19 | *Wow, it is easy.  Now, I can have milk everyday.* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comin\|comin]] |  | n. (Comin)人名；(西、意)科明；(法)科曼 |  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thinkin\|thinkin]] |  | na. 〈口〉座谈会 |  | 1 | 22 | 19 | *Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bagel\|bagel]] | /'beiɡәl/ | n. 百吉饼（先蒸后烤的发面圈）；[俚]（体育比赛中）零蛋 | n. (Yiddish) glazed yeast-raised doughnut-shaped roll with hard crust | 1 | 12 | 11 | *And a bagel with only…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] | /klaun/ | n. 小丑, 乡下人 | n. a rude or vulgar fool | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breath\|breath]] | /breθ/ | n. 呼吸, 气息, 瞬间 | n. the process of taking in and expelling air during breathing | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 1 | 28 | 21 | *In my spare time I uh, read to the blind. And I’m also a mento for the kids. Y’know a mento, a role * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meal\|meal]] | /mi:l/ | n. 一餐, 膳食, 粗粉 | n. the food served and eaten at one time | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal!  Yeah, my pants are a little loose!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] | /lu:s/ | n. 发射, 放任, 放纵 | a. not compact or dense in structure or arrangement | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal!  Yeah, my pants are a little loose!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lift\|lift]] | /lift/ | n. 举起, 帮助, 昂扬, 电梯 | n. the act of giving temporary assistance | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh* |
| kay | /kei/ | n. 字母K, K字形物 |  | 1 | 17 | 13 | *No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] | /skrætʃ/ | n. 抓痕, 搔, 抓, 擦伤, 刮擦声, 乱写, 零分, 起跑线 | n. a competitor who has withdrawn from competition | 1 | 16 | 14 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] | /im'pres/ | n. 印象, 特征, 印记 | n. the act of coercing someone into government service | 1 | 16 | 15 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] | /hwip/ | n. 鞭子, 抽打, 车夫, 搅拌器 | n. an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping | 1 | 21 | 17 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *It tastes like feet!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Goooooood.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] | /dʒɑ:/ | n. 广口瓶, 震动, 刺耳声 | n. a vessel (usually cylindrical) with a wide mouth and without handles | 1 | 14 | 13 | *The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown * |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Oh! Yay! Look! There’s a piece that doesn’t have floor on it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#havin\|havin]] |  | n. (Havin)人名；(挪)哈温 |  | 1 | 12 | 10 | *All right, what are we havin’?* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 1 | 49 | 29 | *Umm, Phoebe Buffay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredibly\|incredibly]] | /in'kredәbli/ | adv. 不能相信地 | r. not easy to believe | 1 | 18 | 18 | *All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] | /'gilti/ | a. 犯罪的, 有过失的, 自觉有错的, 心虚的 | a. responsible for or chargeable with a reprehensible act | 1 | 16 | 15 | *All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damn* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 1 | 87 | 38 | *Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#duck\|duck]] | /dʌk/ | n. 鸭子 | n. small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually havi | 1 | 63 | 32 | *And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Ohh, tough call.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you...  Ewwww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bend]] | /bend/ | vi. 变弯曲, 屈服 | n. a circular segment of a curve | 1 | 10 | 10 | *You can’t say that!! You-you don’t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anywa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|refer]] | /ri'fә:/ | vt. 提交, 归诸于, 把...提交, 使求助于 | v. be relevant to | 1 | 10 | 10 | *What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] | /pri'fә:/ | vt. 宁可, 较喜欢, 提出 | v. like better; value more highly | 1 | 15 | 15 | *I prefer not to answer that right now, I’m still carrying a little holiday weight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nap\|nap]] | /næp/ | n. 小睡, 稍睡, 细毛, 孤注一掷 | n. a soft or fuzzy surface texture | 1 | 28 | 20 | *Great nap.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Oh my God, introduce us!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'kn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *What?!?! Oh dear God!* |

### 低频词（80）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gal\|gal]] | /^æl/ | [化] 伽(重力加速度单位,等于1厘米/秒,2) | n. a unit of gravitational acceleration equal to one centimeter per second per s | 5 | 9 | 5 | *Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y’know the publicity would b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#digest\|digest]] | /di'dʒest/ | n. 文摘 | n. a periodical that summarizes the news | 4 | 8 | 5 | *So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mento\|mento]] | /'mentəʊ/ | [医]颏 |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *In my spare time I uh, read to the blind. And I’m also a mento for the kids. Y’know a mento, a role * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#custard\|custard]] | /'kʌstәd/ | n. 蛋奶糕 | n. sweetened mixture of milk and eggs baked or boiled or frozen | 3 | 8 | 3 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| ewwww |  | [网络] 芹菜啦 |  | 3 | 6 | 2 | *Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you...  Ewwww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crossword\|crossword]] | /'krɔswә:d/ | n. 纵横填字游戏, 纵横填字字谜 | n a puzzle in which words corresponding to numbered clues are to be found and wr | 2 | 9 | 6 | *So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzle]] | /'pʌzl/ | n. 难题, 迷惑 | n. a particularly baffling problem that is said to have a correct solution | 2 | 9 | 7 | *So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blank\|blank]] | /blæŋk/ | n. 空格, 空白 | n. a piece of material ready to be made into something | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Three down, Days Of Our Lives star blank Tribbiani. That’s me!! I’m blank!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#copier\|copier]] | /'kɔpiә/ | n. 誊写者, 模仿者, 抄写员 | n apparatus that makes copies of typed, written or drawn material | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guard\|guard]] | /gɑ:d/ | n. 守卫者, 警戒, 护卫队, 防护装置 | n. a person who keeps watch over something or someone | 2 | 15 | 9 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#layer\|layer]] | /'leiә/ | n. 层, 产卵鸡, 放置者 | n. single thickness of usually some homogeneous substance | 2 | 11 | 9 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ladyfinger\|ladyfinger]] | /'leidifiŋgә/ | n. 小松糕 | n. small finger-shaped sponge cake | 2 | 4 | 2 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jam]] | /dʒæm/ | n. 果酱, 拥塞之物, 堵塞, 困境 | n. preserve of crushed fruit | 2 | 23 | 9 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shelley\|shelley]] | /'ʃeli/ | n. 谢莉（女子名） | n. English writer who created Frankenstein's monster and married Percy Bysshe Sh | 2 | 4 | 2 | *You guys, this is Shelley, she’s interviewing me for Soap Opera Digest, and Shelley, this are my fri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discovery\|discovery]] | /dis'kʌvәri/ | n. 发现, 被发现的事物 | n. the act of discovering something | 2 | 12 | 8 | *I’d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clue\|clue]] | /klu:/ | n. 线索, 暗示 | n. evidence that helps to solve a problem | 1 | 6 | 6 | *So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#writer\|writer]] | /'raitә/ | n. 作家, 撰稿者, 抄写员 | n. writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay) | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shaft\|shaft]] | /ʃæft/ | n. 轴, 箭杆, 矛, 矿井 | n. a line that forms the length of an arrow pointer | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#publicity\|publicity]] | /pʌb'lisiti/ | n. 名声, 宣传, 公开场合 | n. the quality of being open to public view | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y’know the publicity would b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dingle\|dingle]] | /'diŋgl/ | n. 小峡谷, 幽谷 | n a small wooded hollow | 1 | 3 | 3 | *All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#envy\|envy]] | /'envi/ | n. 羡慕, 嫉妒 | n. a feeling of grudging admiration and desire to have something that is possess | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tinkle\|tinkle]] | /'tiŋkl/ | n. 叮当声 | v. make or emit a high sound | 1 | 3 | 3 | *All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#darn\|darn]] | /dɑ:n/ | n. 织补 | v. repair by sewing | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|carton]] | /'kɑ:tn/ | n. 硬纸盒, 纸板箱 | n. the quantity contained in a carton | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk,  and t* |
| kevin | /'kenin/ | n. 凯文（男子名） | n. The gazelle. | 1 | 3 | 2 | *And there is Kevin.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#victor\|victor]] | /'viktә/ | n. 胜利者 | n. a combatant who is able to defeat rivals | 1 | 8 | 7 | *So this is it? Victor?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spaceship\|spaceship]] | /'speisʃip/ | n. 宇宙飞船 | n a spacecraft designed to carry a crew into interstellar space (especially in s | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, I guess it is. And so… I’m gonna get on this spaceship,  and I’m gonna go to Blargon 7 in sear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] | /trei/ | n. 托盘, 公文盘, 满盘, 发射箱 | n. an open receptacle for holding or displaying or serving articles or food | 1 | 17 | 9 | *Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blockin\|blockin]] |  | na. 画略图；设计；堵塞 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Thank you. Wait-wait-wait-wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blueberry\|blueberry]] | /'blu:bәri/ | n. 乌饭树 | n. any of numerous shrubs of the genus Vaccinium bearing blueberries | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh yeah, I’d actually love a blueberry muffin and a chamomile tea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chamomile\|chamomile]] | /' k æmәmail/ | [化] 春黄菊 | n. Eurasian plant with apple-scented foliage and white-rayed flowers and feather | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh yeah, I’d actually love a blueberry muffin and a chamomile tea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#latte\|latte]] | /ˈlɑ:teɪ/ | n. 拿铁咖啡 | n strong espresso coffee with a topping of frothed steamed milk | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Uh, double latte, extra foam.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foam\|foam]] | /fәum/ | n. 泡沫, 水沫, 泡沫材料 | n. a mass of small bubbles formed in or on a liquid | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Uh, double latte, extra foam.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#polite\|polite]] | /pә'lait/ | a. 有礼貌的, 文雅的, 客气的, 有教养的 | a. showing regard for others in manners, speech, behavior, etc. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I was just being polite!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jackass\|jackass]] | /'dʒækæs/ | n. 公驴, 愚蠢的人, 傻瓜 | n a man who is a stupid incompetent fool | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Look at this clown! Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.  G* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#productive\|productive]] | /prә'dʌktiv/ | a. 能生产的, 有生产价值的, 多产的 | a. producing or capable of producing (especially abundantly) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cowboy\|cowboy]] | /'kaubɒi/ | n. 牛仔, 牛郎, 牧童 | n. a hired hand who tends cattle and performs other duties on horseback | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relief\|relief]] | /ri'li:f/ | n. 减轻, 解除, 救济, 安慰, 调剂, 浮雕, 换班, (地势的)起伏 | n. the feeling that comes when something burdensome is removed or reduced | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah, that’s kinda a relief.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spare\|spare]] | /spєә/ | n. 剩余, 备用品, 备件, 备用零件, 备用轮胎 | n. a score in tenpins; knocking down all ten after rolling two balls | 1 | 10 | 8 | *In my spare time I uh, read to the blind. And I’m also a mento for the kids. Y’know a mento, a role * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jinx\|jinx]] | /dʒiŋks/ | n. 不祥物, 厄运 | v. foredoom to failure | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hernia\|hernia]] | /'hә:niә/ | n. 疝气 | n. rupture in smooth muscle tissue through which a bodily structure protrudes | 1 | 7 | 4 | *This sounds like a hernia. You have to—you-you—Go to the doctor!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trifle\|trifle]] | /'traifl/ | n. 琐事, 少量 | n. a cold pudding made of layers of sponge cake spread with fruit or jelly; may  | 1 | 8 | 2 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raspberry\|raspberry]] | /'ræzbәri/ | n. 悬钩子, 呸声 | n. woody brambles bearing usually red but sometimes black or yellow fruits that  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beef\|beef]] | /bi:f/ | n. 牛肉, 肌肉 | n. cattle that are reared for their meat | 1 | 13 | 6 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saute\|saute]] |  | n. 炒菜肴, 嫩煎的菜肴, 炸菜肴 | n. a dish of sauteed food | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pea\|pea]] | /pi:/ | n. 豌豆, 似豌豆的东西 | n. seed of a pea plant used for food | 1 | 6 | 5 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#onion\|onion]] | /'ʌnjәn/ | n. 洋葱 | n. the bulb of an onion plant | 1 | 9 | 7 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#banana\|banana]] | /bә'nɑ:nә/ | n. 香蕉 | n. any of several tropical and subtropical treelike herbs of the genus Musa havi | 1 | 13 | 6 | *It’s a trifle. It’s got all of these layers. First there’s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of j* |
| goooooood |  | [网络] 查看更多；一首情歌 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Goooooood.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|lime]] | /laim/ | n. 石灰, 粘鸟胶, 酸橙 | n. any of various related trees bearing limes | 1 | 7 | 5 | *The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes—Hey, what was in that brown * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moderation\|moderation]] | /.mɒdә'reiʃәn/ | n. 缓和, 适度, 温和 | n. quality of being moderate and avoiding extremes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uhh, I don’t believe in these crazy diets y’know, just everything in moderation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirt\|dirt]] | /dә:t/ | n. 污垢, 泥土 | n. the state of being covered with unclean things | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hi! I’m gal pal Rachel Green, and if you want the dirt, I’m the one you come too. This might be Joey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unborn\|unborn]] | /.ʌn'bɒ:n/ | a. 未诞生的, 未来的, 在胎内的 | a. not yet brought into existence | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Who just lost the respect of her unborn child.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] | /'tru:li/ | adv. 真实地, 不假 | r. in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Yeah, that’s gonna get you into Soap Opera Digest. Well I……I would just like to say that Joey truly * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enrich\|enrich]] | /in'ritʃ/ | vt. 使富足, 使肥沃 | v. make better or improve in quality | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, that’s gonna get you into Soap Opera Digest. Well I……I would just like to say that Joey truly * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ebe\|ebe]] |  | 电子束曝光 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh okay, it’s P as in Phoebe, H as in hoebe, O as in oebe, E as in ebe, B as in bee-bee and E as in * |
| ello |  | [网络] 艾罗；埃洛；学地道英语的宝藏 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh okay, it’s P as in Phoebe, H as in hoebe, O as in oebe, E as in ebe, B as in bee-bee and E as in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]] | /meit/ | n. 配偶, 对手, 助手, (象棋)将死 | n. the officer below the master on a commercial ship | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Oh okay, it’s P as in Phoebe, H as in hoebe, O as in oebe, E as in ebe, B as in bee-bee and E as in * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bud\|bud]] | /bʌd/ | n. 芽, 花蕾 | n. a partially opened flower | 1 | 5 | 3 | *No, I can't. No-no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bracelet\|bracelet]] | /'breislit/ | n. 手镯 | n. jewelry worn around the wrist for decoration | 1 | 18 | 5 | *Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]] | /stein/ | n. 污染, 污点, 着色剂 | n. a soiled or discolored appearance | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Oh but look! That’s gonna leave a stain!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contestant\|contestant]] | /kәn'testәnt/ | n. 竞争者 | n. a person who participates in competitions | 1 | 7 | 5 | *All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#isolation\|isolation]] | /.aisә'leiʃәn/ | n. 隔绝, 孤立, 隔离 | n. a state of separation between persons or groups | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#booth\|booth]] | /bu:θ/ | n. 亭, 摊棚 | n. a table (in a restaurant or bar) surrounded by two high-backed benches | 1 | 5 | 4 | *All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]] | /.vaiә'leiʃәn/ | n. 违反, 违背, 妨碍 | n. an act that disregards an agreement or a right | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Judge rules, no violation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonton\|wonton]] | /'wɒn'tɒn/ | n. 馄饨 | n a Chinese dumpling filled with spiced minced pork; usually served in soup | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jellyfish\|jellyfish]] | /'dʒelifiʃ/ | n. 水母, 海蜇, 意志薄弱的人 | n. any of numerous usually marine and free-swimming coelenterates that constitut | 1 | 6 | 2 | *Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you...  Ewwww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#physically\|physically]] | /'fizikli/ | adv. 按自然规律, 完全地, 实际上, 真正地, 身体上地 | r. in accord with physical laws | 1 | 8 | 7 | *It hurts me. It physically hurts me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#practical\|practical]] | /'præktikl/ | a. 实际的, 现实的, 实用性的 | a. concerned with actual use or practice | 1 | 8 | 7 | *What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compartment\|compartment]] | /kәm'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 分隔间, 卧车包房, 防水舱隔 | n. a space into which an area is subdivided | 1 | 4 | 4 | *What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]] | /'wɒlit/ | n. 皮夹 | n. a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money | 1 | 9 | 9 | *What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weigh\|weigh]] | /wei/ | vt. 称...重量, 衡量, 把...压弯, 考虑, 权衡, 起锚 | v. have a certain weight | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manly\|manly]] | /'mænli/ | a. 象男人的, 强壮的, 适于男人的 | a. possessing qualities befitting a man | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]] | /slʌt/ | n. 懒妇, 荡妇 | n a dirty untidy woman | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#porsche\|porsche]] |  | n. 保时捷（德国知名汽车厂商或其出产的轿车品牌名） |  | 1 | 34 | 7 | *He has the most amazing Porsche under there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tuck\|tuck]] | /tʌk/ | n. 缝褶, 活力, 鼓声, 船尾突出部, 食品 | n. eatables (especially sweets) | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I’d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repel\|repel]] | /ri'pel/ | vt. 逐退, 抵制, 使厌恶, 抗御 | v. cause to move back by force or influence | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shy\|shy]] | /ʃai/ | n. 惊跳, 惊避 | n. a quick throw | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Not much to tell there I’m really shy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steamy\|steamy]] | /'sti:mi/ | a. 蒸汽的, 充满蒸汽的 | s filled with steam or emitting moisture in the form of vapor or mist | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Wow! This picture of you sure is steamy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wink\|wink]] | /wiŋk/ | n. 眨眼, 使眼色, 瞬间 | n. closing one eye quickly as a signal | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Did you just wink at me?* |
