---
season: 8
episode: "07"
title: "The One With The Stain"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S08E07 — The One With The Stain

*Written by: R. Lee Fleming, Jr. Dutch Phrases by: Kenny Walgraef*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is sitting in the living room as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey.

*(Monica notices something.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God! You cleaned! *(Gasps)* Look at these floors! You did the windows! Oh, I have been [[Friends-词汇总表#beg\|begging]] you for months and you did! You cleaned! And [[Friends-词汇总表#nag\|nagging]] works!

**Chandler:** Y’know uh, I didn’t actually do this.

**Monica:** Oh no, was I cleaning in my sleep again?

**Chandler:** No, it wasn’t you.

**Monica:** Well then who?

**Chandler:** I got a [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]]. Yay!

**Monica:** *(shocked)* I hope by [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] you mean [[Friends-词汇总表#mistress\|mistress]], because if some other woman was here cleaning then…

**Chandler:** Uh honey, I know you don’t like to [[Friends-词汇总表#relinquish\|relinquish]] control…

**Monica:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#relinquish\|relinquish]] is just a [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] word for lose!

**Chandler:** Look, she’s really nice. Okay? And she [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mentioned]] that she [[Friends-词汇总表#adore\|adored]] the way that you [[Friends-词汇总表#arrange\|arranged]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#sponge\|sponges]].

**Monica:** Did she really say that?

**Chandler:** Yes, I [[Friends-词汇总表#distinctly\|distinctly]] remember ‘cause I thought it was a joke. Now just give her a chance, okay?

**Monica:** Fine, I can do it. *(Gets anxious.)* Whew.

**Chandler:** What’s the matter?

**Monica:** Well, usually when I’m this [[Friends-词汇总表#anxious\|anxious]], I clean!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are there as someone’s cell phone starts to ring with one of those fancy ring tones.

**Phoebe:** *(looking around)* Who’s cell phone is that? It’s just so [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]]; [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] you go.

**Ross:** I think it’s coming from your bag.

**Phoebe:** *(checks)* I never get calls!! *(Answers the phone)* Hello?

**Eric:** Hi, it’s Eric. From the Halloween party, Ursula’s [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]].

**Phoebe:** Oh my God Eric hi! Wait, how’d you get this number?

**Eric:** Oh, I have a friend who’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] and he got it for me.

**Phoebe:** Wow! What an incredible [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]]—and wonderful surprise.

**Eric:** Uh listen, I just—I thought you should know I broke up with Ursula.

**Phoebe:** Oh you did? *(To Rachel)* He did it! He did it!

**Rachel:** Wow! What did he do?

**Phoebe:** Shhh! I’m talking.

**Eric:** Anyway, I was wondering if, you were the sort of person who…eats [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Phoebe:** Are you asking me out? ‘Cause it would be kinda weird since you just broke up with my sister.

**Eric:** Yeah uh…okay. I’m-I’m sorry. Bye.

**Phoebe:** No! Wait! I was just saying that so you’d think I was a good person. Fight for me.

**Eric:** Uhh, I won’t take no for an answer.

**Phoebe:** Not great, but we can work on it at [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]. Okay, I can be at your apartment in two hours.

**Eric:** Great! But wh-wh—How do you know where I live?

**Phoebe:** I’ve got friends too. Okay, bye.

**Eric:** Bye.

*(She hangs up.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! I’m going out with Eric! Ooh, this day is really gonna be so much better than I thought it was gonna be. Oh Ross, I can’t make [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

*(Exits.)*

**Ross:** So apparently I’m available for [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Rachel:** I can’t. I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]]. I’m apartment [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunting]].

**Ross:** You’re moving?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I can’t live with Joey once the baby comes. I don’t want my child’s first words to be, *(in a baby’s voice)* "How you doin’?"

**Ross:** So does-does Joey know you’re moving?

**Rachel:** Well, I haven’t discussed it with him yet, but I know he’s gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#relieve\|relieved]]. Last week, he brought this girl over and I started talking to her about morning [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] and then I showed her pictures from my [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] book.

**Ross:** That’s not really porn.

**Rachel:** Not so much.

**Ross:** Hey, y’know what and if you’re looking for a place? I just heard in the [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] this morning that a woman in my building died.

**Rachel:** Oh my God! Was she old? Does she have a view?

**Ross:** Well I don’t know, but how-how great would that be huh? You living in my building. I could help take care of the baby. I can come over [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] I want. *(Rachel looks at him.)* With your permission.

**Rachel:** Yeah that would really be great.

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Well can we see it?! Oh maybe we shouldn’t. I mean if she just died this morning out of respect.

**Ross:** Yeah. No. No you’re right.

*(Pause as they both take another sip of coffee.)*

**Rachel:** Shall we?

**Ross:** Yeah.

*(They both exit.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross’s Building, they are approaching the apartment of the woman who died. Ross knocks on the door and a woman answers it.] Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: Yes?

**Ross:** Hi. I’m Ross Geller. I live in the building.

**Rachel:** And I’m Rachel, an [[Friends-词汇总表#admirer\|admirer]] of the building.

**Ross:** I-I heard about Mrs. Verhoeven passing away and I’m so sorry for your loss. Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: She didn’t pass.

**Ross:** What? Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: My mother’s still [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]].

**Ross:** Oh, thank God! Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: It looked like we were gonna lose her this morning, but she’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] old [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]].

**Rachel:** Ahh. Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: Are you close with her?

**Ross:** Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in *(Rachel pokes her head in and starts to look around)* the [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] room. *(Pushes Rachel out of the way.)* Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: You speak Dutch? *(In Dutch)* Zeer vereerd een vriend van mijn moeder te ontmoeten. *(Translation: I’m very honored to meet a friend of my mother.)*

**Ross:** Y’know I would it’s just [[Friends-词汇总表#painful\|painful]].

**Rachel:** So she’s really not dead. Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: No, she’s hanging in there.

**Rachel:** Hmm. Do you think—Could you tell me if she’s hanging in, in a one [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] or a two?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is observing the new maid, Brenda, clean.

**Brenda:** Mrs. Bing, this [[Friends-词汇总表#tile\|tile]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cleaner\|cleaner]] is incredible! Where’d you get it?

**Monica:** Oh well umm, I make it myself! It’s two parts [[Friends-词汇总表#ammonia\|ammonia]] and one part [[Friends-词汇总表#lemon\|lemon]] [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]]. And now the [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ingredient\|ingredient]] is…y’know what? We just met.

**Brenda:** Okay. Uhh, I’m gonna go get the clothes from the [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] room now. And, when I come back I’ll clean behind the [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]].

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* I love her.

**Brenda:** I’ll be back in a minute.

**Monica:** Okay. *(As Brenda exits Monica notices something.)*

**Chandler:** See? I told you.

**Monica:** She stole my [[Friends-词汇总表#jean\|jeans]]!

**Chandler:** *(pause)* What?

**Monica:** I have been looking for them all week and she is wearing them!

**Chandler:** So she stole your pants and then she came back and wore them in front of you?

**Monica:** Don’t you see? It’s the perfect crime!

**Chandler:** She must’ve been planning this for years!

**Monica:** I will [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those [[Friends-词汇总表#jean\|jeans]] and I dropped a [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] in my [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] and it left an [[Friends-词汇总表#ink\|ink]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#crotch\|crotch]]. Now when she comes back I will find it and show you that stain!

**Chandler:** Honey, isn’t it possible that the company that sold the [[Friends-词汇总表#jean\|jeans]] made more than just the one [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]]?

**Monica:** I guess.

**Chandler:** So, shouldn’t we go give her the benefit of the [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] before we go…snooping around her [[Friends-词汇总表#crotch\|crotch]]?

**Monica:** Fine. I’m just glad I didn’t give her my [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ingredient\|ingredient]].

**Chandler:** Out of [[Friends-词汇总表#curiosity\|curiosity]], what is your [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ingredient\|ingredient]]?

**Monica:** Yeah! *(Laughs.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Eric’s Apartment, he’s opening the door to reveal Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** Hi!

**Eric:** Come in, I’m so glad you’re here.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, me too. Not in the [[Friends-词汇总表#shaky\|shaky]] [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] way you are though.

**Eric:** Sorry, I just saw Ursula. I had to give the [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] ring back.

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Eric:** Just seeing her brought it all back. All the lies, the way she used me. I just…I got so [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] just looking at her…*(Looks at Phoebe)*…face.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. *(Covers her face with her hand.)* Yeah.

**Eric:** I’m sorry. I just…when I look at you I see her. When I see her I get a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]].

**Phoebe:** Maybe this is too weird.

**Eric:** No wait! There’s only a problem when I look at you. *(Sits down on the couch.)* Oh I got it! I got it. *(Puts his hands to his eyes.)*

**Phoebe:** No don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] out your eyes!!

**Eric:** I was just, I was just gonna take out my [[Friends-词汇总表#lens\|lenses]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah try that. *(He finishes and looks at her.)* So, is that better?

**Eric:** Not really. You…you’re [[Friends-词汇总表#blurry\|blurry]], but you still look like Ursula. You’re Blursula. Okay wait. Maybe…If I-if I just don’t look at you for a while. *(Stands up and turns his back to her.)* See? It…it works. I’m not, I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] at all anymore! This is a great date!

**Phoebe:** Look Eric, turn around. *(He does so.)* Look, I like you, but it shouldn’t be this hard. Y’know? This is our first date y’know? First dates are supposed to be about [[Friends-词汇总表#excitement\|excitement]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#electricity\|electricity]] and ‘Ooh, he just touched my hand, did he mean to touch my hand?’ and y’know first kisses and…*(He kisses her)*…second kisses. *(Motions for him to kiss her again which he does and they start to make out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross is reading some book and Gunther serves him a cup of coffee.

**Ross:** Thanks for the coffee, or bedankt voor de koffie, Gunter. *(He translates that phrase into Dutch.)*

**Gunther:** Jij spreekt Nederlands? Dat is te [[Friends-词汇总表#gek\|gek]]. Heb je familie daar?

*(Translation: You speak Dutch  That's cool.  Do you have relatives there?)*

**Ross:** Yeah, we’re done.

**Gunther:** Ezel. *(Translation: Donkey)*

**Ross:** Ezel? Ezel? Ezel? *(Looks it up in his book.)*

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey Ross! Listen, do you want to go see that new Imax movie on [[Friends-词汇总表#tide\|tide]] pools?

**Ross:** Really?!

**Joey:** *(laughs)* No. But I got Knicks [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] for you, me, and Chandler.

**Ross:** Sweet!

**Joey:** All right, well finish your coffee; let’s go.

**Ross:** Okay I-I just have to stop by my place first.

**Joey:** To [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] the game? You do this every time Ross, you’re not gonna be on TV!

**Ross:** No-no, I-I have to see if this apartment became available.

**Joey:** Oh, you’re switching apartments?

**Ross:** It’s not for me, it’s for Rachel.

**Joey:** But Rachel has an apartment.

**Ross:** Yeah, but when the baby comes she’s gonna want to move.

**Joey:** She is?

**Ross:** Yeah, you didn’t expect her to live there with a baby did you?

**Joey:** I guess I didn’t really think about it.

**Ross:** *(finds the word in the book)* Ezel! *(Reads the translation.)* Hey Gunther! You’re an [[Friends-词汇总表#ezel\|ezel]]!

**Gunther:** Jij hebt seks met [[Friends-词汇总表#ezels\|ezels]]. *(Translation: You have sex with donkeys.)*

**Ross:** Damnit!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Brenda is sweeping and Monica is sitting at the kitchen table.

**Monica:** Nice [[Friends-词汇总表#jean\|jeans]]!

**Brenda:** Oh thanks! I like your top.

**Monica:** Oh. *(Holds on to it.)* *(To herself)* You’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]]’ it.

*(Brenda bends down to use the dustpan and Monica leans over to look for the stain, but leans so far over she falls out of the chair.)*

**Brenda:** What happened?!

**Monica:** Oh, I [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]].

**Brenda:** I was thinking about taking my [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] break.

**Monica:** Oh, will you do the top of the [[Friends-词汇总表#cabinet\|cabinets]]? That’ll really work up your [[Friends-词汇总表#appetite\|appetite]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Brenda:** All right.

*(Brenda pulls a chair to the counter and uses it to get up on the counter in order to clean the top of the cabinets. Monica sneaks over, bends over, and tries to see the stain. That doesn’t work so she sticks her head between Brenda’s legs. Suddenly Brenda changes her stance and traps Monica’s head between her legs.)*

**Monica:** Hello.

**Brenda:** What’s going on?!

**Monica:** I’m sorry. I’ve never had a [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] before, is this not okay?


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is eating pizza as Joey returns from the Knicks game.

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Rachel:** How was the game?

**Joey:** Oh, okay. I…I ate way too much.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Joey:** Ooh. *(Notices the pizza, grabs a slice, and takes a bite.)* So umm, I was [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]]’ to Ross and he said you were looking for a new place.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah! Hopefully across the street if certain Dutch people would just let go.

**Joey:** I was kinda hoping you’d stay.

**Rachel:** Oh but Joey, I have to go. There’s no room for a baby here.

**Joey:** No room? It’s a baby. It’s like this big. *(Holds his hands about a foot apart.)* Y’know, I mean you-you could you could put it over here. *(A desk.)* Or-or-or we could put it right here. *(The chair.)* Aw, it’s cute, right? Or-or we could put it over here. *(By the bathroom door.)* You wouldn’t even notice it. Where’s the baby? *(Mumbles that it’s over in the corner.)*

**Rachel:** Honey, it’s not just a matter of where you put it. I mean a baby changes everything. They cry all the time. I mean [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] bringing home some girl and trying to score when there’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screaming]] baby around.

**Joey:** I could use a challenge! It’s getting pretty easy.

**Rachel:** Honey, it’s so sweet that you want me to stay, but I-I can’t do that to you. I mean it would [[Friends-词汇总表#disrupt\|disrupt]] your entire life.

**Joey:** I love living with you so much. I just wish things didn’t have to change.

**Rachel:** I know.

**Joey:** Y’know I [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] Ross for this.

**Rachel:** I do too a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]].

**Joey:** I’m gonna miss you, you’re the [[Friends-词汇总表#hottest\|hottest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] I ever had.


> [!scene] Scene: Eric’s Apartment, he and Phoebe are still making out.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, oh no! I have to go! I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]].

**Eric:** Oh no, stay here we’ll keep doing this. I’ll pay you.

**Phoebe:** No, I got in [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] for that before. I’ll see you later.

**Eric:** Absolutely. *(They kiss and Phoebe heads for the door.)* I love the way you kiss.

**Phoebe:** Really? That’s the thing I’m worse at! You’ll see.

*(Exits.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Brenda is shaking out the rugs on the balcony as Monica pouts in the living room.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hi!

**Monica:** Hey! Umm, I think Brenda needs a [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]].

**Chandler:** How come?

**Monica:** Because I put my head between her [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|legs]].

**Chandler:** To see her pants?

**Monica:** They’re my pants!

**Chandler:** Are you sure? Did you see the [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]]?

**Monica:** No! I was just getting into position and then everything went dark.

**Chandler:** God! She is not stealing from us! Okay, will you let this go?

**Monica:** Fine. *(Brenda comes in to use the bathroom and adjusts her pink bra strap on the way.)* She’s wearing my [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]!

**Chandler:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] God!

**Monica:** My pink flowered [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]! I [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#strap\|strap]]!

**Chandler:** And yet you don’t [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] that you’re crazy.

**Monica:** Here’s the plan! Okay? I’m going to leave you get a look at Brenda’s [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]!

**Chandler:** Here’s another plan…No!

**Monica:** I would do it but she thinks I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attracted]] to her!

**Chandler:** Why?

**Monica:** Did you not hear where my head was? Come on! Come on we’re a team! We’re in this together!

**Chandler:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#jury\|jury]] will see it the same way!

**Monica:** Do this for me! Come on, I catch you looking at woman’s breasts all the time!

**Chandler:** You see that?

**Monica:** Do you see this? *(Mimics him drooling over a woman’s breasts.)*

**Chandler:** All right. Yes. Okay. I get your point. But if it’s not your [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] will you just let the woman clean the apartment?!

**Monica:** Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you’ll know it’s mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there’s a very [[Friends-词汇总表#noticeable\|noticeable]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]].

**Chandler:** You need new clothes.


> [!scene] Scene: Mrs. Verhoeven’s Apartment, Ross is back to inquire about the elder Verhoeven’s health or lack there of.

**Ross:** Hi. How is she? Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: It’s not looking good.

**Ross:** *(happily)* Oh. *(Realizes then sadly)* Oh. Well I uh, I brought her some bloemen. *(Flowers in Dutch.)* Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: That’s so sweet. *(Takes the flowers.)* Would you like to come in and say good-bye? I’m sure it would mean a lot to her.

**Ross:** Oh I don’t know that it would. Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: Well, her memory is pretty much gone.

**Ross:** All right then. *(Follows her in and checks the place out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Eric’s Apartment, he’s resting on the bed as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Eric:** Welcome back!

**Phoebe:** Hey! *(Jumps on the bed with him.)* Can we pick up where we left off?

**Eric:** I don’t know, I’m still pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] out from this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]].

**Phoebe:** Why?

**Eric:** Uh, the sex.

**Phoebe:** What sex?

**Eric:** Our sex.

**Phoebe:** We didn’t have sex.

**Eric:** Well if I didn’t have sex with you, I had sex with someone that looked an [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] lot like…

**Phoebe:** *(simultaneously as Eric)* Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew!

**Eric:** *(simultaneously as Phoebe)* Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! No! No! No!

**Phoebe:** You-you…you had sex with Ursula?!

**Eric:** Uh, a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]. She-she-she walked in and I thought she was you and I kissed her and…

**Phoebe:** You didn’t notice she was wearing different clothes?!

**Eric:** Well I was just so excited to see you.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Ew! Ew! Ew! Ugh! Y’know what? This is too weird.

**Eric:** No-no it’s not! I don’t want to lose you! It’s-it’s like I was saying to Ursula when I was making love to her and I thought she was you—Yeah it is too weird.

**Phoebe:** So I guess this is it.

**Eric:** Yeah. *(They hug.)* Maybe it’s for the best. You smell just like her.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, so do you.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Brenda is wiping the coffee table and Chandler is trying to look at her bra and leans over on the coffee table to get a good look.

**Brenda:** *(noticing him)* What are you doing?

**Chandler:** I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|leaning]]. This is where I lean.

**Brenda:** Okay. (Goes over and [[Friends-词汇总表#fluff\|fluffs]] up the [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillows]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]].

**Chandler:** Brenda a [[Friends-词汇总表#bee\|bee]]!

**Brenda:** What?

**Chandler:** Yes! It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flown]] into your [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouse]] and you’d better [[Friends-词汇总表#undo\|undo]] your buttons [[Friends-词汇总表#lest\|lest]] it [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|sting]] you!

**Brenda:** I think I know what’s going on here.

**Chandler:** You do?

**Brenda:** Look, I know it must be hard that your wife is a lesbian, but it’s wrong. You’re married.

**Chandler:** I totally understand. *(They both laugh.)* Can I just see your [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]?


> [!scene] Scene: The Hallway, Monica is sitting on the step as Rachel returns.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Monica:** *(looking at Rachel’s jeans)* Where did you get those [[Friends-词汇总表#jean\|jeans]]?!

**Rachel:** You gave them to me!

**Monica:** No I didn’t!

**Rachel:** All right, I took them. But I figured it would be okay because you got a big [[Friends-词汇总表#ink\|ink]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#crotch\|crotch]].

**Monica:** Oh no! Did you take my [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] too?!

**Rachel:** What [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]?

**Monica:** The pink one with the flowers?!

**Rachel:** You mean the one that you’re wearing? *(Adjusts Monica’s pink bra strap as Monica looks down her shirt.)*

**Brenda:** *(entering)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]! *(Storms off.)*

**Monica:** Sounds about right.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel enters and notices that Joey has set up a space for the baby where the couch was, complete with a crib.

**Rachel:** What is this?

**Joey:** Hey! Uh, this is just to give you an idea. Okay well, we can put screens here, *(In front of the crib.)* so that the baby has privacy, and-and-and maybe a mobile over the [[Friends-词汇总表#crib\|crib]]. And uh—Oh look! Here’s a baby monitor *(Holds it up)*, which until the baby comes we can use as walkie-[[Friends-词汇总表#talkie\|talkies]]. Huh?

**Rachel:** You’re so sweet. *(Notices something in the crib.)* Oh my God! And you gave the baby Hugsy! *(A stuffed penguin wearing a ski jacket, goggles, and hat.)*

**Joey:** Ahhhhhhhhhhhh…. That-that-that’s really just to show where the baby would go. Y’know why don’t I hold on to him so that there’s no [[Friends-词汇总表#confusion\|confusion]]? *(Takes him back, sets him on the chair, and apologizes to him.)*

**Rachel:** But Joey the baby is going to be crying, it’s going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]].

**Joey:** I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]]!

**Rachel:** It’s gonna be up all night!

**Joey:** I’m up all night!

**Rachel:** It’s gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#poop\|poop]]!

**Joey:** Hello!

**Rachel:** What about all the women you want to bring home?

**Joey:** Look, if I’m bringing home a woman who can’t stand being around a baby, then maybe I don’t want to be with that woman! Or maybe we’ll just do it in the bathroom of the club!

**Rachel:** Joey, are you sure?

**Joey:** Yeah! All right—Look, I know sometimes it’ll be hard, okay? But, it’ll also be really…really great. Please Rachel! I-I-I really want you to stay.

**Rachel:** I want me to stay too.

**Joey:** Ohh!

**Rachel:** Thank you. *(They hug.)* Oh Joey and look at this [[Friends-词汇总表#crib\|crib]]! It’s so cute!

**Joey:** I know! I found it on the street.

**Rachel:** Are you serious—Really?! It’s in such good condition.

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Wow! Whoa-whoa what’s under the covers?

**Joey:** I don’t know.

**Rachel:** It’s moving.

**Joey:** Ew.

**Rachel:** It’s still—*(Screams)*—It’s got a [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tail]]! Get it out of here! Get it out of here!!

**Joey:** Ooh! Ah! Okay! *(Quickly drags the crib outside.)* Dedicated to the Memory of Pearl Harmon


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Rachel are toasting her staying put.

**Ross:** Well, the old lady died. And how do I know? Her dying wish was for one last kiss. But I don’t care, *(To Rachel)* because you got the apartment. Yes!

**Rachel:** Ewww. Yeah. Umm. I think I’m gonna stay here.

**Joey:** Isn’t that great?

**Ross:** *(stutters looking for words)* Ezels!!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（47）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 6 | 254 | 104 | *Not great, but we can work on it at lunch. Okay, I can be at your apartment in two hours.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 5 | 209 | 116 | *I have been looking for them all week and she is wearing them!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 4 | 266 | 138 | *Are you asking me out? ‘Cause it would be kinda weird since you just broke up with my sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 3 | 101 | 74 | *Oh, relinquish is just a fancy word for lose!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Yeah uh…okay. I’m-I’m sorry. Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 3 | 81 | 53 | *Okay. Uhh, I’m gonna go get the clothes from the laundry room now. And, when I come back I’ll clean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 3 | 132 | 68 | *So she stole your pants and then she came back and wore them in front of you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *I guess.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 2 | 60 | 51 | *Wow! What an incredible violation—and wonderful surprise.* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 2 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, I won’t take no for an answer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *So she’s really not dead. Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: No, she’s hanging in there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 2 | 71 | 58 | *She stole my jeans!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Fine. I’m just glad I didn’t give her my secret ingredient.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 2 | 219 | 100 | *Look Eric, turn around.  Look, I like you, but it shouldn’t be this hard. Y’know? This is our first * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *No room? It’s a baby. It’s like this big.  Y’know, I mean you-you could you could put it over here. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely.  I love the way you kiss.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Oh no, was I cleaning in my sleep again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Yes, I distinctly remember ‘cause I thought it was a joke. Now just give her a chance, okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Wow! What an incredible violation—and wonderful surprise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Wow! What an incredible violation—and wonderful surprise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway, I was wondering if, you were the sort of person who…eats lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Anyway, I was wondering if, you were the sort of person who…eats lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Are you asking me out? ‘Cause it would be kinda weird since you just broke up with my sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *No! Wait! I was just saying that so you’d think I was a good person. Fight for me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *So apparently I’m available for lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 1 | 92 | 56 | *Yeah, I can’t live with Joey once the baby comes. I don’t want my child’s first words to be,  "How y* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Hi. I’m Ross Geller. I live in the building.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in  the laundry room.  Mrs. Verhoeven's Dau* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Mrs. Bing, this tile cleaner is incredible! Where’d you get it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Just seeing her brought it all back. All the lies, the way she used me. I just…I got so angry just l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Not really. You…you’re blurry, but you still look like Ursula. You’re Blursula. Okay wait. Maybe…If * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Look Eric, turn around.  Look, I like you, but it shouldn’t be this hard. Y’know? This is our first * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *All right, well finish your coffee; let’s go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *What happened?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Oh, okay. I…I ate way too much.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *I was kinda hoping you’d stay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *Honey, it’s not just a matter of where you put it. I mean a baby changes everything. They cry all th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Really? That’s the thing I’m worse at! You’ll see.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *And yet you don’t recognize that you’re crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Do this for me! Come on, I catch you looking at woman’s breasts all the time!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you’ll know it’s mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Well I was just so excited to see you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Yeah.  Maybe it’s for the best. You smell just like her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Look, I know it must be hard that your wife is a lesbian, but it’s wrong. You’re married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *I totally understand.  Can I just see your bra?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Look, if I’m bringing home a woman who can’t stand being around a baby, then maybe I don’t want to b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Well, the old lady died. And how do I know? Her dying wish was for one last kiss. But I don’t care, * |

### 常用词（68）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 9 | 57 | 29 | *I-I heard about Mrs. Verhoeven passing away and I’m so sorry for your loss. Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughte* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 7 | 46 | 20 | *Fine.  She’s wearing my bra!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 6 | 92 | 47 | *Anyway, I was wondering if, you were the sort of person who…eats lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 4 | 28 | 22 | *Yeah, me too. Not in the shaky angry way you are though.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maid\|maid]] | /meid/ | n. 少女, 未婚女子, 女仆 | n. a female domestic | 3 | 38 | 15 | *I got a maid. Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 3 | 68 | 39 | *Oh well umm, I make it myself! It’s two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laundry\|laundry]] | /'lɒ:ndri/ | n. 洗衣店, 洗好的衣服, 洗涤 | n. garments or white goods that can be cleaned by laundering | 2 | 32 | 12 | *Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in  the laundry room.  Mrs. Verhoeven's Dau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] | /'rekәgnaiz/ | vt. 认出, 认可, 承认, 公认, 识别, 赏识 | v. be fully aware or cognizant of | 2 | 11 | 10 | *My pink flowered bra! I recognize the strap!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 2 | 37 | 30 | *But Joey the baby is going to be crying, it’s going to be loud.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beg\|beg]] | /beg/ | v. 乞求, 乞讨, 请求 | v. call upon in supplication; entreat | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Oh my God! You cleaned!  Look at these floors! You did the windows! Oh, I have been begging you for * |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *I got a maid. Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *Oh, relinquish is just a fancy word for lose!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Look, she’s really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the spong* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Fine, I can do it.  Whew.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Who’s cell phone is that? It’s just so annoying; everywhere you go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]] | /'evrihwєә/ | adv. 各处, 到处 | r. to or in any or all places; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere' | 1 | 25 | 21 | *Who’s cell phone is that? It’s just so annoying; everywhere you go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halloween\|halloween]] | /.hælәu'i:n/ | n. (基督教)万圣节前夕 | n. the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young p | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Hi, it’s Eric. From the Halloween party, Ursula’s fiance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cop\|cop]] | /kɒp/ | n. 警官 | n uncomplimentary terms for a policeman | 1 | 20 | 13 | *Oh, I have a friend who’s a cop and he got it for me.* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Shhh! I’m talking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *I can’t. I’m busy. I’m apartment hunting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] | /'siknis/ | n. 疾病, 不健康, 呕吐 | n. defectiveness or unsoundness | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Well, I haven’t discussed it with him yet, but I know he’s gonna be relieved. Last week, he brought * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] | /'preɡnәnsi/ | n. 怀孕；丰富, 多产；意义深长 | n. the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Well, I haven’t discussed it with him yet, but I know he’s gonna be relieved. Last week, he brought * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Hey, y’know what and if you’re looking for a place? I just heard in the elevator this morning that a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *Well I don’t know, but how-how great would that be huh? You living in my building. I could help take* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *What? Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: My mother’s still alive.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Oh, thank God! Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: It looked like we were gonna lose her this morning, but sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Oh, thank God! Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughter: It looked like we were gonna lose her this morning, but sh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#painful\|painful]] | /'peinful/ | a. 痛苦的, 困难的, 令人烦恼的 | a. causing physical or psychological pain | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Y’know I would it’s just painful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Hmm. Do you think—Could you tell me if she’s hanging in, in a one bedroom or a two?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 1 | 44 | 22 | *Oh well umm, I make it myself! It’s two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] | /ri'fridʒәreitә/ | n. 电冰箱, 冷藏库 | n. white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Okay. Uhh, I’m gonna go get the clothes from the laundry room now. And, when I come back I’ll clean * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pen\|pen]] | /pen/ | n. 钢笔, 笔, 笔调, 笔杆子, 作家, 围栏, 栅栏, 禽畜 | n. a writing implement with a point from which ink flows | 1 | 22 | 11 | *I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] | /læp/ | n. 膝盖, 舔, 一圈, 下摆, 衣兜, 山坳 | n. the upper side of the thighs of a seated person | 1 | 14 | 10 | *I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pair\|pair]] | /pєә/ | n. 一双, 一对, 一副 | n. a set of two similar things considered as a unit | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Honey, isn’t it possible that the company that sold the jeans made more than just the one pair?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] | /daut/ | n. 怀疑, 疑惑 | n. the state of being unsure of something | 1 | 17 | 14 | *So, shouldn’t we go give her the benefit of the doubt before we go…snooping around her crotch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] | /in'geidʒdmәnt/ | n. 诺言, 约会, 婚约, 交战 | n. employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited perio | 1 | 26 | 13 | *Sorry, I just saw Ursula. I had to give the engagement ring back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *No don’t tear out your eyes!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 1 | 38 | 14 | *No. But I got Knicks tickets for you, me, and Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 1 | 79 | 28 | *To tape the game? You do this every time Ross, you’re not gonna be on TV!* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gettin\|gettin]] |  |  | Northern slang for Git | 1 | 31 | 28 | *Oh.   You’re not gettin’ it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *Oh, I fell asleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *Oh, I fell asleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkin\|talkin]] |  | [人名] 托金 |  | 1 | 24 | 18 | *Ooh.  So umm, I was talkin’ to Ross and he said you were looking for a new place.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hopefully\|hopefully]] | /'hәjpfjli/ | adv. 有希望地, 如果希望能实现的话 | r. with hope; in a hopeful manner | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Oh yeah! Hopefully across the street if certain Dutch people would just let go.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Honey, it’s not just a matter of where you put it. I mean a baby changes everything. They cry all th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *Honey, it’s not just a matter of where you put it. I mean a baby changes everything. They cry all th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Y’know I blame Ross for this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *I’m gonna miss you, you’re the hottest roommate I ever had.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *Ooh, oh no! I have to go! I have a massage appointment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Ooh, oh no! I have to go! I have a massage appointment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *No, I got in trouble for that before. I’ll see you later.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *Hey! Umm, I think Brenda needs a raise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leg\|leg]] | /leg/ | n. 腿, 假腿, 路程 | n. a human limb; commonly used to refer to a whole limb but technically only the | 1 | 58 | 39 | *Because I put my head between her legs.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Oh dear God!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attract]] | /ә'trækt/ | vt. 吸引, 诱惑 | v. direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physi | 1 | 19 | 13 | *I would do it but she thinks I’m attracted to her!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]] | /fiә/ | n. 恐怖, 害怕, 担心 | n. an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usual | 1 | 29 | 14 | *I fear a jury will see it the same way!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] | /rip/ | n. 裂痕, 破绽, 拉裂, 浪子, 巨浪 | n. an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you’ll know it’s mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *I don’t know, I’m still pretty tired out from this afternoon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *I don’t know, I’m still pretty tired out from this afternoon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Well if I didn’t have sex with you, I had sex with someone that looked an awful lot like…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lean\|lean]] | /li:n/ | n. 瘦肉, 倾斜, 倾斜度 | v. to incline or bend from a vertical position | 1 | 10 | 10 | *I’m leaning. This is where I lean.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Okay. (Goes over and fluffs up the pillows on the couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *Okay. (Goes over and fluffs up the pillows on the couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *Yes! It’s flown into your blouse and you’d better undo your buttons lest it sting you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *I quit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tail]] | /teil/ | n. 尾部, 后部, 辫子, 随员, 特务, 燕尾服, 踪迹, 限定继承(权) | n. the posterior part of the body of a vertebrate especially when elongated and  | 1 | 16 | 12 | *It’s still——It’s got a tail! Get it out of here! Get it out of here!!* |

### 低频词（67）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| verhoeven |  | [网络] 范霍温；维霍文 |  | 10 | 10 | 1 | *I-I heard about Mrs. Verhoeven passing away and I’m so sorry for your loss. Mrs. Verhoeven's Daughte* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ezel\|ezel]] |  | [地名] 伊泽尔 ( 美 ) |  | 6 | 6 | 1 | *Ezel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jean\|jean]] | /dʒi:n/ | n. 牛仔裤, 牛仔布, 斜纹棉布 | n. (usually plural) close-fitting trousers of heavy denim for manual work or cas | 5 | 8 | 4 | *She stole my jeans!* |
| eric | /'erik/ | abbr. 科教资源信息中心（Educational Resources Information Center）；电子遥 | n. A recompense formerly given by a murderer to the relatives of | 4 | 14 | 7 | *Hi, it’s Eric. From the Halloween party, Ursula’s fiance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stain\|stain]] | /stein/ | n. 污染, 污点, 着色剂 | n. a soiled or discolored appearance | 4 | 10 | 7 | *I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ingredient\|ingredient]] | /in'gri:diәnt/ | n. 成分, 因素 | n. a component of a mixture or compound | 3 | 5 | 3 | *Oh well umm, I make it myself! It’s two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crotch\|crotch]] | /krɒtʃ/ | n. 分叉处, 丫叉, 胯部 | n. the angle formed by the inner sides of the legs where they join the human tru | 3 | 8 | 6 | *I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my l* |
| brenda | /'brendә/ | n. 布伦达（女子名） |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Hey! Umm, I think Brenda needs a raise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relinquish\|relinquish]] | /ri'liŋkwiʃ/ | vt. 放弃, 撤回, 停止, 松开, 让与 | v part with a possession or right | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Uh honey, I know you don’t like to relinquish control…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dutch\|dutch]] | /dʌtʃ/ | n. 荷兰人, 荷兰语 | n. the people of the Netherlands | 2 | 13 | 4 | *Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in  the laundry room.  Mrs. Verhoeven's Dau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ink\|ink]] | /iŋk/ | n. 墨水, 墨汁 | n. a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing | 2 | 7 | 6 | *I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ezels\|ezels]] |  | [地名] 伊泽尔 ( 美 ) |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Jij hebt seks met ezels.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crib\|crib]] | /krib/ | n. 婴儿小床, 食槽, 蓄栏 | n. baby bed with high sides made of slats | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Hey! Uh, this is just to give you an idea. Okay well, we can put screens here,  so that the baby has* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nag\|nag]] | /næg/ | n. 老马, 驽马, 劣等竞赛马, 唠叨 | v. bother persistently with trivial complaints | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God! You cleaned!  Look at these floors! You did the windows! Oh, I have been begging you for * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistress\|mistress]] | /'mistris/ | n. 主妇, 女主人, 情妇 | n. an adulterous woman; a woman who has an ongoing extramarital sexual relations | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I hope by maid you mean mistress, because if some other woman was here cleaning then…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adore\|adore]] | /ә'dɒ:/ | vt. 崇拜, 爱慕, 喜爱 | v. love intensely | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Look, she’s really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the spong* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrange\|arrange]] | /ә'reindʒ/ | v. 安排, 排列, 达成协议 | v. put into a proper or systematic order | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Look, she’s really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the spong* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sponge\|sponge]] | /spʌndʒ/ | n. 海绵, 海绵状的东西 | n. a porous mass of interlacing fibers that forms the internal skeleton of vario | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Look, she’s really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the spong* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#distinctly\|distinctly]] | /dis'tiŋktli/ | adv. 显然地, 明显地, 清楚地 | r. clear to the mind; with distinct mental discernment | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yes, I distinctly remember ‘cause I thought it was a joke. Now just give her a chance, okay?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anxious\|anxious]] | /'æŋʃәs/ | a. 忧虑的, 发愁的, 渴望的 | s. eagerly desirous | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, usually when I’m this anxious, I clean!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]] | /fi'ɒnsei/ | n. 未婚夫 | n. a man who is engaged to be married | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Hi, it’s Eric. From the Halloween party, Ursula’s fiance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#violation\|violation]] | /.vaiә'leiʃәn/ | n. 违反, 违背, 妨碍 | n. an act that disregards an agreement or a right | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Wow! What an incredible violation—and wonderful surprise.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] | /hʌnt/ | n. 狩猎, 追捕, 搜寻, 猎区 | n. Englishman and Pre-Raphaelite painter (1827-1910) | 1 | 12 | 7 | *I can’t. I’m busy. I’m apartment hunting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relieve\|relieve]] | /ri'li:v/ | vt. 减轻, 救济, 解除, 使免除, 换...的班, 使得到调剂, 使不单调, 衬托, 使显著 | v. provide physical relief, as from pain | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, I haven’t discussed it with him yet, but I know he’s gonna be relieved. Last week, he brought * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admirer\|admirer]] | /әd'maiәrә/ | n. 钦佩者, 仰慕者, 求爱者 | n. a person who admires; someone who esteems or respects or approves | 1 | 4 | 4 | *And I’m Rachel, an admirer of the building.* |
| een |  | abbr. 欧洲商学院；福音环保网络 | n. The old plural of Eye. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in  the laundry room.  Mrs. Verhoeven's Dau* |
| mijn |  | [网络] 我的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in  the laundry room.  Mrs. Verhoeven's Dau* |
| moeder |  | [网络] 深圳；母鸽；母亲 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in  the laundry room.  Mrs. Verhoeven's Dau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tile\|tile]] | /tail/ | n. 砖瓦, 瓷砖, 瓦片 | n. a flat thin rectangular slab (as of fired clay or rubber or linoleum) used to | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Mrs. Bing, this tile cleaner is incredible! Where’d you get it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cleaner\|cleaner]] | /'kli:nә/ | n. 清洁工人, 清洁剂, 干洗商 | n. the operator of dry-cleaning establishment | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Mrs. Bing, this tile cleaner is incredible! Where’d you get it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ammonia\|ammonia]] | /ә'mәunjә/ | n. 氨水, 阿摩尼亚 | n. a pungent gas compounded of nitrogen and hydrogen (NH3) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh well umm, I make it myself! It’s two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lemon\|lemon]] | /'lemәn/ | n. 柠檬, 柠檬树, 柠檬色 | n. yellow oval fruit with juicy acidic flesh | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh well umm, I make it myself! It’s two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curiosity\|curiosity]] | /.kjuәri'ɒsiti/ | n. 好奇心, 新奇的事物, 珍品 | n. a state in which you want to learn more about something | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Out of curiosity, what is your secret ingredient?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shaky\|shaky]] | /'ʃeiki/ | a. 震动的, 摇晃的, 动摇的 | s. vibrating slightly and irregularly; as e.g. with fear or cold or like the lea | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, me too. Not in the shaky angry way you are though.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lens\|lens]] | /lenz/ | n. 透镜, 镜头, 镜片, 晶状体 | n. a transparent optical device used to converge or diverge transmitted light an | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I was just, I was just gonna take out my lenses.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blurry\|blurry]] | /'blә:ri/ | a. 模糊的, 不清楚的, 污脏的 | s indistinct or hazy in outline | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Not really. You…you’re blurry, but you still look like Ursula. You’re Blursula. Okay wait. Maybe…If * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excitement\|excitement]] | /ik'saitmәnt/ | n. 刺激, 兴奋 | n. the state of being emotionally aroused and worked up | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Look Eric, turn around.  Look, I like you, but it shouldn’t be this hard. Y’know? This is our first * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#electricity\|electricity]] | /.ilek'trisiti/ | n. 电, 电流, 电学, 热情, 电力供应 | n. a physical phenomenon associated with stationary or moving electrons and prot | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Look Eric, turn around.  Look, I like you, but it shouldn’t be this hard. Y’know? This is our first * |
| voor |  | [网络] 不好意思 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thanks for the coffee, or bedankt voor de koffie, Gunter.* |
| gunter | /'^ʌntә(r)/ | n. [海]中桅,中桅帆 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thanks for the coffee, or bedankt voor de koffie, Gunter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nederland\|nederland]] | /'neidәrlɑ:nt/ | <荷兰语>= Netherlands | n a constitutional monarchy in western Europe on the North Sea; half the country | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Jij spreekt Nederlands? Dat is te gek. Heb je familie daar?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dat\|dat]] | /dæt/ | [计] 磁盘分配表, 动态地址转换, 数字录音带 | n a digital tape recording of sound | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Jij spreekt Nederlands? Dat is te gek. Heb je familie daar?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gek\|gek]] |  | 电磁海流计 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Jij spreekt Nederlands? Dat is te gek. Heb je familie daar?* |
| heb |  | abbr. 古希伯莱语（Hebrew）；热电子辐射计（Hot Electron Bolometers）；混合动力电动公交 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Jij spreekt Nederlands? Dat is te gek. Heb je familie daar?* |
| familie |  | [网络] 家庭卡；和家人一起；家家拜年 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Jij spreekt Nederlands? Dat is te gek. Heb je familie daar?* |
| daar |  | abbr. Daily Air Activity Report 每日空中活动报告 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Jij spreekt Nederlands? Dat is te gek. Heb je familie daar?* |
| imax |  | abbr. 图像最大化（Image Maximum） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey Ross! Listen, do you want to go see that new Imax movie on tide pools?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tide\|tide]] | /taid/ | n. 潮, 潮汐, 趋势, 潮流, 涨潮, 高潮 | n. the periodic rise and fall of the sea level under the gravitational pull of t | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey Ross! Listen, do you want to go see that new Imax movie on tide pools?* |
| seks |  | [网络] 性别事实；用户性别；性行为 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Jij hebt seks met ezels.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cabinet\|cabinet]] | /'kæbinit/ | n. 橱柜, 内阁 | n. a piece of furniture resembling a cupboard with doors and shelves and drawers | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh, will you do the top of the cabinets? That’ll really work up your appetite for lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appetite\|appetite]] | /'æpitait/ | n. 食欲, 欲望, 爱好 | n. a feeling of craving something | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, will you do the top of the cabinets? That’ll really work up your appetite for lunch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disrupt\|disrupt]] | /dis'rʌpt/ | a. 分裂的, 中断的 | v. throw into disorder | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Honey, it’s so sweet that you want me to stay, but I-I can’t do that to you. I mean it would disrupt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hottest\|hottest]] |  | a. 热的；热烈的；最热门的 | a used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or g | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I’m gonna miss you, you’re the hottest roommate I ever had.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strap\|strap]] | /stræp/ | n. 带, 皮带 | n. an elongated leather strip (or a strip of similar material) for binding thing | 1 | 4 | 4 | *My pink flowered bra! I recognize the strap!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jury\|jury]] | /'dʒuәri/ | n. 陪审团, 评判委员会 | n. a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence pre | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I fear a jury will see it the same way!* |
| lacey | /'leisi/ | a. 花边的 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you’ll know it’s mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noticeable\|noticeable]] | /'nәutisәbl/ | a. 显而易见的, 显著的, 值得注意的 | a. capable or worthy of being perceived | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you’ll know it’s mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there’s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fluff\|fluff]] | /flʌf/ | n. 软毛, 柔毛, 绒毛, 错误, 无价值的东西 | n. any light downy material | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Okay. (Goes over and fluffs up the pillows on the couch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bee\|bee]] | /bi:/ | n. 蜜蜂, 聚会 | n. any of numerous hairy-bodied insects including social and solitary species | 1 | 8 | 3 | *Brenda a bee!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouse]] | /blauz/ | n. 宽松的上衣 | n. a top worn by women | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Yes! It’s flown into your blouse and you’d better undo your buttons lest it sting you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#undo\|undo]] | /.ʌn'du:/ | vt. 解开, 取消, 破坏, 毁灭, 扰乱 | v. cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Yes! It’s flown into your blouse and you’d better undo your buttons lest it sting you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lest\|lest]] | /lest/ | conj. 以免, 唯恐, 免得 | s being ten more than forty | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes! It’s flown into your blouse and you’d better undo your buttons lest it sting you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|sting]] | /stiŋ/ | n. 叮, 刺痛, 刺激, 讽刺 | n. a kind of pain; something as sudden and painful as being stung | 1 | 17 | 7 | *Yes! It’s flown into your blouse and you’d better undo your buttons lest it sting you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confusion\|confusion]] | /kәn'fju:ʒәn/ | n. 混乱, 混淆, 无秩序 | n. disorder resulting from a failure to behave predictably | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ahhhhhhhhhhhh…. That-that-that’s really just to show where the baby would go. Y’know why don’t I hol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poop\|poop]] | /pu:p/ | n. 艉楼, 船尾, 消息, 啪啪声 | n obscene terms for feces | 1 | 5 | 5 | *It’s gonna poop!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pearl\|pearl]] | /pә:l/ | n. 珍珠, 珠灰色, 杰出者, 珍贵之物 | n. a smooth lustrous round structure inside the shell of a clam or oyster; much  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Ooh! Ah! Okay!  Dedicated to the Memory of Pearl Harmon* |
| harmon | /'hɑ:mәn/ | n. 哈蒙（姓氏） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh! Ah! Okay!  Dedicated to the Memory of Pearl Harmon* |
