---
season: 8
episode: "01"
title: "The One After &quot;I Do&quot;"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S08E01 — The One After &quot;I Do&quot;

*Written by: David Crane & Marta Kauffman*


> [!scene] Scene: The Wedding Hall, Monica and Chandler have just said "I do," and the photographer is taking the required pictures. First of Monica, Chandler, Ross and Joey.

**Photographer:** Great. *(Takes a picture.)* Great! Just give me a sec to change film.

**Monica:** Okay.

**Ross:** *(To Monica)* Okay, I know I’m not supposed to know, but I do. And I’m so excited for you!

**Joey:** What? What’s going on?

**Ross:** Monica’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]!

**Joey:** Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!

**Monica:** Guys! I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Joey:** Ah. *(To Chandler)* Slow [[Friends-词汇总表#swimmer\|swimmers]]? *(Chandler looks at him.)*

**Ross:** What?! What do you mean? You-you-you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]?

**Monica:** You didn’t tell anybody I was did you?!

**Ross:** No! *(Pause)* I’ll be right back. *(Exits.)*

**Photographer:** Now why don’t we get a [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] of just Monica and the [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] [[Friends-词汇总表#soldier\|soldier]].

**Monica:** *(To Joey)* Oh, about that. Joey, you have to change before the party.

**Joey:** I can’t! I-I don’t have any other clothes here.

**Monica:** Find some! Please! Anything that doesn’t say I-I died [[Friends-词汇总表#tragically\|tragically]] in France. *(Joey leaves to find clothes.)*

**Photographer:** Well then why don’t we see the [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] and the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] and the bridemaids.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(Phoebe and Rachel join Monica and Chandler on the altar.)* Hey Mon, why did you tell the guys you weren’t [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]?

**Monica:** Because I’m not.

**Phoebe:** We found your test in the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]], if you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]—*(She sees Rachel shaking her head)*—It’s because I am.

*(Flash, the photographer takes a picture of Monica and Chandler’s stunned faces.)*

**Chandler:** What?! What are you talking about?

**Monica:** What are you talking about?

**Phoebe:** Yes, I…I am with child. *(Flash)* And I didn’t want to say anything because it’s your day; I didn’t want to steal your [[Friends-词汇总表#thunder\|thunder]].

**Monica:** Wait a minute! So you told people I was [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]?! *(Flash)* Does this look like a [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] that I want to remember?!

**Chandler:** Who’s the father?

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** I can’t say.

**Monica:** Why?!

**Chandler:** Why not?

**Phoebe:** I can’t say because he’s [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]].

**Rachel:** Oh my God, who is it?! *(Phoebe rolls her eyes.)*

**Monica:** Phoebe, come on, you have to tell us.

**Phoebe:** Okay, okay. It’s James Brolin. James Brolin is the father of my baby.

**Chandler:** As in Barbara Streisand’s [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] James Brolin?

**Phoebe:** What?! Well he never said that to me!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Wedding Hall, continued from earlier.

**Photographer:** Why don’t we have Monica step away and we’ll get Chandler and the bridemaids.

**Phoebe:** How about just the bridemaids?

**Chandler:** Y’know I am the [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] right? I was told it was kinda big deal.

**Phoebe:** It is.

**Rachel:** For you. *(Chandler leaves.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!

**Rachel:** Oh, thank you for doing that. I just can’t deal with this just quite yet.

**Phoebe:** So instead you told me Monica was [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Rachel:** You said that she was, I just didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#disagree\|disagree]] with you.

**Phoebe:** Sneaky.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah.

**Photographer:** Smile ladies.

**Rachel:** Oh! *(They smile and the picture is taken.)* Oh by the way?

**Phoebe:** Uh-hmm.

**Rachel:** James Brolin?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and then I remembered he’s gay.

**Rachel:** Ed Begley Jr. is not gay.

**Phoebe:** *(intrigued)* Really?!


> [!scene] Scene: The Reception Hall, the party is in full swing.

**Bandleader:** Thank you very much! Ladies and [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]], it gives me great [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] to you for the very first time, Mr. and Mrs. Chandler Bing!

*(They enter.)*

**Chandler:** Before we go out there I’ve got a present for ya.

**Monica:** Honey, I’m going to put my hand in your pocket!

**Chandler:** No?

**Monica:** No.

**Chandler:** I’ve been taking dancing [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lessons]].

**Monica:** What?!

**Chandler:** Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.

**Monica:** Oh that is so sweet!

**Chandler:** So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] and wife?

**Monica:** Yes.

*(They walk onto the dance floor and Chandler slips and almost falls.)*

**Monica:** What’s the matter?

**Chandler:** I don’t know, it’s these new [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]], they’re all [[Friends-词汇总表#slippery\|slippery]].

**Monica:** Well, are you going to be able to do this?

**Chandler:** Not well.

*(They start dancing and Chandler starts slipping around.)*

**Monica:** Well, the good news is, I don’t think anyone’s looking at us.


> [!scene] Cut to Phoebe and Rachel at their table.

**Phoebe:** So, are you ready to talk about it?

**Rachel:** No.

*(Pause)*

**Phoebe:** Now?

**Rachel:** No!

**Phoebe:** Okay, we’ll talk about something else then.

**Rachel:** Thank you.

**Phoebe:** Who’s the father?!

**Rachel:** Ugh! Look honey y’know what? I haven’t told him yet, so until I do I don’t think I should tell anybody else.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. That’s fine. That’s fair. Is it Tag?

**Rachel:** Phoebe!!

**Phoebe:** Okay, I’m sorry. I’ll stop.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** Is it Ross? It’s Ross isn’t it—Oh my God, it’s Joey!

**Rachel:** Honey, stop it! I am not going to tell you until I tell him.

**Phoebe:** Ah-[[Friends-词汇总表#hah\|hah]]! At least we know it’s a him.


> [!scene] Cut to Joey entering wearing a preppy tennis outfit.

**Monica:** *(seeing him)* Oh sweet Lord.

**Joey:** I’m sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it’s either this or a [[Friends-词汇总表#bathrobe\|bathrobe]]! Look, what’s more important, the way I’m dressed or me being with you on your special day?

**Monica:** Honey, I’m not even going to [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] I was listening. *(Sees someone else.)* Hey! Hey! *(Goes over to that person.)*


> [!scene] Cut to the hallway outside the room, Ross is going to see which table he’s at and sees a beautiful woman doing the same thing.

**Ross:** Hi. I’m uh, I’m Ross. I don’t, I don’t believe we’ve met. I’m Monica’s older brother.

**Woman:** Oh hi, I’m, I’m Mona from her restaurant.

**Ross:** Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant. *(He uses his card to mouth those words.)* *(Pause)* Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.

**Mona:** You think so? I’ve always kinda hated it.

**Ross:** Aw come on, Mona Lisa?

**Mona:** Uh-huh.

**Ross:** Mona umm…Clickclocken. The [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#botanist\|botanist]]? Huh? Oh no she’s uh—well she’s dead now. No, [[Friends-词汇总表#supposedly\|supposedly]] she was once quite the [[Friends-词汇总表#hottie\|hottie]] of the plant world.

**Mona:** Really?! Well see? I never knew about her.

**Ross:** Linda Clickclocken. *(Pause)* So what uh, what-what table are you at? *(She shows him.)* Oh, uh me too.

**Mona:** Oh good. Now there’ll be someone there who likes my name.

**Ross:** *(sexily)* Yes there will. *(Mona leaves and Ross tries to find the same table.)* Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you’ve just been [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bumped]] up to table one. And if it’s all right with you I’m gonna take your place at table six—Martin Clickclocken.


> [!scene] Cut back inside to Joey giving a beautiful woman a tennis lesson by standing behind her.

**Joey:** That’s better, now just [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bend]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arms]] a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it. *(They do a practice swing and she really puts her ass into it.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Chandler sitting down near Joey as his mom walks over. His birth mother, not the mother who recently visited one of those clinics in Sweden.] Mrs. Bing: Chandler darling! Look, my date has finally arrived. I’d like you to meet Dennis Phillips.

**Dennis Phillips:** Congratulations.

**Chandler:** Thank you. Mrs. Bing: Dennis is a [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] old friend and a [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]].

**Chandler:** Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so.

**Dennis Phillips:** Oh, I’m so sorry I missed the ceremony, I was stuck at auditions. Mrs. Bing: Oh yes, Dennis is directing a new Broadway show.

**Joey:** I don’t believe we’ve met, Joey Tribbiani.

**Dennis Phillips:** Dennis Phillips

**Joey:** Wow, I’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#admire\|admired]] your work for years. You-you’ve done some really amazing stuff.

**Dennis Phillips:** Oh, thank you. Well if you’ll excuse me, I’m gonna go get myself a drink. Be back in a moment. *(Walks away.)*

**Joey:** Wow Dennis Phillips! That’s great! How did you guys meet? Mrs. Bing: Well, it’s a funny story.

**Chandler:** Funny: ha-ha or funny: *(Mimes blowing his brain out.)*


> [!scene] Time lapse. The band is finishing another song.

**Bandleader:** Thank you, thank you very much. If everyone will please take your seats, dinner will be served.

*(Ross starts looking for table six and finds out that it’s the kid’s table. He sees Mona sitting at another table.)*

**Ross:** Hey! Uh, I thought, I thought you were at table six.

**Mona:** No, [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]]. *(Shows him the card again.)*

**Ross:** Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way

*(he turns her hand upside down) which uh, which was misleading. Well I’m… (He goes at sits down at his new table and the kids stare at him.) Hello.*


> [!scene] Cut to the hallway, Chandler is putting tape on the bottom of his shoes.

**Joey:** Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]] to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would’ve done it all, film, television, and [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]]. The only think left would be radio, and that’s just for [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] people.

**Chandler:** What size [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] do you wear?

**Joey:** Uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]], eleven and a half.

**Chandler:** Great, because my [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]] are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boots]] from your [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]]?

**Joey:** Uh, I don’t even really know where I left those. Sorry.

**Chandler:** *(looking at Joey’s feet)* Those [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]] and a half.

**Joey:** Okay fine! I’m a seven! All right, I have [[Friends-词汇总表#surprisingly\|surprisingly]] small feet. But the rest of me is good, I’ll show ya!


> [!scene] Cut to Monica and Rachel at their table.

**Monica:** Can you believe Phoebe got [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]?!

**Rachel:** Oh y’know what honey? Let’s not talk about that right now?

**Monica:** This is so huge.

**Rachel:** Sure, but come on, as big as your wedding?

**Monica:** Of course not nothing is. Between me and you…

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Monica:** …in this day and age how [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] do you have to be to get [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]?

**Rachel:** Hey! Y’know, sometimes you can do everything right, everyone can wear everything they’re supposed to wear, and one of those little guys just gets through!

**Monica:** How?

**Rachel:** I don’t know! Maybe they have tools.

**Monica:** Well I-I talked to and uh, she’s definitely going to have this baby. Y’know, she said she was gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] it on her own.

**Rachel:** Well, maybe that’s, maybe that’s really [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]].

**Monica:** Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard it’s gonna be.

**Rachel:** Maybe she hasn’t really thought it through that well.

**Monica:** Well, there’s a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this [[Friends-词汇总表#financially\|financially]]? How is she going to [[Friends-词汇总表#juggle\|juggle]] work? Does she realize she’s not going to have a date again for the next [[Friends-词汇总表#eighteen\|eighteen]] years?

**Rachel:** *(starting to cry)* I don’t know.

**Monica:** Are you okay?

**Rachel:** Uh-hmm. I’m just thinking about Phoebe; poor [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knocked]] up Phoebe.

**Waiter:** Champagne?

**Rachel:** Oh yes! Thank you very much! *(She grabs a glass, takes a sip, and realizes what she just did. She then tries to spit the champagne back into the glass without Monica noticing. It doesn’t work.)* Oh that’s-that’s actually how the French drink it.

*(Monica gasps.)*


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: continued from earlier, only now Phoebe joins them.

**Phoebe:** Well, I just got off the phone with my [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]], James Brolin…

**Monica:** Oh really?!

**Phoebe:** Yes, and apparently he is married to some [[Friends-词汇总表#singer\|singer]], but he said he would leave her for me. And I said, "James, James Brolin, are you sure?" James Brolin said…

**Monica:** *(interrupting)* Rachel’s really the one who’s [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Phoebe:** *(shocked)* What?! *(deadpan)* Why [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]]?

**Monica:** How do you feel?

**Rachel:** I don’t know. I don’t know how I feel. This is all happening so fast. I have to make all these decisions that I don’t want to make. *(Takes another sip of champagne and spits it back out)* Somebody just take this away from me!!

**Phoebe:** Calm down. Maybe you’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Rachel:** What?!

**Phoebe:** When I got [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] with the [[Friends-词汇总表#triplet\|triplets]], I took that test like three times just to make sure.

**Monica:** Yes! Maybe it’s a false positive. Are you sure you [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|peed]] on the stick right?

**Rachel:** How many ways are there to do that?

**Phoebe:** I’m-I’m just saying, don’t freak out until you’re a hundred percent sure.

**Rachel:** All right, I’ll-I’ll take it again when I get home.

**Monica:** You-you gotta take it now. Come on, do it as a present to me.

**Rachel:** Okay. Thank you.

**Monica:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** I’ll run out and get you one.

**Rachel:** Oh, you guys are so great.

**Monica:** Oh, wait a minute! Who’s is the father?!

**Phoebe:** Oh no, she won’t tell us.

**Monica:** Oh, come on it’s my wedding! That can be my present.

**Rachel:** Wh—Hey, I just gave you [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|peeing]] on a stick.

**Phoebe:** See? This is why you register.


> [!scene] Cut to Ross at the kiddie table. He reaches for something and a fart noise emanates which causes the kids to laugh.

**Ross:** It was the chair again! Okay? I’m not doing it! It what—look, I don’t—y’know what—eh-eh… *(He walks away and goes over to Mona.)* Hi.

**Mona:** Hi!

**Ross:** Umm, would you like to dance?

**Mona:** Sure.

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Mona:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Oh great! *(They get up to dance and Ross is interrupted by a little girl.)*

**Little Girl:** Dr. Geller?

**Ross:** I wasn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#fart\|farting]]! *(To Mona)* Uh, a little game from our table. *(To the little girl)* Yes?

**Little Girl:** Dr. Geller, will you dance with me?

**Ross:** Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, I’m about to dance with this lady.

**Little Girl:** Okay. *(She drops her head in disappointment and walks away.)*

**Mona:** Ohhhh!

**Ross:** Uh, unless! Unless, uh this lady wouldn’t mind letting you go first.

**Mona:** I’d be happy to. *(To Ross)* You are very sweet.

**Ross:** Yes I-I am. In fact umm hey, why don’t we try it my special way? You can dance on my feet.

**Little Girl:** Sure!

**Ross:** Yeah? Hop on. *(They start dancing and Mona sits down.)* Is the pretty lady looking?

**Little Girl:** Uh-huh.

**Ross:** Keep dancing.


> [!scene] Cut to Chandler in the hallway practicing dancing and is doing it very well.

**Chandler:** And the world will never know.

**Joey:** Hey! Did you talk to Dennis about me yet?

**Chandler:** Yes, I told him how [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] you were. I told him all about Days Of Our Lives.

**Joey:** No-no! No! No! You don’t tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I’m a [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] actor.

**Chandler:** But you’re not just a [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] actor. You are a soap actor with [[Friends-词汇总表#freakishly\|freakishly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] feet.

**Joey:** Hey!


> [!scene] Joey walks back inside just as Ross’s dance is finishing.

**Little Girl:** Thank you.

**Ross:** No-no, thank you Miranda.

**Little Girl:** Melinda!

**Ross:** All right. *(Walks over to Mona.)*

**Mona:** How cute was that?

**Ross:** Oh-oh, were you, were you watching?

*(Another little girl walks over to him.)*

**Second Girl:** Can I go next?

**Ross:** What? Of course you can! Hop on!

**Mona:** Okay, but I get to hop on after her. *(Ross bites the air in response.)*

**Ross:** I am so gonna score.

**Second Girl:** What?

**Ross:** I like your [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]].


> [!scene] Behind them, Joey goes up to the bandleader and interrupts the song.

**Joey:** *(clinks his glass)* I’d like to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]]. To Monica and Chandler, the [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] couple in the world. And my best friends. Now, my when I first found out they were getting married I was, I was a little [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]]. I was like, *(overly angry)* "Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?!" But then I thought back over all our memories together, some happy memories. *(Does a fake laugh.)* And-and there was some sad memories. *(Starts to break down and cry.)* I’m sorry. And-and some scared memories—Whoa! *(He jumps back, startled.)* Eh? And then, and then I realized I’ll always be their friend, their friend who can speak in many [[Friends-词汇总表#dialect\|dialects]] and has [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|training]] in stage [[Friends-词汇总表#combat\|combat]] and is willing to do [[Friends-词汇总表#partial\|partial]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nudity\|nudity]]. *(Starts to walk away, but realizes something.)* Oh! To the happy couple!


> [!scene] Time Lapse, the interrupted song is finishing.

**Bandleader:** Thank you.

**Ross:** *(to the second girl)* That was very nice Ashley.

**Ashley:** Can we do it again?

**Ross:** No-no. *(Walks over to Mona again.)*

**Mona:** So, is it my turn now?

*(A large little fat girl walks over.)*

**Fat Girl:** I’m next!

**Ross:** Oh! *(Recoils in horror.)*

**Mona:** Uh, that’s okay. You can dance with her first.

**Ross:** Oh, you-you sure? *(She nods yes.)* Okay. *(To the girl)* Okay. So what’s uh, what’s your name.

**Fat Girl:** Gert!

**Ross:** That’s, that’s pretty. *(They start to dance and Gert tries to step on Ross’s feet, but he pulls them out of harm’s way.)* Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What are you doing there Gert?

**Gert:** Dancing on your feet! Like the other girls did it.

**Ross:** Okay. *(Swallows hard.)* Hop on Gert. *(She does and Ross winces in pain.)*

**Gert:** Why [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]]’t you moving your feet?

**Ross:** I’m trying. *(He strains to move his feet.)*

**Gert:** Faster! You’re not going fast enough!

**Ross:** Maybe I should stand on your feet! *(Gert’s shocked and Ross realizes what he said and tries to brush it off.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Joey going over to talk to Dennis Phillips.

**Joey:** So did you uh, happen to catch my [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] up there?

**Dennis Phillips:** Oh my God, that was for my benefit?

**Joey:** Well, I’d like to think there was something for everyone. Look, I know you’re casting for this new show…

**Dennis Phillips:** Look umm Joey, I-I don’t think you’re quite right for this project.

**Joey:** Oh, see that’s where you’re wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn’t see it up there, just-just try me.

**Dennis Phillips:** It’s an all Chinese cast. Can you be Chinese?

**Joey:** Well I’m not [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of this, but… *(He turns around and starts to mess with his eyelids.)*

**Dennis Phillips:** Oh my God! No-no-no! Please! Please! Don’t-don’t-don’t!


> [!scene] Cut to Monica walking up to Chandler.

**Monica:** Hey, are you ready to get back on the dance floor?

**Chandler:** Did it turn into [[Friends-词汇总表#sand\|sand]]?

**Monica:** Ohh come on, I love this song! Come on, you’ll be fine. *(She starts to walk towards the floor.)*

**Chandler:** *(sliding up behind her)* No. No, I won’t. Do you know why I took all those [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lessons]]? See, for the first time I didn’t want you to be [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]] to be seen on the dance floor with some [[Friends-词汇总表#clumsy\|clumsy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]].

**Monica:** Oh sweetie, you can never [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] me. *(Chandler grunts.)* Okay, you can easily [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] me. But come on, it doesn’t matter. All right? I married you! So I want to dance on my wedding night with my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]]. Come on. *(They go onto the floor.)* Just try not to move your feet at all. *(Chandler starts to get into the groove and bust a move.)* There you go.

*(Mr. Geller dances over.) Mr. Geller: Chandler, I’m gonna have you arrested.*

**Chandler:** Why? Mr. Geller: You stole my moves. *(He starts to dance like Chandler was and Chandler stops.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Women’s Restroom, Rachel and Phoebe are waiting for the outcome of Rachel’s second test.

**Rachel:** How much longer?

**Phoebe:** 30 seconds.

**Rachel:** 30 seconds, okay.

**Monica:** *(entering)* Did I miss it? *(Phoebe nods no.)* Rachel, I-I want you to know that, if it’s positive, we’re gonna…

**Rachel:** Oh I know. I know. *(They hug.)*

**Phoebe:** It’s time.

*(Another woman starts to enter.)*

**The Girls:** No!! *(The woman backs out.)*

**Monica:** Go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] Rach.

*(She goes over to look.)*

**Rachel:** Oh wait! Y’know what? I can’t, I can’t look at it. I can’t. Somebody else tell me, somebody tell me.

**Phoebe:** Okay.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Phoebe:** Umm, it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]].

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]].

**Rachel:** Oh. Oh. Well there you go. Whew! *(Pause)* That is—that’s great—that is really great-great news. *(Pause)* Y’know ‘cause the whole not being ready and kinda the financial [[Friends-词汇总表#aspect\|aspects]], all that. Whew. Wow, this is so just the way it was supposed to be. *(Starts to cry.)* God.

**Monica:** Well… Well, great.

**Phoebe:** Here. *(Gives Rachel a tissue.)*

**Rachel:** Thanks. *(Crying)* God this is so stupid! *(Pause)* How could I be upset over something I never had? It’s [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]]?

**Phoebe:** No, it’s positive.

**Rachel:** What?!

**Phoebe:** It’s-it’s not [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]], it’s positive.

**Rachel:** Are you sure?

**Phoebe:** Well yeah, I lied before.

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Monica:** Oh God…

**Phoebe:** Now you know how you really feel about it.

**Rachel:** Oh-oh, that’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#risky\|risky]] little game!

**Monica:** Are you really gonna do this?

**Rachel:** Yeah. I’m gonna have a baby. I’m gonna have a baby. I’m gonna have a baby! *(They all hug.)*

**Phoebe:** With who?

**Rachel:** Ah, it’s still not the time. Dedicated to the People of New York City


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Reception, Joey is helping Ross walk after Gert got through with him and Mona is looking on concerned.

**Ross:** I just didn’t see the fast song coming.

**Joey:** Shh. Shh. Don’t try to talk, we’ll get you up to your room, we’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soak]] your feet, you’ll be okay.

**Ross:** Oh, thank you.

**Mona:** That is so sweet!

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Mona:** No, I mean it. There are so few [[Friends-词汇总表#genuinely\|genuinely]] nice guys out there.

**Joey:** Tell me about it, I feel like I’m holding down the fort all by myself.

**Mona:** It’s Joey right?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Wait a minute! No! I’m the nice one! I’m the one who danced with the kids all night! How…How small are your feet?! *(They all look down.)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（37）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 4 | 422 | 131 | *Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 4 | 64 | 51 | *Yeah? Hop on.  Is the pretty lady looking?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *Okay, I know I’m not supposed to know, but I do. And I’m so excited for you!* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 3 | 155 | 54 | *Thank you very much! Ladies and gentlemen, it gives me great pleasure to introduce to you for the ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 3 | 209 | 116 | *What size shoes do you wear?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 3 | 136 | 99 | *Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, I’m about to dance with this lady.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 3 | 88 | 57 | *No-no! No! No! You don’t tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I’m a soap actor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 2 | 112 | 87 | *Yes! Maybe it’s a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Okay, I know I’m not supposed to know, but I do. And I’m so excited for you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *I can’t! I-I don’t have any other clothes here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Yes, I…I am with child.  And I didn’t want to say anything because it’s your day; I didn’t want to s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *I’m sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it’s either this or a bathrobe! Look, what’s more * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *You think so? I’ve always kinda hated it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Yes there will.  Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you’ve just been bumped up to table one. And if it’s a* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *I don’t believe we’ve met, Joey Tribbiani.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Wow, I’ve admired your work for years. You-you’ve done some really amazing stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Thank you, thank you very much. If everyone will please take your seats, dinner will be served.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Thank you, thank you very much. If everyone will please take your seats, dinner will be served.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a B* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Well I-I talked to and uh, she’s definitely going to have this baby. Y’know, she said she was gonna * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard it’s gonna be.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Oh yes! Thank you very much!  Oh that’s-that’s actually how the French drink it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Yes, and apparently he is married to some singer, but he said he would leave her for me. And I said,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *I don’t know. I don’t know how I feel. This is all happening so fast. I have to make all these decis* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *I’m-I’m just saying, don’t freak out until you’re a hundred percent sure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *I’m-I’m just saying, don’t freak out until you’re a hundred percent sure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *How cute was that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 1 | 72 | 52 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *So did you uh, happen to catch my toast up there?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Oh, see that’s where you’re wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn’t see it up there, just-j* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Why? Mr. Geller: You stole my moves.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Thanks.  God this is so stupid!  How could I be upset over something I never had? It’s negative?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 1 | 80 | 57 | *Thanks.  God this is so stupid!  How could I be upset over something I never had? It’s negative?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Well yeah, I lied before.* |

### 常用词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 12 | 118 | 49 | *Monica’s pregnant!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 3 | 68 | 42 | *As in Barbara Streisand’s husband James Brolin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]] | /i'levn/ | num. 十一, 十一个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one | 3 | 13 | 10 | *Uh, eleven, eleven and a half.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 3 | 46 | 26 | *No-no! No! No! You don’t tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I’m a soap actor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#groom\|groom]] | /gru:m/ | n. 马夫, 新郎, 男仆 | n. a man participant in his own marriage ceremony | 2 | 19 | 10 | *Well then why don’t we see the bride and the groom and the bridemaids.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] | /'feimәs/ | a. 出名的, 极好的 | s widely known and esteemed | 2 | 25 | 15 | *I can’t say because he’s famous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lesson\|lesson]] | /'lesn/ | n. 课, 课业, 教训 | n. a unit of instruction | 2 | 20 | 15 | *I’ve been taking dancing lessons.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 2 | 50 | 40 | *That’s better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 2 | 27 | 22 | *Thank you. Mrs. Bing: Dennis is a dear old friend and a fantastic lover.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 2 | 69 | 45 | *Those aren’t eleven and a half.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toast\|toast]] | /tәust/ | n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯 | n. slices of bread that have been toasted | 2 | 40 | 18 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 2 | 46 | 35 | *Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me.  Okay, you can easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesn’t * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 2 | 19 | 18 | *Oh. Oh. Well there you go. Whew!  That is—that’s great—that is really great-great news.  Y’know ‘cau* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 2 | 31 | 25 | *Shh. Shh. Don’t try to talk, we’ll get you up to your room, we’ll soak your feet, you’ll be okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Ah.  Slow swimmers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bride\|bride]] | /braid/ | n. 新娘 | n. a woman who has recently been married | 1 | 33 | 18 | *Well then why don’t we see the bride and the groom and the bridemaids.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 1 | 24 | 19 | *We found your test in the trash, if you’re not pregnant——It’s because I am.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Wait a minute! So you told people I was pregnant?!  Does this look like a conversation that I want t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Smile ladies.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *Thank you very much! Ladies and gentlemen, it gives me great pleasure to introduce to you for the ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Thank you very much! Ladies and gentlemen, it gives me great pleasure to introduce to you for the ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Thank you very much! Ladies and gentlemen, it gives me great pleasure to introduce to you for the ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *Honey, I’m not even going to pretend I was listening.  Hey! Hey!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Yes there will.  Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you’ve just been bumped up to table one. And if it’s a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bend\|bend]] | /bend/ | vi. 变弯曲, 屈服 | n. a circular segment of a curve | 1 | 10 | 10 | *That’s better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *That’s better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Thank you. Mrs. Bing: Dennis is a dear old friend and a fantastic lover.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] | /fæn'tæstik/ | a. 奇妙的, 稀奇的, 空想的 | s. extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 23 | 21 | *Thank you. Mrs. Bing: Dennis is a dear old friend and a fantastic lover.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] | /nain/ | num. 九, 九个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eight and one | 1 | 32 | 24 | *No, nine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]] | /ri'zju:m/ | vt. 重新开始, 取回, 恢复 | v. take up or begin anew | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a B* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 1 | 39 | 27 | *Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a B* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *…in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *Well I-I talked to and uh, she’s definitely going to have this baby. Y’know, she said she was gonna * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Uh-hmm. I’m just thinking about Phoebe; poor knocked up Phoebe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]] | /ʃæm'pein/ | n. 香槟酒, 香槟酒色 | n. a white sparkling wine either produced in Champagne or resembling that produc | 1 | 19 | 13 | *Champagne?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *What?!  Why bother?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Calm down. Maybe you’re not pregnant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#triplet\|triplet]] | /'triplit/ | n. 三个一组, 三件一套, 三胞胎中的一个 | n. one of three offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 15 | 10 | *When I got pregnant with the triplets, I took that test like three times just to make sure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *Yes! Maybe it’s a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Ohhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] | /'tælәntid/ | a. 天资高的, 有才能的 | a. endowed with talent or talents | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Yes, I told him how talented you were. I told him all about Days Of Our Lives.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiny\|tiny]] | /'taini/ | a. 很少的, 微小的 | s very small | 1 | 45 | 36 | *But you’re not just a soap actor. You are a soap actor with freakishly tiny feet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] | /prә'pәuz/ | vt. 计划, 打算, 建议, 提议, 求(婚) | v. make a proposal, declare a plan for something | 1 | 33 | 17 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]] |  | [计] 加快 | a acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Faster! You’re not going fast enough!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *Well I’m not proud of this, but…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *No. No, I won’t. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didn’t want you* |

### 低频词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brolin\|brolin]] |  | [人名] 布罗林 |  | 6 | 6 | 1 | *Okay, okay. It’s James Brolin. James Brolin is the father of my baby.* |
| dennis | /'denis/ | n. 丹尼斯（男子名） |  | 5 | 7 | 2 | *Thank you. Mrs. Bing: Dennis is a dear old friend and a fantastic lover.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]] | /'negәtiv/ | n. 否定, 否定语, 负数, 底片 | n. a reply of denial | 4 | 12 | 8 | *Umm, it’s negative.* |
| bridemaids |  | [网络] 伴娘 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Well then why don’t we see the bride and the groom and the bridemaids.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#begley\|begley]] |  | [人名] [爱尔兰姓氏] 贝格利盖尔语姓氏的英语形式，来源于人名，含义是“小+英雄”(small+hero) |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and then I remembered he’s gay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phillips\|phillips]] |  | n. 飞利浦（电子产业集团）；菲利普斯（姓氏） |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Wow Dennis Phillips! That’s great! How did you guys meet? Mrs. Bing: Well, it’s a funny story.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#broadway\|broadway]] | /'brɒ:dwei/ | n. 百老汇大街 | n. a street in Manhattan that passes through Times Square; famous for its theate | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a B* |
| gert |  | n. (Gert)人名；(瑞典)耶特；(英、丹、德)格特；(荷)赫特 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *That’s, that’s pretty.  Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What are you doing there Gert?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swimmer\|swimmer]] | /'swimә/ | n. 游泳者 | n. a trained athlete who participates in swimming meets | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Ah.  Slow swimmers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] | /'blʌdi/ | a. 血腥的, 嗜杀的, 有血的 | v. cover with blood | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Now why don’t we get a shot of just Monica and the bloody soldier.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soldier\|soldier]] | /'sәuldʒә/ | n. 军人, 士兵, 兵蚁 | n. an enlisted man or woman who serves in an army | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Now why don’t we get a shot of just Monica and the bloody soldier.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tragically\|tragically]] | /'trædʒɪklɪ/ | adv. 悲剧地, 悲惨地 | r. in a tragic manner; with tragic consequences | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Find some! Please! Anything that doesn’t say I-I died tragically in France.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thunder\|thunder]] | /'θʌndә/ | n. 雷, 雷声 | n. a booming or crashing noise caused by air expanding along the path of a bolt  | 1 | 9 | 3 | *Yes, I…I am with child.  And I didn’t want to say anything because it’s your day; I didn’t want to s* |
| barbara | /'bɑ:bәrә/ | n. 芭芭拉（女子名） | n. The first word in certain mnemonic lines which represent | 1 | 4 | 4 | *As in Barbara Streisand’s husband James Brolin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#streisand\|streisand]] |  | n. (Streisand)人名；(英)斯特赖桑德 | n. United States singer and actress (born in 1942) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *As in Barbara Streisand’s husband James Brolin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disagree\|disagree]] | /.disә'gri:/ | vi. 不一致, 不适宜 | v. be of different opinions | 1 | 7 | 6 | *You said that she was, I just didn’t disagree with you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneaky\|sneaky]] | /'sni:ki/ | a. 鬼祟的, 卑微的 | s. marked by deception | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sneaky.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slippery\|slippery]] | /'slipәri/ | a. 滑的, 光滑的, 靠不住的, 圆滑的, 不稳固的 | a. causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don’t know, it’s these new shoes, they’re all slippery.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathrobe\|bathrobe]] | /'bɑ:θrәub/ | n. 浴衣 | n. a loose-fitting robe of towelling; worn after a bath or swim | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’m sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it’s either this or a bathrobe! Look, what’s more * |
| lisa | /'li:zә, 'laizә/ | n. 丽莎（女子名） |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Aw come on, Mona Lisa?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#botanist\|botanist]] | /'bɒtәnist/ | n. 植物学家 | n. a biologist specializing in the study of plants | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Mona umm…Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she’s uh—well she’s dead now. No, supposedly * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supposedly\|supposedly]] | /sә'pәuzidli/ | adv. 想象上, 看上去像, 被认为是, 恐怕, 按照推测 | r believed or reputed to be the case | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Mona umm…Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she’s uh—well she’s dead now. No, supposedly * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hottie\|hottie]] | /'hɔti/ | n. [口]=hot-water bottle |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Mona umm…Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she’s uh—well she’s dead now. No, supposedly * |
| linda |  | n. 琳达（女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Linda Clickclocken.  So what uh, what-what table are you at?  Oh, uh me too.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#molly\|molly]] | /'mɔli/ | n. [俚]懦夫；娘娘腔的男人 | n popular aquarium fish | 1 | 16 | 6 | *Yes there will.  Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you’ve just been bumped up to table one. And if it’s a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gilbert\|gilbert]] | /'^ilbәt/ | n. 吉尔伯特（男子名） | n. a unit of magnetomotive force equal to 0.7958 ampere-turns | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes there will.  Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you’ve just been bumped up to table one. And if it’s a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bravo\|bravo]] | /'brɑ:vәu/ | n. 亡命徒, 喝彩 | n. a cry of approval as from an audience at the end of great performance | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admire\|admire]] | /әd'maiә/ | vt. 赞美, 钦佩, 爱慕 | v. feel admiration for | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Wow, I’ve admired your work for years. You-you’ve done some really amazing stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theater\|theater]] | /'θiәtә/ | n. 戏院, 电影院, 剧场, 全体观众, 戏剧, 戏剧效果, 阶梯式讲堂, 场所 | n. a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be prese | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ‘Cause if I can get in a B* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boot\|boot]] | /bu:t/ | n. 长靴, 踢, 解雇, 效用 | n. footwear that covers the whole foot and lower leg | 1 | 31 | 9 | *Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprisingly\|surprisingly]] |  | adv. 使人惊奇, 出人意外, 惊人, 令人惊讶 | r. in a surprising manner | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Okay fine! I’m a seven! All right, I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good, I’ll * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brave\|brave]] | /breiv/ | a. 勇敢的, 美好的, 华丽的 | n. a North American Indian warrior | 1 | 12 | 8 | *Well, maybe that’s, maybe that’s really brave.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#financially\|financially]] |  | adv. 金融上；财政上 | r. from a financial point of view | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, there’s a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juggle\|juggle]] | /dʒʌgl/ | vi. 玩戏法, 行骗, 篡改 | n. the act of rearranging things to give a misleading impression | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Well, there’s a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eighteen\|eighteen]] | /'ei'ti:n/ | num. 十八, 十八个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of seventeen and one | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, there’s a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#singer\|singer]] | /'siŋә/ | n. 歌手 | n. a person who sings | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yes, and apparently he is married to some singer, but he said he would leave her for me. And I said,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fart\|fart]] | /fɑ:t/ | n. 屁 | n. a reflex that expels intestinal gas through the anus | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I wasn’t farting!  Uh, a little game from our table.  Yes?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freakishly\|freakishly]] | /'fri:kiʃli/ | adv. 反常地；见异思迁地 | r unpredictably | 1 | 3 | 3 | *But you’re not just a soap actor. You are a soap actor with freakishly tiny feet.* |
| miranda | /mi'rændә/ | n. 米兰达（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No-no, thank you Miranda.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] | /bәu.bau/ | n. 弓, 眼睛框 | n. a knot with two loops and loose ends; used to tie shoelaces | 1 | 9 | 6 | *I like your bow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dialect\|dialect]] | /'daiәlekt/ | n. 方言, 同源语 | n. the usage or vocabulary that is characteristic of a specific group of people | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#combat\|combat]] | /'kɒmbæt/ | n. 争斗, 战斗 | n. an engagement fought between two military forces | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#partial\|partial]] | /'pɑ:ʃәl/ | a. 部分的, 偏袒的, 偏爱的 | s. being or affecting only a part; not total | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nudity\|nudity]] | /'nju:diti/ | n. 裸露, 裸露物, 裸体像 | n the state of being without clothing or covering of any kind | 1 | 8 | 5 | *I’d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best f* |
| ashley |  | n. 艾希莉（人名） |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *That was very nice Ashley.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sand\|sand]] | /sænd/ | n. 沙, 沙子, 沙滩, 光阴, 生涯 | n. a loose material consisting of grains of rock or coral | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Did it turn into sand?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clumsy\|clumsy]] | /'klʌmzi/ | a. 笨拙的, 不雅观的, 粗陋的 | s lacking grace in movement or posture | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No. No, I won’t. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didn’t want you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aspect\|aspect]] | /'æspekt/ | n. 外观, 方面, 面貌, 方向 | n. a distinct feature or element in a problem | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh. Oh. Well there you go. Whew!  That is—that’s great—that is really great-great news.  Y’know ‘cau* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#risky\|risky]] | /'riski/ | a. 危险的 | s involving risk or danger | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh-oh, that’s a risky little game!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soak\|soak]] | /sәuk/ | n. 浸, 湿透, 大雨 | n. the process of becoming softened and saturated as a consequence of being imme | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Shh. Shh. Don’t try to talk, we’ll get you up to your room, we’ll soak your feet, you’ll be okay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genuinely\|genuinely]] |  | adv. 真诚地；诚实地 | r in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, I mean it. There are so few genuinely nice guys out there.* |
