---
season: 9
episode: "18"
title: "Friends - 918 - The one with the lottery"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E18 — Friends - 918 - The one with the lottery

Friends 918 - The one with the lottery

**Teleplay:** Sherry Bilsing - Graham & Ellen Plummer

**Story:** Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones Directed by: Gary Halvorson


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk - Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Ross and Rachel are sitting on the sofas. Joey enters

**Joey:** Monica, hey, can I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] the Porsche?

**Monica:** Ok.

**Joey:** Alright!

**Monica:** But ehm...what is it not?

**Joey:** *(abashed)* A place to [[Friends-词汇总表#entertain\|entertain]] my lady friends.

**Monica:** And what else is it not?

**Joey:** *(even more abashed)* A place to eat [[Friends-词汇总表#spaghetti\|spaghetti]].

**Monica:** Very good! *(Gives him the keys)* What do you need it for anyway?

**Joey:** Oh well, the [[Friends-词汇总表#powerball\|powerball]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#upto\|upto]] 300 million and they don't sell [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] here in New York, so...

**Rachel:** Oh! So you're driving up to Connecticut?

**Joey:** *(hesitates for a moment)*Yeah Connecticut...Not West Virginia.

**Monica:** Hey, maybe I'll drive you up there! I'd like to buy some [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] myself!

**Joey:** Uh!

**Monica:** Yeah with Chandler not getting paid, we could really use 300 million dollars.

**Chandler:** Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you!

**Phoebe:** Hey will you get me [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] too?

**Rachel:** Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitch]] in 50 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]], we'll pool our money together and then if we win, we'll [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] it! Everyone almost [[Friends-词汇总表#simultaneously\|simultaneously]] except Ross: yeah thats a great idea!

**Ross:** No thanks!

**Phoebe:** You don't wanna win the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]]?

**Ross:** *(in a  mocking voice)*Uh...sure I do, and I also wanna be King of my own country and find out what happened to Amelia Earhart.

**Chandler:** Still on Amelia Earhart?

**Ross:** The woman just [[Friends-词汇总表#vanish\|vanished]]!

**Joey:** Seriously, Ross, you don't want in on this?

**Ross:** No! Do you know what your [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]] are of winning the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]]? I...I mean you have a better chance of being [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|struck]] by [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]] 42 times.

**Chandler:** Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|struck]] by [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]] 7 times.

**Joey:** I like those [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]]!

**Ross:** Seriously you guys, I can't believe you're going to spend 250 dollars on the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]], I mean that's such a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of boohaki.

**Chandler:** *(looking around at the others)*I'll ask. *(To Ross)* Boohaki?

**Ross:** Oh oh, we think Emma is about to start talking so we're trying to be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] about what words we use in front of her.

**Rachel:** Yeah so get ready to hear alot of ehm...boohaki, [[Friends-词汇总表#goshdarnit\|goshdarnit]] and brotherpucker.

**Monica:** How do you know she's gonna start talking?

**Rachel:** Well when I talk to her I almost feel like she understands what I'm saying.

**Chandler:** Kinda like Joey.

**Joey:** *(who wasn't paying attention)*What's that now?


---

**Opening credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica, Chandler, Rachel and Joey are in the kitchen

**Monica:** God! Look at all these [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]! It's so exciting! You know I haven't won anything since the [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] grade.

**Chandler:** Pie eating [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]]?

**Monica:** Oh! You [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] because I was heavy that's the only way I could win something?

**Chandler:** No, I saw a picture of you covered in [[Friends-词汇总表#blueberry\|blueberries]].

**Monica:** *(smiling)*That was a good day!

*(Suddenly Ross comes running into the apartment)*

**Ross:** *(yelling to Monica)*They're [[Friends-词汇总表#tow\|towing]] your car, they're towing your car!!

**Monica:** I'm parked in a [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]] on Morton!

**Ross:** *(panting)*They're [[Friends-词汇总表#tow\|towing]] a car. And I am seeing...[[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spots]].

**Joey:** *(sounding panicky)*Oh my god Ross! You don't have Emma! And Rachel you don't have Emma! *(Starts yelling)* Where's Emma? Who has Emma!?

**Rachel:** Joey relax! My mother picked her up two hours ago. You were there!

**Joey:** *(not yelling anymore)*I was?

**Racel:** Yes and you talked to her...

**Joey:** I did?

**Rachel:** She dropped off a [[Friends-词汇总表#casserole\|casserole]]?

**Joey:** Oh yeah! The [[Friends-词汇总表#casserole\|casserole]] lady.

**Monica:** *(to Ross)*So, did you come by to watch us win the big [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]?

**Ross:** Yeah, uh... and then I figured after you win, we could all go out to the [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]] and see a night [[Friends-词汇总表#rainbow\|rainbow]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#gremlin\|gremlins]] dancing on top of it!

*(phone starts ringing and Chandler comes running out of the bathroom)*

**Chandler:** *(hysterical)*Don't touch the phone! I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it!! *(picks up the phone)*

**Ross:** *(to Monica)*Think he [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|washed]] his hands?

**Chandler:** *(into receiver)*Hello? Hey Charlie, what do you know?

**Rachel:** *(to Monica)*What's going on?

**Monica:** Chandler is supposed to find out if he's getting an assistent job at his ad agency. But out of the 15 [[Friends-词汇总表#intern\|interns]], they are only hiring three.

**Joey:** Ooh! Tough [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]]!

**Ross:** *(mockingly)*Yeah if only it were a sure thing like your 24 state [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]]!

**Joey:** *(smiling)*Look who's coming around!

**Chandler:** *(still on the phone)*Damnit. Alright call me when you know more.

**Joey:** *(excited)*Did you get it?

**Chandler:** One of the [[Friends-词汇总表#slot\|slots]] got filled.

**Joey:** *(Still excited)*By you!?

**Chandler:** Sense the [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]]! No that kid Nate got it.

**Monica:** Oh! I hate that guy! I mean come on kid! Pull up your pants!

**Chandler:** Yeah I know.

**Rachel:** Well, there's two [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spots]] left right?

**Chandler:** Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie.

*(Phoebe enters)*

**Phoebe:** *(excited)*Hey you guys! Ok, you're not going to believe this! I just saw my [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] and she said I was definitely gonna win the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]] tonight!

**Monica:** Hey that [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminds]] me, I thought we could use some extra luck so I brought a [[Friends-词汇总表#wishbone\|wishbone]] home from work.

**Ross:** *(mockingly)*A [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] AND a [[Friends-词汇总表#wishbone\|wishbone]]? Guys! Give someone else a chance!

**Monica:** Alright, who wants to do it?

**Phoebe:** Oh can I? Vegetarians never get to do the [[Friends-词汇总表#wishbone\|wishbone]]. It's really not fair either! You know, just because we don't eat the [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] doesn't mean we don't like to play with the [[Friends-词汇总表#carcass\|carcasses]]!

**Monica:** Ok, hey Rach?

**Rachel:** Oh no, I'm good, I don't wanna get that [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] smell all over my hands.

**Joey:** I'll do it!! It'll get the [[Friends-词汇总表#casserole\|casserole]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] off of mine.

*(Phoebe and Joey both grab one side of the wishbone)*

**Phoebe:** I hope I win!

**Monica:** Well, it doesn't really matter ... you're both wishing for the same thing, right?

**Joey:** I can't tell you what I'm wishing for! Else...you know...won't come true!

**Monica:** Right! .. but we "know" what you're wishing for!

**Joey:** Can't really say!

**Monica:** I understand, but you're wishing for what we think you're wishing for, aren't you?

**Joey:** *(slightly irritated)*I'm not really [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] with these questions! Rachel, Chandler and Monica: Please, just do it!

**Phoebe:** One, two, three!

*(they break the wishbone)*

**Joey:** I won, hey!

**Ross:** You know what, I'm sure your wish is gonna come true, but, you guys - just in case, maybe a [[Friends-词汇总表#genie\|genie]] will come out if we [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]]! *(rubs lamp, stops because it's very hot)* Ah!! That thing gets hot!!

**Rachel:** You know, Ross, just keep making your jokes. How are you gonna feel if we actually do win?

**Ross:** Uh, you're not gonna win.

**Rachel:** Oh, I know, I know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]] are against us, but somebody has to win, and it could be us! And then how you gonna feel? You know, we're gonna be all like "oh everybody, let's take our [[Friends-词汇总表#helicopter\|helicopters]] up to the [[Friends-词汇总表#cape\|cape]]" and you're gonna be all like "oh, I can't guys, I'll meet you guys up there, I gotta gas up the Hyundai"

**Ross:** Ok, I've heard myself on [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] and I sound nothing like that.

**Chandler:** I can see the [[Friends-词汇总表#headline\|headline]] now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] eats own [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]]".

**Ross:** Why would I eat my own [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]]?

**Chandler:** Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want.

**Monica:** You know what, Ross? I'm gonna throw in 50 [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] for you.

**Ross:** Why?

**Monica:** Because I know that you think the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]] is "boohaki" but we're all here and gonna watch the numbers and have fun. And you're my brother, and I want you to be a part of this.

**Ross:** You don't have to do that, I'll pay for myself. But just the fact that you want me to have fun with you guys - that's so sweet! Come here *(they kiss and hug)*

**Phoebe:** Get a room!

**Chandler:** Ok, so now that you're in, what are you gonna do if we win?

**Ross:** I don't know, probably just [[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invest]] it.

**Chandler:** Ooh! Calm down ...

**Joey:** Seriously, that's your fantasy? To [[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invest]] it?

**Ross:** Oh, I'm sorry, did I say "[[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invest]] it"? I meant "be cool and [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|piss]] it all away" *(Joey and Chandler pleased)*

**Joey:** Ooh, ooh, I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!

**Rachel:** I don't really care about the Knicks.

**Joey:** Oh, you will when I pick you as starting forward.

**Rachel:** *(touched)* You would do that? I never get picked!

**Chandler:** You know, I'm not sure a sports team is the way to go.

**Joey:** You're not gonna let me buy the Knicks?? I can't believe you're taking this away from me!

**Chandler:** You're right, it has been you dream for over 15 seconds.

**Ross:** *(to Rachel)* Uh, how long until they [[Friends-词汇总表#announce\|announce]] the numbers, Mommy?

*(pause)*

**Chandler:** *(looks around)* I'll take this one too *(to Ross)* Uh ... Mommy?

**Ross:** Oh, I've gotten into the [[Friends-词汇总表#habit\|habit]] of calling Rachel "Mommy" when we're around Emma. Which I now realize we are not ...

**Rachel:** I'm hoping that if she hears it enough it will be her first word.

**Ross:** Although if we're gonna do that, we should probably call me "Daddy" too.

**Phoebe:** Oooh, I like that, "daddy" *(in a sexy tone)*

**Ross:** I ... I was just talking about Rachel.

**Phoebe:** *(still in sexy tone)* Oooh, is daddy getting [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]]? Is daddy gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#spank\|spank]] me?

**Ross:** *(tries to be sexy too)* Well that [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depends]] ... have you been a baaad gi .. *(stops)* no I can't.

*(Phone rings, Chandler picks up)*

**Chandler:** Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would have slept with him!! .. Alright, bye. *(hangs up)*

**Joey:** Dude, I'm sorry. But hey, there's one [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] left, right?

**Chandler:** Well no, Charlie's gonna get that.

**Monica:** Hey, don't say that! You got just as good a chance as anybody else of getting that job!

**Chandler:** He's the boss's son.

**Monica:** Come on, [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]]!! *(everybody cheers)*

**Rachel:** Ooh, you guys, it starts in like 20 minutes.

**Monica:** Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does anybody have any ideas how to [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] this? *(doesn't let them answer)* Ok, how about this: we [[Friends-词汇总表#divide\|divide]] them into 6 groups of 40, and the [[Friends-词汇总表#remain\|remaining]] 10 can be read by [[Friends-词汇总表#whoever\|whoever]] finishes their [[Friends-词汇总表#pile\|pile]] first.

**Rachel:** Ooh, I have another idea!

**Monica:** I'm sorry, idea time is over.

**Phoebe:** Ok, well, are all the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]]?

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** What about the ones you have on the [[Friends-词汇总表#nightstand\|nightstand]]?

**Monica:** There are no [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#nightstand\|nightstand]]!

**Chandler:** Yes there are, I just saw them a few minutes ago.

*(Rachel get suspicious)*

**Monica:** Un, no you didn't! You must be [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistaken]]!

**Chandler:** Honey, there are like 20 [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#nightstand\|nightstand]]!

**Monica:** Chandler, sense the [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]]!!

*(Rachel comes out of their bedroom waving tickets)*

**Rachel:** Well, well, well, look what mommy found!!

*(everyone's shocked)*

**Monica:** Ok, fine!! I bought 20 extra [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] for me and Chandler.

**Phoebe:** Uh! The [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] also said that I would be [[Friends-词汇总表#betray\|betrayed]].

**Ross:** I can't believe this, I thought we were all in this together!

**Monica:** Hey, you just got in 5 minutes ago!

**Ross:** 3 minutes ago!!! I don't know why that's important ...

**Joey:** I was with you the whole time we were in Connecticut, when did you even get those?

**Monica:** When you were reading the [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] magazines without taking off the plastic!

**Joey:** *(to Ross)* I'll show you how.

**Rachel:** Ok, well Monica, suppose one of your "special" [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] win? How are you gonna feel when you win the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]] and you lose all your friends?

**Monica:** Please ... if I win the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]], you guys are not gonna leave me. Someone gave me a basket of mini-[[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffins]] last week and I couldn't get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of you for 3 days!

**Rachel:** Chandler, would you just tell her what she did was wrong?

**Chandler:** *(to Mon)* She's right, you shouldn't have bought [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] just for us ...

**Monica:** Ahhh!  *(shocked)*

**Chandler:** Let me finish ... *(to everyone else)* however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] to have [[Friends-词汇总表#principle\|principles]], so [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] you, the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]]!! *(takes tickets from Rachel)*

**Monica:** There's the man I married!!

**Rachel:** All right, believe me.If you win the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]], it's the last you're gonna hear from us!

**Monica:** Fine! Don't be my friends! I'll buy new friends! Yeah, and then I'll pay for their plastic surgery so they'd look just like you!

**Rachel:** *(surprised)* OH! Alright, you know what? That's it! I want my share of the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] *(picks up the bowl)*!

**Joey:** Yeah, I want my [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] too *(takes the bowl from Rachel)*! And I'm buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff, ah ah!

**Ross:** Than I want mine, too *(takes the bowl from Joey)*! And if I win I'm gonna put it all into a very low-yield [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, you guys! We've got to keep all the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] together *(takes the bowl from Ross and puts it on the table)*

**Monica:** No, no! We should [[Friends-词汇总表#divide\|divide]] them up *(picks up the bowl)* and I should get extra because we used my card to buy them!

**Joey:** Hey, if anybody gets extra [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]], it should be me! This all thing was my idea! *(takes the bowl from Monica)*

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah! Thanks for [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|inventing]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]]!

**Rachel:** Ok, that's it! Just give'em to me! I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] them up! *(she tries to snatch the bowl from Joey's hands but she can't, so she pinches his nipple and she manages to take it)*

**Joey:** *(in pain)* Oh!

**Phoebe:** *(she takes the bowl from Rachel's hands and she starts running around the room and yelling)* OOOOOHHHHH!

**Ross:** *(trying to stop her)* Hey, hey!!

**Phoebe:** *(keeping on running and yelling)* OOOOOHHHHH! *(she stops)* Fine, I can't take it anymore! I'm putting an end to this! *(she goes out to the balcony)*

**Rachel:** Oh, if she jumps, I get her [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]].

**Joey:** No, no! *(they all go towards the balcony but they get jammed in the window)*

**Phoebe:** If we are not doing it together, we're not doing it at all! So, say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] to your [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]! *(She holds out the bowl, and makes as to drop the tickets on the street)*.

**Everyone:** NO!!

**Phoebe:** Don't come any [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]]!

**Chandler:** Can I come a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]], [[Friends-词汇总表#valuable\|valuable]] things are getting [[Friends-词汇总表#squish\|squished]]...

**Phoebe:** No, what's more important, your friends or money? Everyone but Monica: Friends!

**Monica:** Money! *(they all look at her)* Friends...

**Phoebe:** Hey Monica, what about your extra [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]?

**Monica:** They're all in there! Even these five that I [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hid]] in my [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] *(takes some tickets out of her bra and gives them to Phoebe)*...

**Ross:** Monica!

**Phoebe:** Ok, good! *(pause)* You guys were so scared! There was no way I was gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] this...*(a pigeon swoops down, scaring Phoebe who drops the bowl on the street)* Oh God, no! *(pause)* I think I broke your [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]].

**Ross:** Go, go, go!!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment.

*(All are returning from the street after picking up dropped lottery tickets)*

**Phoebe:** What a beautiful night to be running around the street, looking for [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]]. And the wind sure made it fun.

**Monica:** Phoebe, we lost half of them.

**Phoebe:** So, what? Monica, we have the winning [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]]! My [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] said I  was gonna win, remember?

**Ross:** Weird.. your [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] anything about the [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]]...

**Phoebe:** As a matter of fact she said that's how I am going to die. *(pause )* So, excuse me for being a little [[Friends-词汇总表#skittish\|skittish]].

**Chandler:** *(looking at the answering machine)* Hey, there's two messages. These could be from work!

**Monica:** Oh, play them!

**Chandler:** Ok, here we go! *(he pushes the play button)*

**Message:** *(Phoebe's voice)* "Hello. Th-this is the [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]] from the [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]] calling to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologise\|apologise]]" *(they all turns to look at Phoebe)* "I sh.. I shouldn't have [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knocked]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] out of the pretty lady's hand. It-it was all my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. Not [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]]. Bye. Coo."

*(they all keep staring at Phoebe)*

**Phoebe:** Well, I bet that was very hard for him to do. Second message: "Hey Chandler, it's Charlie"

**Chandler:** This is..shhh!

**Second Message:** "Listen, oh... it turns I got the last spot. I'm really sorry man, it was a lot of fun working with you. Give me a call if you want."

**Monica:** Oh God, I am so sorry honey...

**All:** Oh, so sorry man! Sorry!

**Rachel:** Oh, it is so [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]]. It's like that time they promoted Sandra over me at work.

**Chandler:** Oh, is she related to Ralph Lauren?

**Rachel:** No, she was just much better at job than me!

**Phoebe:** Guys, the [[Friends-词汇总表#drawing\|drawing]] is about to start!

**Rachel:** *(To Ross)* You know what? We should call my mum's house and say goodnight to Emma before she goes down.

**Ross:** Oh yeah, it's a good idea!

**Monica:** *(she hugs Chandler)* Honey, you've been really strong about this, I know how [[Friends-词汇总表#badly\|badly]] you wanted that job.

**Chandler:** Yeah, you know, I really thought I [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserved]] it.

*(pause) But... let's go win the lottery... I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right?*

**Monica:** *(she draws out a ticket from a pocket of her pants)* 131! *(they kiss)*

**Ross:** *(on the phone)* Goodnight [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]]! I love you. And remember, you're daddy's little girl... *(covering the phone, to Rachel)* Phoebe's totally [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]] that for me... *(he passes the receiver to Rachel)*

**Rachel:** Hi [[Friends-词汇总表#mum\|mum]], put her back on!

**Joey:** *(sitting on the sofa in front of the tv)* Rach, come on! They are [[Friends-词汇总表#announce\|announcing]] the numbers! My God, I can already feel myself changing.

**Tv:** "Here we are, the official Powerball numbers! We have 53"

**Chandler:** I got that!

**Ross:** Oh, we have one too!!

**Monica:** We are on a [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]], people!!

**Ross:** *(calling Rachel)* Come on!!

**Rachel:** *(on the phone)* Mum, please!I know you love your new [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]], but I can [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] understand you! Would you, please, just let me say goodnight to my [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]]?

**Tv:** "And number 29! Here we go! The Powerball is 7"

**Monica:** Check your numbers! Make me rich!

**Rachel:** *(she goes towards the others and she's very excited)* Guys, you're not gonna believe this! I was just saying goodnight to Emma and she said her first words!!

**All:** Wow!

**Joey:** And what did she say?

**Rachel:** She said "[[Friends-词汇总表#gleba\|gleba]]"!! *(she celebrates)*

*(they just look at her for a moment; then they go back to checking the tickets)*

**Monica:** Make me rich!!

**Rachel:** *(to Ross)* Isn't that amazing?

**Ross:** Oh yeah, no no no...that's great!

**Rachel:** Why-why aren't you more excited?

**Ross:** Oh, Rach...oh..."[[Friends-词汇总表#gleba\|gleba]]" is not a word.

**Rachel:** Oh, but of course it is!

**Ross:** Okay, what does it mean?

**Rachel:** I don't know all the words.

**Ross:** I'm just, I'm just glad I didn't miss my daughter's first words *(goes back to checking the tickets)*.

**Ross:** Yes you did, [[Friends-词汇总表#gleba\|gleba]] is a word!

**Ross:** Ok, use it in a [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]].

**Rachel:** Ok... "Emma just said [[Friends-词汇总表#gleba\|gleba]]"!

**Ross:** It's not a word!

**Rachel:** Okay, okay, okay, fine, I'm gonna look it up *(she goes and picks up the dictionary)*.

**Ross:** Oh, oh, ok, great. You know what, while you're at it she said another word the other day, why don't you, why don't you look up: pbbqqt....

*(Rachel glares at him)*

**Rachel:** *(searching the dictionary)* Alright, okay, okay, [[Friends-词汇总表#gleba\|gleba]], gleba... *(excited)* Gleba! Ha! Here it is: the [[Friends-词汇总表#fleshy\|fleshy]], spore-[[Friends-词汇总表#bearing\|bearing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#inner\|inner]] mass of a certain [[Friends-词汇总表#fungi\|fungi]].

*(Rachel shows Ross the definition on the dictionary, giving him a smug look; then she squints at the dictionary, as though unsure what to make out of it)*

**Ross:** She's gonna be a [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]]! *(kisses Rachel on the head, very moved)*

**Joey:** *(checking the last ticket)* Damnit! anybody got anything?

**Chandler:** No.

**Phoebe:** I'm still looking through mine...

**Monica:** Just double checking *(does so)*...no, no, no...*(takes off a shoe and takes a ticket out of it)* No!

*(phone rings)*

**Monica:** *(answering phone)* Hello? Hold on. It's your [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]].

**Chandler:** Ah, the "I'm sorry I [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|rejected]] you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. *(on the phone, getting up from the sofa)* Hey, Steve.

**Steve:** Chandler, hi! I'm sure you've heard we filled the three positions. We just felt that with your [[Friends-词汇总表#maturity\|maturity]] and experience, you wouldn't be happy being someone's assistant.

**Chandler:** Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature... [[Friends-词汇总表#fart\|farts]], [[Friends-词汇总表#booby\|boobies]], [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|cracks]]!

**Steve:** Chandler, you were the [[Friends-词汇总表#strongest\|strongest]] person in the program. We're offering you the position of [[Friends-词汇总表#junior\|junior]] [[Friends-词汇总表#copywriter\|copywriter]].

**Chandler:** Me, that guy who just said [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|cracks]]?

**Steve:** Yes, that's right. We're excited about the level of [[Friends-词汇总表#sophistication\|sophistication]] you'll be bringing to the job.

**Chandler:** Ok well, thanks, you won't [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] it. I'll see you tomorrow *(hangs up)*.

*(he idly goes to the sofa, starts browsing a magazine. Everybody stares at him)*

**Chandler:** What? *(pause)* Oh, yeah, I'm gonna be a [[Friends-词汇总表#junior\|junior]] [[Friends-词汇总表#copywriter\|copywriter]].

**Everybody:** *(excited)* Oh my God, [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulations]]!

**Monica:** Oh sweetie, I'm so [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of you!

**Chandler:** Does that mean I get the good loving tonight?

**Monica:** You bet! No TV or anything! *(she gets up from the sofa and goes to the kitchen area)*

**Joey:** *(to Chandler)* Hey, that is so great about the job.

**Chandler:** Thanks, man.

**Joey:** And I like to think I had a little something to do with it.

**Chandler:** Really? What?

**Joey:** Well, before, with the [[Friends-词汇总表#wishbone\|wishbone]]... I didn't wish we would win the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]], I wished you'd get the job.

**Chandler:** *(smiling, surprised)* Oh yeah? *(looks towards the kitchen, worried)* Listen, don't tell Monica, she'll [[Friends-词汇总表#rip\|rip]] your heart right out.

**Joey:** Oh yeah.

**Rachel:** You know what? There is a little part of me that really thought we were gonna win.

**Ross:** Me too. So much for my [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]]/Amelia Earhart theme park.

**Phoebe:** You guys, what was the Powerball number again? Monica and Ross: Seven.

**Phoebe:** We won.

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** We won!

**Monica:** Let me see!

*(they all jump up excitedly and try to see the ticket)*

**Phoebe:** Don't [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] it.

**Ross:** Phoebe, you don't have any of the first five numbers.

**Phoebe:** I know that, but look, we've got the Powerball number, we've won 3 dollars!

**Chandler:** Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big [[Friends-词汇总表#payout\|payout]].

**Phoebe:** *(still very excited)* I don't care, I've never won anything before, I can't believe this!

**Rachel:** So Pheebs, what are you going to do with your $3?

**Phoebe:** It's not all mine. We all get 50 [[Friends-词汇总表#cent\|cents]].

**Monica:** You know what? You can have mine.

**Chandler:** Me too.

**Joey:** Me too.

**Rachel:** Me too.

*(they all look at Ross)*

**Ross:** I guess if everybody else is...


---

**Closing credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. They're all sitting there as usual, except Joey. Gunther is serving a nearby table.

*(Joey comes in from the back of the coffee house)*

**Joey:** *(sitting in a chair)* Hey guys, so I just called the Powerball [[Friends-词汇总表#hotline\|hotline]], can you believe it? Nobody won.

**Phoebe:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#beg\|beg]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#differ\|differ]] *(shows him her cup of coffee and her plate of cookies)*.

**Gunther:** Maybe nobody won the [[Friends-词汇总表#jackpot\|jackpot]], but there was this guy in here earlier, and he found the [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] on the street, right outside, and won $10,000 *(goes to the counter)*.

*(They all glare evilly at Phoebe)*

**Phoebe:** *(hides her mouth behind the cup and speaks in the "pigeon voice" from before)* Coo, again. Don't [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] the pretty lady. It was not her [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. It was me, the [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]], [[Friends-词汇总表#coo\|coo]]! *(pause)* Seriously, stop staring at her.

*(Joey stares around dumbly looking for the "talking pigeon")*





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（35）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 5 | 180 | 101 | *I'll do it!! It'll get the casserole stink off of mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 4 | 136 | 99 | *A place to entertain my lady friends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 4 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously, Ross, you don't want in on this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 3 | 228 | 137 | *A place to eat spaghetti.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Sense the tone! No that kid Nate got it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 2 | 115 | 71 | *Well, I bet that was very hard for him to do. Second message: "Hey Chandler, it's Charlie"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Why-why aren't you more excited?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Very good!  What do you need it for anyway?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Uh...sure I do, and I also wanna be King of my own country and find out what happened to Amelia Earh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Seriously you guys, I can't believe you're going to spend 250 dollars on the lottery, I mean that's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Joey relax! My mother picked her up two hours ago. You were there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Chandler is supposed to find out if he's getting an assistent job at his ad agency. But out of the 1* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *Oh! I hate that guy! I mean come on kid! Pull up your pants!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Oh! I hate that guy! I mean come on kid! Pull up your pants!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *Oh! I hate that guy! I mean come on kid! Pull up your pants!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Hey you guys! Ok, you're not going to believe this! I just saw my psychic and she said I was definit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Hey that reminds me, I thought we could use some extra luck so I brought a wishbone home from work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Oh no, I'm good, I don't wanna get that turkey smell all over my hands.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *You know, Ross, just keep making your jokes. How are you gonna feel if we actually do win?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *You know what, Ross? I'm gonna throw in 50 bucks for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Oh, I've gotten into the habit of calling Rachel "Mommy" when we're around Emma. Which I now realize* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *I'm hoping that if she hears it enough it will be her first word.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Ok, well Monica, suppose one of your "special" tickets win? How are you gonna feel when you win the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *There's the man I married!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *OOOOOHHHHH!  Fine, I can't take it anymore! I'm putting an end to this!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Ok, good!  You guys were so scared! There was no way I was gonna dump this... Oh God, no!  I think I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Weird.. your psychic didn't mention anything about the scary pigeon...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *As a matter of fact she said that's how I am going to die.  So, excuse me for being a little skittis* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Goodnight sweetheart! I love you. And remember, you're daddy's little girl...  Phoebe's totally ruin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 1 | 162 | 106 | *Isn't that amazing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *I'm just, I'm just glad I didn't miss my daughter's first words .* |

### 常用词（78）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 9 | 204 | 33 | *Oh oh, we think Emma is about to start talking so we're trying to be careful about what words we use* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 4 | 38 | 14 | *Ooh, ooh, I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 3 | 73 | 48 | *Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all pitch in 50 bucks, we'll pool our money together a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]] | /'pidʒin/ | n. 鸽子, 易上当受骗的人, 年轻女子 | n. wild and domesticated birds having a heavy body and short legs | 3 | 18 | 12 | *Weird.. your psychic didn't mention anything about the scary pigeon...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] | /split/ | n. 劈开, 裂片, 裂缝, 分裂, 派系, 派别, 柳条 | n. extending the legs at right angles to the trunk (one in front and the other i | 2 | 26 | 21 | *Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all pitch in 50 bucks, we'll pool our money together a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|strike]] | /straik/ | n. 罢工, 打击, 殴打 | n. a group's refusal to work in protest against low pay or bad work conditions | 2 | 14 | 11 | *No! Do you know what your odds are of winning the lottery? I...I mean you have a better chance of be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spot\|spot]] | /spɒt/ | n. 污点, 地点, 斑点, 点, 娱乐场所, 处境, 少量 | n. a short section or illustration (as between radio or tv programs or in a maga | 2 | 28 | 23 | *They're towing a car. And I am seeing...spots.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]] | /'bælkәni/ | n. 阳台, 戏院楼厅 | n. an upper floor projecting from the rear over the main floor in an auditorium | 2 | 22 | 11 | *Yeah, uh... and then I figured after you win, we could all go out to the balcony and see a night rai* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 2 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit. Alright call me when you know more.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tone\|tone]] | /tәun/ | n. 音调, 音质, 语调, 语气, 色调, 气氛, 状况, 思想状态 | n. the quality of a person's voice | 2 | 15 | 11 | *Sense the tone! No that kid Nate got it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] | /ri'gret/ | n. 遗憾, 后悔, 悔恨, 抱歉, 歉意 | v. feel sad about the loss or absence of | 2 | 15 | 14 | *I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 2 | 48 | 35 | *I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 2 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh, I like that, "daddy"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 2 | 78 | 41 | *He's the boss's son.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 2 | 24 | 21 | *Ok, well, are all the tickets in the bowl?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 2 | 27 | 24 | *Don't come any closer!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 2 | 30 | 18 | *So, what? Monica, we have the winning ticket! My psychic said I  was gonna win, remember?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 2 | 81 | 49 | *"Hello. Th-this is the pigeon from the balcony calling to apologise"  "I sh.. I shouldn't have knock* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 2 | 57 | 29 | *Mum, please!I know you love your new lips, but I can barely understand you! Would you, please, just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 2 | 69 | 43 | *Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|crack]] | /kræk/ | n. 裂缝, 爆裂声 | n. a long narrow opening | 2 | 19 | 17 | *Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#junior\|junior]] | /'dʒu:njә/ | n. 年少者, 地位较低者, 大学三年级学生 | n. term of address for a disrespectful and annoying male | 2 | 15 | 13 | *Chandler, you were the strongest person in the program. We're offering you the position of junior co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Monica, hey, can I borrow the Porsche?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Seriously you guys, I can't believe you're going to spend 250 dollars on the lottery, I mean that's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Oh oh, we think Emma is about to start talking so we're trying to be careful about what words we use* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] | /siksθ/ | num. 第六, 六分之一 | n. position six in a countable series of things | 1 | 15 | 12 | *God! Look at all these tickets! It's so exciting! You know I haven't won anything since the sixth gr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pie\|pie]] | /pai/ | n. 馅饼, 财富, 总额, 贪污受贿, 杂乱, 喜鹊 | n. dish baked in pastry-lined pan often with a pastry top | 1 | 35 | 15 | *Pie eating contest?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contest\|contest]] | /'kɒntest/ | n. 竞赛, 争论 | n. an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Pie eating contest?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Oh! You assume because I was heavy that's the only way I could win something?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Think he washed his hands?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Ooh! Tough odds!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Hey that reminds me, I thought we could use some extra luck so I brought a wishbone home from work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vegetarian\|vegetarian]] | /.vedʒi'tєәriәn/ | n. 素食者, 食草动物 | n. eater of fruits and grains and nuts; someone who eats no meat or fish or (oft | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Oh can I? Vegetarians never get to do the wishbone. It's really not fair either! You know, just beca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *Oh can I? Vegetarians never get to do the wishbone. It's really not fair either! You know, just beca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turkey\|turkey]] | /'tә:ki/ | n. 火鸡, 无用的家伙, 土耳其 | n. large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food | 1 | 51 | 20 | *Oh no, I'm good, I don't wanna get that turkey smell all over my hands.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 1 | 20 | 15 | *I'll do it!! It'll get the casserole stink off of mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *I'm not really comfortable with these questions! Rachel, Chandler and Monica: Please, just do it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *You know what, I'm sure your wish is gonna come true, but, you guys - just in case, maybe a genie wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lamp\|lamp]] | /læmp/ | n. 灯 | n. an artificial source of visible illumination | 1 | 23 | 13 | *You know what, I'm sure your wish is gonna come true, but, you guys - just in case, maybe a genie wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 1 | 79 | 28 | *Ok, I've heard myself on tape and I sound nothing like that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] | /'winә/ | n. 胜利者, 优胜者 | n. the contestant who wins the contest | 1 | 16 | 13 | *I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Ooh! Calm down ...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|piss]] | /pis/ | vi. 小便, 下大雨, 抱怨 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Oh, I'm sorry, did I say "invest it"? I meant "be cool and piss it all away"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Oooh, is daddy getting angry? Is daddy gonna spank me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depend]] | /di'pend/ | vi. 靠, 视...而定, 信赖 | v. be contingent upon (something that is elided) | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well that depends ... have you been a baaad gi ..  no I can't.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] | /'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | vt. 组织, 有机化, 给予生机 | v. cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoever\|whoever]] | /hu'evә/ | pron. 任何人, 无论谁 | pron. Whatever person; any person who; be or she who; any one | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Un, no you didn't! You must be mistaken!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 1 | 38 | 28 | *When you were reading the dirty magazines without taking off the plastic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 1 | 46 | 36 | *Please ... if I win the lottery, you guys are not gonna leave me. Someone gave me a basket of mini-m* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Ahhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] | /ә'fɒ:d/ | vt. 买得起, 足以, 给予 | v. be able to spare or give up | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Let me finish ...  however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have pr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Let me finish ...  however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have pr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] | /'auәz/ | pron. 我们的 | pl.  of I | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Let me finish ...  however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have pr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Than I want mine, too ! And if I win I'm gonna put it all into a very low-yield bond.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invent\|invent]] | /in'vent/ | vt. 发明, 创作, 虚构 | v. come up with (an idea, plan, explanation, theory, or principle) after a menta | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh, yeah! Thanks for inventing the lottery!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *If we are not doing it together, we're not doing it at all! So, say goodbye to your tickets! .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *They're all in there! Even these five that I hid in my bra ...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 1 | 46 | 20 | *They're all in there! Even these five that I hid in my bra ...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Ok, good!  You guys were so scared! There was no way I was gonna dump this... Oh God, no!  I think I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Weird.. your psychic didn't mention anything about the scary pigeon...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Weird.. your psychic didn't mention anything about the scary pigeon...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *"Hello. Th-this is the pigeon from the balcony calling to apologise"  "I sh.. I shouldn't have knock* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hers\|hers]] | /hә:z/ | pron. 她的 | pron. See the Note under Her, pron. | 1 | 13 | 10 | *"Hello. Th-this is the pigeon from the balcony calling to apologise"  "I sh.. I shouldn't have knock* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *This is..shhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]] | /.ʌn'fєә/ | a. 不公平的, 不正直的, 不正当的 | a. not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Oh, it is so unfair. It's like that time they promoted Sandra over me at work.* |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 1 | 59 | 18 | *Oh, is she related to Ralph Lauren?* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 1 | 49 | 20 | *Oh, is she related to Ralph Lauren?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Guys, the drawing is about to start!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]] | /'swi:thɑ:t/ | n. 心上人, 爱人 | n. a person loved by another person | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Goodnight sweetheart! I love you. And remember, you're daddy's little girl...  Phoebe's totally ruin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Goodnight sweetheart! I love you. And remember, you're daddy's little girl...  Phoebe's totally ruin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *We are on a roll, people!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *Mum, please!I know you love your new lips, but I can barely understand you! Would you, please, just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Mum, please!I know you love your new lips, but I can barely understand you! Would you, please, just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Ok, use it in a sentence.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]] | /'saiәntist/ | n. 科学家 | n. a person with advanced knowledge of one or more sciences | 1 | 21 | 15 | *She's gonna be a scientist!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|reject]] | /ri'dʒekt/ | n. 被拒之人, 被弃之物, 不合格品, 次品 | v. refuse to accept or acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Ah, the "I'm sorry I rejected you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys.  Hey, Steve.* |

### 低频词（73）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]] | /'lɒtәri/ | n. 奖券, 彩票, 运气 | n. something that is regarded as a chance event | 14 | 15 | 2 | *Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gleba\|gleba]] | /'^li:bә/ | n. [植]产孢组织 | n fleshy spore-bearing inner mass of e.g. a puffball or stinkhorn | 7 | 7 | 1 | *She said "gleba"!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#powerball\|powerball]] | /'paʊərbɔ:l/ | 强力球（美国的全国性彩票） |  | 6 | 6 | 1 | *Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#psychic\|psychic]] | /'saikik/ | a. 灵魂的, 精神的, 心灵的 | n. a person apparently sensitive to things beyond the natural range of perceptio | 5 | 9 | 3 | *Hey you guys! Ok, you're not going to believe this! I just saw my psychic and she said I was definit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]] | /ɒdz/ | n. 可能性, 几率, 机会, 胜算, 不平等 | n. the likelihood of a thing occurring rather than not occurring | 4 | 14 | 9 | *No! Do you know what your odds are of winning the lottery? I...I mean you have a better chance of be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wishbone\|wishbone]] | /'wiʃbәun/ | n. 叉骨 | n. the furcula of a domestic fowl | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Hey that reminds me, I thought we could use some extra luck so I brought a wishbone home from work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#connecticut\|connecticut]] | /kә'netikәt/ | n. 康涅狄格 | n. a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies | 3 | 9 | 6 | *Oh! So you're driving up to Connecticut?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earhart\|earhart]] | /'iəha:t/ | n. 埃尔哈特（姓氏） | n. first woman aviator to fly solo nonstop across the Atlantic (1928); while att | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Uh...sure I do, and I also wanna be King of my own country and find out what happened to Amelia Earh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tow\|tow]] | /tәu/ | n. 拖, 拖绳, 拖轮 | n. the act of hauling something (as a vehicle) by means of a hitch or rope | 3 | 5 | 3 | *They're towing your car, they're towing your car!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#casserole\|casserole]] | /'kæsәrәul/ | n. 餐桌上用有盖的焙盘, 砂锅菜 | n. food cooked and served in a casserole | 3 | 5 | 3 | *She dropped off a casserole?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invest\|invest]] | /in'vest/ | vt. 投资, 花费, 笼罩, 授予 | v. make an investment | 3 | 7 | 5 | *I don't know, probably just invest it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nightstand\|nightstand]] | /'naitstænd/ | n. <美>床头几 |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *What about the ones you have on the nightstand?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coo\|coo]] | /ku:/ | vi. 咕咕地叫 | n. the sound made by a pigeon | 3 | 3 | 1 | *"Hello. Th-this is the pigeon from the balcony calling to apologise"  "I sh.. I shouldn't have knock* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mum\|mum]] | /mʌm/ | n. 菊花, 沉默 | n. secrecy | 3 | 5 | 3 | *You know what? We should call my mum's house and say goodnight to Emma before she goes down.* |
| ehm |  | abbr. eggs per hen per month 每鸡每月蛋数 |  | 2 | 13 | 8 | *But ehm...what is it not?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amelia\|amelia]] | /ә'mi:ljә/ | [医] 无肢[畸形], 缺肢[畸形] | n. congenital absence of an arm or leg | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Uh...sure I do, and I also wanna be King of my own country and find out what happened to Amelia Earh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lightning\|lightning]] | /'laitniŋ/ | n. 闪电 | n. abrupt electric discharge from cloud to cloud or from cloud to earth accompan | 2 | 13 | 6 | *No! Do you know what your odds are of winning the lottery? I...I mean you have a better chance of be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divide\|divide]] | /di'vaid/ | vi. 分开, 分配, 分裂 | n. a serious disagreement between two groups of people (typically producing tens | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#copywriter\|copywriter]] | /'kɒpiraitә/ | n. 广告文编写人 | n. a person employed to write advertising or publicity copy | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Chandler, you were the strongest person in the program. We're offering you the position of junior co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sherry\|sherry]] | /'ʃeri/ | n. 雪利酒, 葡萄酒 | n. dry to sweet amber wine from the Jerez region of southern Spain or similar wi | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sherry Bilsing - Graham & Ellen Plummer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#graham\|graham]] | /'ɡreiәm/ | a. 全麦的；粗面粉的；全麦粉制成的 | n. United States evangelical preacher famous as a mass evangelist (born in 1918) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Sherry Bilsing - Graham & Ellen Plummer* |
| ellen | /'elin/ | n. 埃伦（女子名） |  | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Sherry Bilsing - Graham & Ellen Plummer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plummer\|plummer]] | /'plʌmә/ | 轴台, 垫块, 承载台 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sherry Bilsing - Graham & Ellen Plummer* |
| brian | /'braiәn/ | n. 布莱恩（男子名） |  | 1 | 14 | 5 | *Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones Directed by: Gary Halvorson* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buckner\|buckner]] |  | 巴克纳（美国地名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones Directed by: Gary Halvorson* |
| sebastian | /si:'bæstjәn/ | n. 塞巴斯蒂安（男子名） |  | 1 | 6 | 2 | *Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones Directed by: Gary Halvorson* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gary\|gary]] | /'^eәri/ | n. 盖理 | n. a city in northwest Indiana on Lake Michigan; steel production | 1 | 24 | 8 | *Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones Directed by: Gary Halvorson* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halvorson\|halvorson]] |  | [人名] 霍尔沃森 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Brian Buckner & Sebastian Jones Directed by: Gary Halvorson* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#porsche\|porsche]] |  | n. 保时捷（德国知名汽车厂商或其出产的轿车品牌名） |  | 1 | 34 | 7 | *Monica, hey, can I borrow the Porsche?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#entertain\|entertain]] | /.entә'tein/ | vt. 娱乐, 招待, 怀抱 | v. provide entertainment for | 1 | 4 | 4 | *A place to entertain my lady friends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spaghetti\|spaghetti]] | /spә'geti/ | n. 意大利面条 | n. spaghetti served with a tomato sauce | 1 | 4 | 3 | *A place to eat spaghetti.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upto\|upto]] |  | na. 到；干(着)；适于；…的责任 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitch]] | /pitʃ/ | n. 程度, 坡度, 顶点, 前倾, 倾斜, 投掷, 音高, 螺距, 节距, 摊位, 树脂, 沥青 | n. the property of sound that varies with variation in the frequency of vibratio | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all pitch in 50 bucks, we'll pool our money together a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#simultaneously\|simultaneously]] | /simәl'teiniәsly; (?@) saim-/ | adv. 同时发生, 一齐, 同时, 同时存在 | r. at the same instant | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all pitch in 50 bucks, we'll pool our money together a* |
| thats |  | [网络] 太诱；颜嘉良；那个……挺……的 |  | 1 | 35 | 8 | *Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all pitch in 50 bucks, we'll pool our money together a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vanish\|vanish]] | /'væniʃ/ | vi. 消失, 不见, 成为零 | v. become invisible or unnoticeable | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The woman just vanished!* |
| alot |  | n. (Alot)人名；(西)阿洛特；(法)阿洛 |  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah so get ready to hear alot of ehm...boohaki, goshdarnit and brotherpucker.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goshdarnit\|goshdarnit]] |  |  | A more polite way of saying [god damn it] ([god damnit], [god dammit], [goddamni | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah so get ready to hear alot of ehm...boohaki, goshdarnit and brotherpucker.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blueberry\|blueberry]] | /'blu:bәri/ | n. 乌饭树 | n. any of numerous shrubs of the genus Vaccinium bearing blueberries | 1 | 6 | 4 | *No, I saw a picture of you covered in blueberries.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]] | /gә'rɑ:ʒ. 'gærɑ:ʒ/ | n. 车库, 汽车修理厂, 机库 | n. an outbuilding (or part of a building) for housing automobiles | 1 | 9 | 7 | *I'm parked in a garage on Morton!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#morton\|morton]] | /'mɔ:tən/ | n. 莫顿（男子名） | n. United States jazz musician who moved from ragtime to New Orleans jazz (1885- | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm parked in a garage on Morton!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rainbow\|rainbow]] | /'reinbәu/ | n. 彩虹 | n. an arc of colored light in the sky caused by refraction of the sun's rays by  | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah, uh... and then I figured after you win, we could all go out to the balcony and see a night rai* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gremlin\|gremlin]] | /'gremlin/ | n. 小鬼, 造成烦的原因 | n (folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, uh... and then I figured after you win, we could all go out to the balcony and see a night rai* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intern\|intern]] | /in'tә:n/ | n. 实习生, 被拘留者 | n. an advanced student or graduate in medicine gaining supervised practical expe | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Chandler is supposed to find out if he's getting an assistent job at his ad agency. But out of the 1* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slot\|slot]] | /slɒt/ | n. 水沟, 细长孔, 硬币投币口, 缝, 狭槽, 狭通道, 位置, 一档(广播节目等) | n. a position in a grammatical linguistic construction in which a variety of alt | 1 | 2 | 2 | *One of the slots got filled.* |
| nate |  | abbr. 全国英语教师协会（ National Association of Teachers of English） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sense the tone! No that kid Nate got it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carcass\|carcass]] | /'kɑ:kәs/ | n. 尸体 | n the dead body of an animal especially one slaughtered and dressed for food | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh can I? Vegetarians never get to do the wishbone. It's really not fair either! You know, just beca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genie\|genie]] | /'dʒi:ni/ | n. 妖怪, 鬼 | n. (Islam) an invisible spirit mentioned in the Koran and believed by Muslims to | 1 | 4 | 2 | *You know what, I'm sure your wish is gonna come true, but, you guys - just in case, maybe a genie wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helicopter\|helicopter]] | /'helikɒptә/ | n. 直升机 | n. an aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh, I know, I know, the odds are against us, but somebody has to win, and it could be us! And then h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cape\|cape]] | /keip/ | n. 岬, 海角, 披肩, 斗蓬 | n. a strip of land projecting into a body of water | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Oh, I know, I know, the odds are against us, but somebody has to win, and it could be us! And then h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hyundai\|hyundai]] |  | n. 现代（公司名, 韩国最大汽车企业） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I know, I know, the odds are against us, but somebody has to win, and it could be us! And then h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headline\|headline]] | /'hedlain/ | n. 大标题, 新闻摘要 | n. the heading or caption of a newspaper article | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#announce\|announce]] | /ә'nauns/ | vt. 宣布, 声称, 显示, 预告 | v. make known; make an announcement | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Uh, how long until they announce the numbers, Mommy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#habit\|habit]] | /'hæbit/ | n. 习惯, 嗜好, 习性 | n. an established custom | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, I've gotten into the habit of calling Rachel "Mommy" when we're around Emma. Which I now realize* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spank\|spank]] | /spæŋk/ | vt. 打, 拍击, 飞跑 | n. a slap with the flat of the hand | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oooh, is daddy getting angry? Is daddy gonna spank me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remain\|remain]] | /ri'mein/ | vi. 保持, 逗留, 剩余 | v. be left; of persons, questions, problems, results, evidence, etc. | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pile\|pile]] | /pail/ | n. 堆, 大堆, 大厦, 建筑群, 电池, 大量, 桥桩, 软毛, 痔疮 | n. a collection of objects laid on top of each other | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#betray\|betray]] | /bi'trei/ | vt. 出卖, 背叛, 辜负, 暴露 | v. reveal unintentionally | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Uh! The psychic also said that I would be betrayed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#principle\|principle]] | /'prinsipl/ | n. 原则, 原理, 主义 | n. a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a bas | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Let me finish ...  however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have pr* |
| steffi |  | n. (Steffi)人名；(德)施特菲 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, I want my tickets too ! And I'm buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff, ah ah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#graff\|graff]] | /^rɑ:f/ | n. 壕, 沟；河渠 | n. A steward; an overseer. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, I want my tickets too ! And I'm buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff, ah ah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#valuable\|valuable]] | /'væljuәbl/ | a. 有价值的, 贵重的, 宝贵的, 可估价的 | n. something of value | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squish\|squish]] | /skwiʃ/ | n. 咯吱声, 挤扁 | n. the noise of soft mud being walked on | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skittish\|skittish]] | /'skitiʃ/ | a. 易惊的, 轻佻的, 三心二意的, 不可靠的, 羞怯的, 活泼的, 爱蹦跳的, 活跃的 | s. unpredictably excitable (especially of horses) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *As a matter of fact she said that's how I am going to die.  So, excuse me for being a little skittis* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apologise\|apologise]] | /ә'pɔlәdʒaiz/ | vi. 道歉（等于apologize） | v defend, explain, clear away, or make excuses for by reasoning | 1 | 5 | 4 | *"Hello. Th-this is the pigeon from the balcony calling to apologise"  "I sh.. I shouldn't have knock* |
| sandra |  | n. 桑德拉（女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, it is so unfair. It's like that time they promoted Sandra over me at work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#badly\|badly]] | /'bædli/ | adv. 严重地, 恶劣地, 极度地 | r. to a severe or serious degree | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Honey, you've been really strong about this, I know how badly you wanted that job.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fleshy\|fleshy]] | /'fleʃi/ | a. 肉的, 肉体的 | s. usually describes a large person who is fat but has a large frame to carry it | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Alright, okay, okay, gleba, gleba...  Gleba! Ha! Here it is: the fleshy, spore-bearing inner mass of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inner\|inner]] | /'inә/ | a. 内部的, 内心的 | s. located inward | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Alright, okay, okay, gleba, gleba...  Gleba! Ha! Here it is: the fleshy, spore-bearing inner mass of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fungi\|fungi]] | /'fʌndʒai, 'fʌŋ^ai/ | pl. 真菌, 突然发生而迅速生长的东西 | n. the taxonomic kingdom including yeast, molds, smuts, mushrooms, and toadstool | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Alright, okay, okay, gleba, gleba...  Gleba! Ha! Here it is: the fleshy, spore-bearing inner mass of* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maturity\|maturity]] | /mә'tjuәriti/ | n. 成熟, 完备, 到期 | n. state of being mature; full development | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Chandler, hi! I'm sure you've heard we filled the three positions. We just felt that with your matur* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fart\|fart]] | /fɑ:t/ | n. 屁 | n. a reflex that expels intestinal gas through the anus | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#booby\|booby]] | /'bu:bi/ | n. 呆子, 傻瓜 | n. small tropical gannet having a bright bill or bright feet or both | 1 | 8 | 3 | *Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for th* |
