---
season: 9
episode: "14"
title: "914 The One With the Blind Dates"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E14 — 914 The One With the Blind Dates

*Written by Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen Plummer*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is in the kitchen as Joey enters from his bedroom.

**Joey:** Morning, [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]]!

**Rachel:** Hey! You remembered to put clothes on this morning.

**Joey:** Fifth day's a [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charm]].

**Rachel:** Oh, Joey, it's so great to be back here. I gotta tell you, you're making it so easy on me and Emma.

**Joey:** Hey, it's great having you back. You know, stay as long as you want, and when does she stop crying all night?

*(Ross enters.)*

**Ross:** Hey, you're not naked! So hey, Rach, when will we expect to see you tonight?

**Rachel:** Well, I'll probably be back to pick her up around six, but she's in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] all ready to go. But she did actually fall back to sleep, so...

**Joey:** She's probably [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhausted]] from all that [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]] [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screaming]] she did last night.

**Rachel:** Bye!

*(She leaves.)*

**Ross:** Bye! Hey, I hope Emma isn't making it too hard on you.

**Joey:** No, hey, it's been great.

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Joey:** Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything, all my [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] from before are totally over, okay? And even if they weren't, when you [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] walk in on a woman using a breast [[Friends-词汇总表#pump\|pump]]...

**Ross:** Yeah, that'll do it.

**Joey:** Wow! So, how are you?

**Ross:** I'm, I'm okay.

**Joey:** Really?

**Ross:** Sure, I mean, do I wish me and Rachel living together would have worked out? Of course. You know, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappointed]], but it's not like it's a divorce.

**Joey:** Well, actually it...

**Ross:** No, it's not a divorce, it is not a divorce! Anyway, I think Rachel and I need to, you know, get on with our lives, maybe, maybe start seeing other people.

**Joey:** Wow, really?

**Ross:** Yeah, sure, why not? In fact, if you know anyone that would be good for me...

**Joey:** Sure, I know lots of girls.

**Ross:** Yeah? Any names come to mind?

**Joey:** Ooh, names?


---

**Opening credits.**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Joey is there as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Hey.

**Joey:** Hey. I was just gonna get something to eat. You want something?

**Phoebe:** What you got? Joey *(checks the refrigerator)*: Okay, let's see, we got [[Friends-词汇总表#strain\|strained]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pea\|peas]], strained [[Friends-词汇总表#carrot\|carrots]]... Ooh! Strained [[Friends-词汇总表#plum\|plums]]. We haven't tried that yet.

**Phoebe:** Goodie! Thanks. So, how is it living with Rachel again? I mean, [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] from the great food.

**Joey:** I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with her and Ross. You know, yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.

**Phoebe:** Oh my god, Rachel asked me if I knew anyone for her too.

**Joey:** Why are they doing this?

**Phoebe:** I don't know. They're so perfect for each other; it's crazy.

**Joey:** You know what's crazy? These [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jars]]. What is it, like two [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bites]] in here?

**Phoebe:** I just wish they'd [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] they should be together.

**Joey:** I know, I know. And when they moved back in together, I figured y'know, that's where things were headed.

**Phoebe:** I know. They should be a family. They should get married and have more children.

**Joey:** Yes, and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have kids; someone's gotta carry on the family name.

**Phoebe:** You know what? Maybe once they start dating, and they see what's out there, they'll [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] how good they are for each other.

**Joey:** Yeah, because it is [[Friends-词汇总表#slim\|slim]] [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|pickings]]. I had this date last night: Yuck! But we should probably keep it down; she's still in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]].

**Phoebe:** So, what are we gonna do? Are we just gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] and set them up with people?

**Joey:** I know; that just [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushes]] them further and further [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah. *(BEAT)* Oh, I know what we can do. We could set Ross and Rachel up on [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] dates, so that they'll [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] how good they are together.

**Joey:** Ooh, that's a great plan!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, you know what the best part of it is? I get to do my "plan-laugh." *(A maniacal laugh follows.)*

*(They both start laughing really loudly.)*

**Joey:** Shhh! Not so [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]], we don't wanna wake up, uh...

*(He looks at his bedroom door, but he can't remember the name of the girl.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. They're in the kitchen as Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Rachel:** You guys aren't doing anything tonight, are you?

**Chandler:** See, now, why would you [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are very [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]], happening people. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to reading the [[Friends-词汇总表#obituary\|obituaries]].

**Rachel:** I was just asking 'cause I need someone to watch Emma tonight.

**Monica:** Sure, we'll do that. What are you up to?

**Rachel:** Well, Phoebe set me up on a date.

**Monica:** Oh my god.

**Chandler:** Wow.

**Rachel:** Why? What's the big deal?

**Monica:** Just figured, 'cause you and Ross are...

**Rachel:** What, slept together a year and a half ago? Yeah, I'm all set.

**Chandler:** Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]]. I mean, you have needs. Embrace your [[Friends-词汇总表#womanhood\|womanhood]]!

**Monica:** You want a job? Turn off "Oprah," and send out a [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]]!

**Rachel:** So I'll bring her by around seven? Is that okay?

**Monica:** Oh, it's perfect.

**Rachel:** Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she's eating solid food, she [[Friends-词汇总表#poop\|poops]] around the [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]. And watch out for your hair, 'cause she likes to grab it. And oh, she's also in this phase where if you leave the room, she [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screams]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]], but ah... Thanks, you guys. Have fun! Chandler *(reading the newspaper)*: Suddenly I wish I was reading my own name.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Joey is drinking coffee by the counter as Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, Joey.

**Joey:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hey. I'm so excited; I just set up Rachel with the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] guy tonight.

**Joey:** All right! Who is he?

**Phoebe:** Well, it's this guy I used to [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]]. And by massage, I mean hold down so he wouldn't turn over and flash me. Joey *(gives a thumbs up sign)*: Okay, okay. Wait [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] you hear who I got for Ross.

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah.

*(They sit down on the couch.)*

**Joey:** She's this really [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|boring]] woman. She's a teacher!

**Phoebe:** A teacher?

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah, she's really into history and foreign movies... And oh, oh, she loves [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzles]]. Huh? Come on, who loves puzzles?

**Phoebe:** Well, Ross does. What... You're - you're [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruining]] the plan! Joey, you've - you've fixed him up with his perfect woman!

**Joey:** Oh my god, you're right!

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Joey:** She even reads for [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]]!

**Phoebe:** How do you even know a woman like that?

**Joey:** What? I'm not allowed to know smart women?

**Phoebe:** Joey.

**Joey:** I met her at the library. I went in to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]].

**Phoebe:** So now what do we do?

**Joey:** Well, okay, I'll - I'll just call her and tell her the date's [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancelled]], and find him somebody else.

**Phoebe:** What if we don't find him somebody else? We'll just tell her the date's off, but we don't tell Ross, and he goes to the restaurant and gets stood up!

**Joey:** Ooh...I hear that's bad.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, so this is great! Rachel's gonna have a terrible date, Ross gets stood up, and then they'll [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] how good they have it together.

**Joey:** Ah, yes, The Plan! *(Laughs loudly again, but he sounds more like Santa Claus.)*

**Phoebe:** It's not Santa's plan. No, it's... *(Laughs the real "plan-laugh.")*

*(They both start laughing again.)*

**Joey:** Yeah, you know, it's not that fun.

**Phoebe:** No, I think we killed it.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Emma is there in her playpen, while Chandler is behind the couch.

**Chandler:** Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] for a while.

*(He does the ancient trick of going downstairs while behind the couch. As soon as he's out of sight, Emma starts crying.)*

**Chandler:** No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go. Don't cry, it's just a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]! I'm your [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] Chandler; funny is all I have!

*(Monica enters from their bedroom with a calendar.)*

**Monica:** Okay, just so you know, I'm gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulating]] from tomorrow until the [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]], so don't touch yourself in the next 48 hours.

**Chandler:** I don't do that.

*(Monica looks at him.)*

**Chandler:** I'll try to stop. Wait, did you say until the [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]]?

**Monica:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Today is the [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]].

**Monica:** No, it's not.

*(Points at the calendar.)*

**Chandler:** Yes, it's also 2003.

**Monica:** Oh my god. Today's the [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]]?! I may be done [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulating]]! I may have also served some very [[Friends-词汇总表#questionable\|questionable]] [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] at the restaurant.

**Chandler:** It's okay. Go take the test and see if we're okay.

**Monica:** Okay.

*(She runs to the bathroom, while Chandler starts acting like a chicken in front of Emma. Emma is silent, however.)*

**Chandler:** Tough [[Friends-词汇总表#crib\|crib]].

**Monica:** Hey, where are all my ovulation-sticks? There's only one here.

**Chandler:** I might have checked to see if I was [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulating]] a couple times.

**Monica:** Chandler!

**Chandler:** I am not working. There's not much to do around here!


> [!scene] Scene: Delmonico's restaurant. Ross is waiting for his blind date to show up. A waiter walks past him.

**Ross:** Excuse me, is there a woman waiting at the bar? Someone average [[Friends-词汇总表#height\|height]], dark hair, perhaps doing a [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzle]]?

**Waiter:** Uh, there's a drunk Chinese guy.

**Ross:** Well, if I'm still here in an hour, buy him a drink on me.

**Waiter:** Can I get you another glass of wine?

**Ross:** Nah, I don't know if I should. I don't wanna be drunk when I go home alone.

**Waiter:** Got stood up, huh?

**Ross:** Yeah, it's no big deal. It's just a [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] date.

**Waiter:** Are you worried your date came, saw you, and left?

**Ross:** No!

*(The waiter leaves.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica emerges from the bathroom.

**Monica:** We're okay. I'm still [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulating]].

**Chandler:** Oh, good, because as of four o'clock this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]], I am not.

**Monica:** So, let's do this.

**Chandler:** I - I don't think I can.

**Monica:** Come on. I know you're not [[Friends-词汇总表#eighteen\|eighteen]] anymore, but give it a minute.

**Chandler:** Because of Emma.

**Monica:** Oh my god, Emma. Oh, sweetie, I forgot you were here. Oh, you're right, we can't do this. We can't leave her alone.

**Chandler:** Sorry.

**Monica:** Unless... Maybe we do it here. I mean, how much can she even be [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] of at this age?

**Chandler:** Well, she's [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] when we leave the room. She may notice if we start... [[Friends-词汇总表#canoodle\|canoodling]] in it.

**Monica:** Canoodling?

**Chandler:** Well, I can't say "[[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|hump]]" or "[[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]]" in front of the B-A-B-Y.

**Monica:** I don't know. I mean, I guess having sex in front of a baby isn't so...

**Chandler:** Horrifying? Scarring? Something people go to [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]] for?

**Monica:** I guess you're right.

**Chandler:** You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you wouldn't have sex with me because you thought a [[Friends-词汇总表#deer\|deer]] was staring through the window.

**Monica:** But what kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] wants to do it in front of a [[Friends-词汇总表#deer\|deer]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Another restaurant. Rachel is studying the menu together with her date, Steve. Steve is the stoned restaurateur from 115 TOW the Stoned Guy.

**Rachel:** Wow, everything looks so good! I think I'm gonna have the [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]]. Steve *(staring at Rachel)*: I - I just have to say this; you're really beautiful.

**Rachel:** Oh, well, that's - that's very sweet. Thank you.

**Steve:** I'm kind of funny looking.

**Rachel:** What?

**Steve:** Oh, come on, you're way out of my league. Everybody in here knows it. Bet that guy over there's probably saying, "ooh, why she out with him? He must be rich!" Well, I'm not! Rachel *(feeling awkward)*: So, what do think you wanna order? I'm really excited about that [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]].

**Steve:** I'm not funny either. So, if you were thinking, "well, he's not that good-looking, but maybe we'll have some laughs"... That ain't gonna happen.

**Rachel:** Well, come on, Steve; let's not rule out [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#laughter\|laughter]]. Hey, now wait a minute. Phoebe told me that - that you owned your own restaurant. That's [[Friends-词汇总表#impressive\|impressive]].

**Steve:** I lost it. To drugs.

*(Steve makes a face as if his mouth is too dry.)*

**Steve:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#silk\|silk]]-screen t-shirts now.

**Rachel:** Really? What's that like?

**Steve:** It's really [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfil\|fulfilling]] doing something you hate for no money. That's right. I have no money, I'm not funny, I live in a studio apartment with two other guys, and I'm pretty sure I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#infertile\|infertile]]. Rachel *(awkward chuckle)*: Now, come on, come on, Steve. There must be something that you like about yourself.

**Steve:** I do like my hair.

**Rachel:** Really?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Joey are there. Phoebe's cell phone rings.

**Phoebe:** Hello?

*(Rachel is still at the restaurant, but Steve is gone.)*

**Rachel:** Phoebe, it's me. I'm going to [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] you down and kill you!

**Phoebe:** Hey, Rach!

**Rachel:** This is the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] date ever. How could you set me up with this [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]]?

**Phoebe:** You know, you are talking about one of my [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]], dear friends.

**Rachel:** I don't care! This guy is a [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh, right, so he gets a little crazy when he's stoned.

**Rachel:** He's not stoned.

**Phoebe:** Did he go out for a [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]]?

**Rachel:** Yeah, four times.

**Phoebe:** My [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]], sweet Rach.

*(Rachel hangs up in disgust.) Phoebe (to Joey): Well, our plan is working. Rachel is having a miserable time, and Ross is just stood up somewhere at a restaurant all alone.*

**Joey:** Oh, great, pretty soon they'll be back together.

**Phoebe:** By the time anyone's figured out what we've done, we'll be in [[Friends-词汇总表#sunny\|sunny]] Mexico. *(BEAT)* Oh, wait, that's the end of a different plan.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Emma has fallen asleep in her playpen, and Chandler has fallen asleep right next to her on the floor. He's even sucking on a pacifier.

**Monica:** She's [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]. Chandler?

*(Chandler wakes up and looks a bit confused when he finds that he has a pacifier in his mouth.)*

**Monica:** What are you doing?

**Chandler:** Emma was doing it!

**Monica:** She's [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]].

**Chandler:** Ooh, she's [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]], that means we can...

**Monica:** Yes, but we have to be fast. Chandler *(laughs)*: Okay, I'll try. And you can't make any [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]]. Monica *(laughs)*: Okay, I'll try.

*(They run to the bedroom and close the door carefully just as Joey enters.)*

**Joey:** Hello?

*(Emma starts making noises, and Joey walks over to her playpen.)*

**Joey:** Emma? Hey! Hi!

*(He picks her up.)*

**Joey:** How are ya? How are ya? Where are your [[Friends-词汇总表#babysitter\|babysitters]], huh? Why's the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] door closed?

*(He walks over, but just before he knocks on the door, he hears some moans and looks shocked.)*

**Joey:** You can't have S-E-X, when you're taking care of the B-A-B-I-E!

*(He walks out quickly with Emma in his arms.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Delmonico's. Ross is still waiting for his date and drinking wine. The waiter comes up to him again.

**Waiter:** I've got bad news. The Chinese guy left.

**Ross:** Eh, if it was meant to be, it's meant to be.

**Waiter:** Look; you got stood up, who cares? We're gonna show you a good time. Just sit and relax. In fact, let me bring you a [[Friends-词汇总表#crab\|crab]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] [[Friends-词汇总表#appetizer\|appetizer]] on the house.

**Ross:** Wow, free [[Friends-词汇总表#crab\|crab]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cakes]]. Well, that's nice. Although I was hoping to have sex tonight.

**Waiter:** Ooh...

*(Ross sees the waiter looking at him.)*

**Ross:** Just the [[Friends-词汇总表#crab\|crab]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cakes]].

*(Meanwhile, another waiter has come up to the first waiter.) Waiter #2: What are you doing? Are you trying to get him to stay? Because you can't do that.*

**Waiter:** Just get out of here, okay?

**Ross:** What's - what's going on?

**Waiter:** Eh, okay, the [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiters]] have a little pool going. We have a bet on how long it'll take before you give up and go home.

**Ross:** What? You - you're making money off my [[Friends-词汇总表#misery\|misery]]?

**Waiter:** Well, if you stay [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] 9:20, I am.

**Ross:** This is [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]. I - I have never been so [[Friends-词汇总表#insult\|insulted]] in my life. Now, if you'll [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] up my free [[Friends-词汇总表#crab\|crab]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cakes]], I'll be on my way.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. They're done and come out of their bedroom. Emma is still gone.

**Monica:** Well, that was weird. You were [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]], and I was fast.

**Chandler:** I think we may have really done it this time.

**Monica:** Oh, I wish I didn't have to wait to take a [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] test.

**Chandler:** You may wanna get some more of those too.

*(They walk over to the playpen.)*

**Chandler:** Where's Emma?

**Monica:** Oh my god, where's Emma? Where's Emma?

**Chandler:** Don't ask me, I was in there [[Friends-词汇总表#canoodle\|canoodling]] you!

**Monica:** Okay, okay, I'm sure that Rachel came home early and picked up Emma. You go look across the hall, and I'll call her cell.

**Chandler:** Okay. *(Runs out.)*

**Monica:** Hey, you better hope that we're [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]], because one way or another, we're giving a baby back to Rachel.


> [!scene] Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Steve are walking home from their date. Steve is sobbing.] Steve (sobbing): I - I can't believe Im crying in front of you. You must think I'm so pathetic.

**Rachel:** No, no, no, I [[Friends-词汇总表#admire\|admire]] a man who can cry.

**Steve:** Really?

*(He puts his hand on her shoulder.)*

**Rachel:** Don't touch my [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]]!

*(Her cell phone rings.)*

**Rachel:** Oh, sorry, it's my phone. Hello? Monica *(on phone)*: Hey, Rach, how's it going?

**Rachel:** Oh my god, this is the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] date ever!

*(Steve starts crying loudly.) Rachel (to Steve): Look, you know what, I'm sorry, but did you really think that this was going well? (To Monica.) What's up?*

**Monica:** Hey, did you stop by here?

**Rachel:** No.

**Monica:** Oh my god, then...

*(Joey and Chandler enter with Emma.)*

**Monica:** Oh, thank god! Emma, there you are!

**Rachel:** What? What do you mean, "there you are"? Where was she?

**Monica:** Oh, we were playing "[[Friends-词汇总表#peek\|peek]]-a-[[Friends-词汇总表#boo\|boo]]." She just  she loves it when I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#dramatic\|dramatic]].

*(Monica hangs up, and Rachel looks at her phone.) Monica (to Joey): Why the hell did you take her?*

**Joey:** Because you two were having sex!

**Monica:** No, we weren't!

**Joey:** Don't you lie to me! I could tell by Chandler's hair. *(To Chandler.)* You are so [[Friends-词汇总表#lazy\|lazy]]. Can't you get on top for once?

**Chandler:** All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulating]].

**Joey:** Hey! It is [[Friends-词汇总表#unacceptable\|unacceptable]] that you two would have sex with Emma in the next room. I'm gonna have to tell Rachel about this.

*(Joey starts to leave.)*

**Chandler:** No, no, no.

**Monica:** No, please don't. Please, Joey. She will kill us!

**Joey:** Hey, I gotta! Unless...

**Monica:** Unless what?

**Joey:** Unless you name your [[Friends-词汇总表#firstborn\|firstborn]] child Joey.

**Chandler:** What? Why?

**Joey:** Hey, I may never have kids, and somebody's gotta carry on my family name.

**Chandler:** Your family name is Tribbiani.

**Joey:** *(BEAT)* *(Laughs.)* You almost had me.

*(He leaves.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Steve and Rachel are still there.

**Rachel:** Well, uh...

**Steve:** Look, I think I know the answer to this question, but... Would you like to make love to me?

**Rachel:** Really, really not.

**Steve:** Eh, it's just as well. Doesn't work anyway.

**Rachel:** All right, well that's good to know. Good night, Steve.

*(She walks over to Central Perk and enters to find Ross sitting on the couch, eating crab cakes. She takes off her coat while groaning and shuddering.)*

**Ross:** Hey, what's wrong?

**Rachel:** I just had a [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] night.

**Ross:** Oh. Crab [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]]?

**Rachel:** Eww!

**Ross:** Well, what happened?

**Rachel:** Oh, well, I...It's kind of weird talking to you about this, but...

**Ross:** Monica told me you had a [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] date.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** I did, too.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Ross:** But is it [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] a date if the other person doesn't show up?

**Rachel:** Oh, oh no. Do you think she walked in, saw you and left?

**Ross:** Why does everyone keep saying that?

**Rachel:** Well, if it makes you feel any better, I wish my date hadn't shown up.

**Ross:** That bad?

**Rachel:** Well, he makes t-shirts for a living, and he thought it would be appropriate to give me this.

*(She holds up a black t-shirt with "FBI - Female Body Inspector" on the front.)*

**Ross:** Female body [[Friends-词汇总表#inspector\|inspector]]? What size is that?


> [!scene] Cut to outside. Phoebe and Joey are walking down the street to Central Perk.

**Phoebe:** Now, wait a minute. So, they're gonna name their first child Joey?

**Joey:** Uh-huh.

**Phoebe:** How - how do I get them to name the next one after me?

**Joey:** It's easy, you just walk in on them having sex.

**Phoebe:** Oh, so they [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me like, three Phoebes.

*(Phoebe sees Rachel and Ross through the window.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my god! Look, it's Ross and Rachel. Oh, the plan is working.

*(Joey does the "plan-laugh.")*

**Phoebe:** Don't, don't do the plan-laugh.


> [!scene] Cut to inside Central Perk.

**Ross:** The first date we've had in months, and they were both such [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disasters]].

**Rachel:** Oh. Huh. You know, it is weird that Phoebe would set me up on a date that was [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] on the same night that Joey set you up on a date that didn't even show.

**Ross:** Wait a minute; you don't think it was [[Friends-词汇总表#intentional\|intentional]]? I mean, that's just stupid.


> [!scene] Cut to outside Central Perk.

**Joey:** We're [[Friends-词汇总表#genius\|geniuses]]! Yeah, look at them, look at them, they're really [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bonding]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, yeah, they're falling in love all over again.

*(Rachel and Ross turn around and look at Phoebe and Joey with puzzled expressions on their faces.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, they see us! Oh, they, they look mad. Oh, they figured it out. They're coming this way. Run!

**Joey:** Where?

**Phoebe:** Mexico!

*(They run down the street with Ross and Rachel following right behind them.) End credits.*


> [!scene] Scene: Delmonico's restaurant. Ross and Joey are sitting at a table for four. The waiter is pouring water in their glasses.

**Joey:** Can you believe they're still not here?

**Ross:** I know. A double [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] date, and we both get stood up. What are the chances?

**Joey:** I know, I'm so [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bummed]]. Can we have our free [[Friends-词汇总表#crab\|crab]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cakes]] now?

**Waiter:** What?

**Joey:** We've been stood up. *(sniffles)* And we want our free [[Friends-词汇总表#crab\|crab]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cakes]].

**Waiter:** Guys, give it a rest. Nobody's betting on you tonight. Although we do have a pool going to see how long it takes that guy to cry.

*(He points at Steve who's sitting at another table. He's staring at his hands.)*

**Steve:** I have such fat hands!

*(He starts crying.)*





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 4 | 266 | 138 | *I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with her and Ross. You know, yesterd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 3 | 84 | 53 | *Sure, I mean, do I wish me and Rachel living together would have worked out? Of course. You know, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *I don't know. They're so perfect for each other; it's crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 3 | 101 | 68 | *No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go. Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *I don't know. I mean, I guess having sex in front of a baby isn't so...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *No, it's not a divorce, it is not a divorce! Anyway, I think Rachel and I need to, you know, get on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with her and Ross. You know, yesterd* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *I know. They should be a family. They should get married and have more children.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Hey. I'm so excited; I just set up Rachel with the worst guy tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Uh, there's a drunk Chinese guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 2 | 115 | 71 | *Oh, come on, you're way out of my league. Everybody in here knows it. Bet that guy over there's prob* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Phoebe, it's me. I'm going to hunt you down and kill you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *Hey! You remembered to put clothes on this morning.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *Well, I'll probably be back to pick her up around six, but she's in the bedroom all ready to go. But* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything, all my feeling* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Hey. I was just gonna get something to eat. You want something?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Shhh! Not so loud, we don't wanna wake up, uh...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Ooh, so this is great! Rachel's gonna have a terrible date, Ross gets stood up, and then they'll rea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Are you worried your date came, saw you, and left?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Come on. I know you're not eighteen anymore, but give it a minute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh my god, Emma. Oh, sweetie, I forgot you were here. Oh, you're right, we can't do this. We can't l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Horrifying? Scarring? Something people go to jail for?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *I'm not funny either. So, if you were thinking, "well, he's not that good-looking, but maybe we'll h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *It's really fulfilling doing something you hate for no money. That's right. I have no money, I'm not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *It's really fulfilling doing something you hate for no money. That's right. I have no money, I'm not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Look; you got stood up, who cares? We're gonna show you a good time. Just sit and relax. In fact, le* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Look; you got stood up, who cares? We're gonna show you a good time. Just sit and relax. In fact, le* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Wow, free crab cakes. Well, that's nice. Although I was hoping to have sex tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Don't you lie to me! I could tell by Chandler's hair.  You are so lazy. Can't you get on top for onc* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Your family name is Tribbiani.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Wait a minute; you don't think it was intentional? I mean, that's just stupid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Oh, they see us! Oh, they, they look mad. Oh, they figured it out. They're coming this way. Run!* |

### 常用词（65）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 15 | 204 | 33 | *Oh, Joey, it's so great to be back here. I gotta tell you, you're making it so easy on me and Emma.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 5 | 67 | 29 | *Wow, free crab cakes. Well, that's nice. Although I was hoping to have sex tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 4 | 44 | 29 | *I just wish they'd realise they should be together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixth\|sixth]] | /siksθ/ | num. 第六, 六分之一 | n. position six in a countable series of things | 4 | 15 | 12 | *Okay, just so you know, I'm gonna be ovulating from tomorrow until the sixth, so don't touch yoursel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 3 | 64 | 45 | *Well, I'll probably be back to pick her up around six, but she's in the bedroom all ready to go. But* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 3 | 58 | 45 | *Hey. I'm so excited; I just set up Rachel with the worst guy tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 3 | 28 | 21 | *Yeah, it's no big deal. It's just a blind date.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 3 | 53 | 40 | *You know, you are talking about one of my dear, dear friends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 3 | 65 | 36 | *She's asleep. Chandler?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] | /ә'pɑ:t/ | adv. 成零碎, 成距离, 分别地, 分离着 | s. remote and separate physically or socially | 2 | 19 | 15 | *Goodie! Thanks. So, how is it living with Rachel again? I mean, apart from the great food.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 2 | 37 | 30 | *Shhh! Not so loud, we don't wanna wake up, uh...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 2 | 63 | 30 | *Well, it's this guy I used to massage. And by massage, I mean hold down so he wouldn't turn over and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#till\|till]] | /til/ | prep. 直到, 在...以前, 迄 | n. unstratified soil deposited by a glacier; consists of sand and clay and grave | 2 | 17 | 15 | *Well, it's this guy I used to massage. And by massage, I mean hold down so he wouldn't turn over and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aware\|aware]] | /ә'wєә/ | a. 知道的, 有觉悟的 | a. (sometimes followed by `of') having or showing knowledge or understanding or  | 2 | 12 | 10 | *Unless... Maybe we do it here. I mean, how much can she even be aware of at this age?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 2 | 74 | 39 | *Wow, everything looks so good! I think I'm gonna have the chicken. Steve : I - I just have to say th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] | /fifθ/ | num. 第五, 五分之一 | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Fifth day's a charm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charm\|charm]] | /tʃɑ:m/ | n. 吸引力, 魔力, 符咒 | n. something believed to bring good luck | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Fifth day's a charm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhaust]] | /ig'zɒ:st/ | n. 排气, 排气装置, 废气 | n. gases ejected from an engine as waste products | 1 | 11 | 11 | *She's probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did last night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]] | /ә'dɒ:rәbl/ | a. 可崇拜的, 值得敬慕的, 可爱的 | s. lovable especially in a childlike or naive way | 1 | 11 | 10 | *She's probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did last night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *She's probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did last night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything, all my feeling* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] | /.æksi'dentli/ | adv. 偶然地, 意外地 | r without advance planning | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything, all my feeling* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disappoint\|disappoint]] | /.disә'pɒint/ | vt. 使失望 | v. fail to meet the hopes or expectations of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Sure, I mean, do I wish me and Rachel living together would have worked out? Of course. You know, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] | /dʒɑ:/ | n. 广口瓶, 震动, 刺耳声 | n. a vessel (usually cylindrical) with a wide mouth and without handles | 1 | 14 | 13 | *You know what's crazy? These jars. What is it, like two bites in here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *You know what's crazy? These jars. What is it, like two bites in here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *So, what are we gonna do? Are we just gonna go ahead and set them up with people?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *I know; that just pushes them further and further apart.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *Yeah.  Oh, I know what we can do. We could set Ross and Rachel up on horrible dates, so that they'll* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Shhh! Not so loud, we don't wanna wake up, uh...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resume\|resume]] | /ri'zju:m/ | vt. 重新开始, 取回, 恢复 | v. take up or begin anew | 1 | 12 | 10 | *You want a job? Turn off "Oprah," and send out a resume!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 1 | 38 | 27 | *Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] | /'sʌdәnli/ | adv. 突然, 意外, 忽然, 迅速, 即席作成, 即刻, 急速 | r. happening unexpectedly | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 1 | 38 | 27 | *She's this really boring woman. She's a teacher!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Well, Ross does. What... You're - you're ruining the plan! Joey, you've - you've fixed him up with h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *She even reads for pleasure!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *I met her at the library. I went in to pee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Well, okay, I'll - I'll just call her and tell her the date's cancelled, and find him somebody else.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go. Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *Oh my god. Today's the sixth?! I may be done ovulating! I may have also served some very questionabl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Tough crib.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Oh, good, because as of four o'clock this afternoon, I am not.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Well, I can't say "hump" or "screw" in front of the B-A-B-Y.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *But what kind of a sick bastard wants to do it in front of a deer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *But what kind of a sick bastard wants to do it in front of a deer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Well, come on, Steve; let's not rule out nervous laughter. Hey, now wait a minute. Phoebe told me th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]] | /'naitmєә/ | n. 梦魇, 恶梦, 可怕的事物(或情景、人物) | n. a situation resembling a terrifying dream | 1 | 11 | 11 | *I don't care! This guy is a nightmare!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] | /.sigә'ret/ | n. 香烟, 纸烟 | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | 1 | 27 | 16 | *Did he go out for a cigarette?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 1 | 40 | 26 | *Yes, but we have to be fast. Chandler : Okay, I'll try. And you can't make any noise. Monica : Okay,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] | /'weitә/ | n. 侍者 | n. a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant) | 1 | 30 | 18 | *Eh, okay, the waiters have a little pool going. We have a bet on how long it'll take before you give* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *This is unbelievable. I - I have never been so insulted in my life. Now, if you'll wrap up my free c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 1 | 27 | 23 | *This is unbelievable. I - I have never been so insulted in my life. Now, if you'll wrap up my free c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnancy\|pregnancy]] | /'preɡnәnsi/ | n. 怀孕；丰富, 多产；意义深长 | n. the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Oh, I wish I didn't have to wait to take a pregnancy test.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 1 | 118 | 49 | *Hey, you better hope that we're pregnant, because one way or another, we're giving a baby back to Ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 1 | 53 | 31 | *Don't touch my coat!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] | /rʌf/ | n. 粗糙的东西, 毛坯, 未加工品, 梗概, 草图, 暴徒, 艰难 | n. the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut sh | 1 | 17 | 15 | *I just had a rough night.* |
| eww |  | abbr. 墨西哥指数基金 |  | 1 | 23 | 17 | *Eww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *But is it technically a date if the other person doesn't show up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *Oh, so they owe me like, three Phoebes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Oh. Huh. You know, it is weird that Phoebe would set me up on a date that was awful on the same nigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genius\|genius]] | /'dʒi:njәs/ | n. 天才, 天赋, 精神, 神魔 | n. someone who has exceptional intellectual ability and originality | 1 | 14 | 13 | *We're geniuses! Yeah, look at them, look at them, they're really bonding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bond\|bond]] | /bɒnd/ | n. 捆绑物, 结合, 债券, 契约, 粘合剂, 保证人, 键, 关栈保留 | n. a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing or discounted) that is issued | 1 | 25 | 19 | *We're geniuses! Yeah, look at them, look at them, they're really bonding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *I know, I'm so bummed. Can we have our free crab cakes now?* |

### 低频词（49）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crab\|crab]] | /kræb/ | n. 螃蟹, 偏航, 脾气乖戾的人, 沙果 | n. decapod having eyes on short stalks and a broad flattened carapace with a sma | 7 | 10 | 3 | *Look; you got stood up, who cares? We're gonna show you a good time. Just sit and relax. In fact, le* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulate]] | /'әuvjuleit/ | vi. 排卵, 产卵 | v. produce and discharge eggs | 5 | 14 | 4 | *Okay, just so you know, I'm gonna be ovulating from tomorrow until the sixth, so don't touch yoursel* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strain\|strain]] | /strein/ | n. 紧张, 拉紧, 张力, 过劳, 扭伤, 血缘, 种, 族, 气质, 曲调, 旋律, 口吻 | n. (physics) deformation of a physical body under the action of applied forces | 3 | 5 | 3 | *What you got? Joey : Okay, let's see, we got strained peas, strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#canoodle\|canoodle]] | /kә'nu:dl/ | vi. 搂颈亲热, 爱抚 | v. fondle or pet affectionately | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Well, she's aware when we leave the room. She may notice if we start... canoodling in it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puzzle\|puzzle]] | /'pʌzl/ | n. 难题, 迷惑 | n. a particularly baffling problem that is said to have a correct solution | 2 | 9 | 7 | *Yeah, yeah, she's really into history and foreign movies... And oh, oh, she loves puzzles. Huh? Come* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deer\|deer]] | /diә/ | n. 鹿 | n. distinguished from Bovidae by the male's having solid deciduous antlers | 2 | 6 | 3 | *You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you wouldn't have sex with me because* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roomie\|roomie]] | /'ru:mi/ | n. 住在同室的人 | n an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Morning, roomie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pump\|pump]] | /pʌmp/ | n. 抽水机, 打气筒, 泵, 抽吸 | n. a mechanical device that moves fluid or gas by pressure or suction | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything, all my feeling* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pea\|pea]] | /pi:/ | n. 豌豆, 似豌豆的东西 | n. seed of a pea plant used for food | 1 | 6 | 5 | *What you got? Joey : Okay, let's see, we got strained peas, strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carrot\|carrot]] | /'kærәt/ | n. 胡萝卜 | n. deep orange edible root of the cultivated carrot plant | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What you got? Joey : Okay, let's see, we got strained peas, strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plum\|plum]] | /plʌm/ | n. 李子 | n. any of several trees producing edible oval fruit having a smooth skin and a s | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What you got? Joey : Okay, let's see, we got strained peas, strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodie\|goodie]] | /'ɡudi/ | n. 身份低微之老妇；正面人物；好人 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Goodie! Thanks. So, how is it living with Rachel again? I mean, apart from the great food.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slim\|slim]] | /slim/ | a. 瘦的, 苗条的, 微小的, 稀少的, 微薄的 | v take off weight | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck! But we should probably keep it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] | /'pikiŋ/ | n. 掘, 选择, 挑选, 采摘, 撬开, [U]采得物, 捡得物, 赃物, 扒窃物 | n. the quantity of a crop that is harvested | 1 | 5 | 2 | *Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck! But we should probably keep it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yuck\|yuck]] | /jʌk/ | int. [美俚]啐（表示反感等, 等于yuk） | v. i. To itch. | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck! But we should probably keep it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]] | /hip/ | n. 臀部, 蔷薇果, 忧郁 | n. either side of the body below the waist and above the thigh | 1 | 12 | 9 | *See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obituary\|obituary]] | /ә'bitjuәri/ | a. 关于死亡的, 讣告的 | n. a notice of someone's death; usually includes a short biography | 1 | 1 | 1 | *See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embrace\|embrace]] | /im'breis/ | n. 拥抱 | n. the act of clasping another person in the arms (as in greeting or affection) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#womanhood\|womanhood]] | /'wjmәnhjd/ | n. 女子成年身分, 女子成年期, 女子成年资格, 女子气质, 女子特性 | n. the state of being an adult woman | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, y* |
| oprah |  | n. 奥普拉（美国电视节目主持人） |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You want a job? Turn off "Oprah," and send out a resume!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poop\|poop]] | /pu:p/ | n. 艉楼, 船尾, 消息, 啪啪声 | n obscene terms for feces | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloody\|bloody]] | /'blʌdi/ | a. 血腥的, 嗜杀的, 有血的 | v. cover with blood | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#murder\|murder]] | /'mә:dә/ | n. 谋杀 | n. unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#questionable\|questionable]] | /'kwestʃәnәbl/ | a. 可疑的 | a. subject to question | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh my god. Today's the sixth?! I may be done ovulating! I may have also served some very questionabl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crib\|crib]] | /krib/ | n. 婴儿小床, 食槽, 蓄栏 | n. baby bed with high sides made of slats | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Tough crib.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#height\|height]] | /hait/ | n. 高度, 海拔, 高地, 顶点 | n. the vertical dimension of extension; distance from the base of something to t | 1 | 11 | 6 | *Excuse me, is there a woman waiting at the bar? Someone average height, dark hair, perhaps doing a p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eighteen\|eighteen]] | /'ei'ti:n/ | num. 十八, 十八个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of seventeen and one | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Come on. I know you're not eighteen anymore, but give it a minute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hump\|hump]] | /hʌmp/ | n. 驼背, 圆形隆起物, 鸵峰 | n something that bulges out or is protuberant or projects from its surroundings | 1 | 12 | 7 | *Well, I can't say "hump" or "screw" in front of the B-A-B-Y.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrify\|horrify]] | /'hɒrifai/ | vt. 使恐惧, 使震惊 | v fill with apprehension or alarm; cause to be unpleasantly surprised | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Horrifying? Scarring? Something people go to jail for?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jail\|jail]] | /dʒeil/ | n. 监牢, 监狱, 拘留所 | n. a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custo | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Horrifying? Scarring? Something people go to jail for?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laughter\|laughter]] | /'lɑ:ftә/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the activity of laughing; the manifestation of joy or mirth or scorn | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well, come on, Steve; let's not rule out nervous laughter. Hey, now wait a minute. Phoebe told me th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impressive\|impressive]] | /im'presiv/ | a. 给人深刻印象的, 威严的 | a. making a strong or vivid impression | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Well, come on, Steve; let's not rule out nervous laughter. Hey, now wait a minute. Phoebe told me th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fulfil\|fulfil]] | /ful'fil/ | vt. 实践, 履行, 实行, 完成, 结束, 满足 | v put in effect | 1 | 5 | 4 | *It's really fulfilling doing something you hate for no money. That's right. I have no money, I'm not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#infertile\|infertile]] | /in'fә:tail/ | a. 不肥沃的, 不毛的, 不结果实的 | a incapable of reproducing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's really fulfilling doing something you hate for no money. That's right. I have no money, I'm not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] | /hʌnt/ | n. 狩猎, 追捕, 搜寻, 猎区 | n. Englishman and Pre-Raphaelite painter (1827-1910) | 1 | 12 | 7 | *Phoebe, it's me. I'm going to hunt you down and kill you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]] | /kri:p/ | n. 爬, 徐行, 蠕动 | n. someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric | 1 | 11 | 9 | *This is the worst date ever. How could you set me up with this creep?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sunny\|sunny]] | /'sʌni/ | a. 阳光充足的, 乐观的, 快乐的, 像太阳的 | s bright and pleasant; promoting a feeling of cheer | 1 | 2 | 2 | *By the time anyone's figured out what we've done, we'll be in sunny Mexico.  Oh, wait, that's the en* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#babysitter\|babysitter]] |  | n. 临时照顾幼儿者 | n. a person engaged to care for children when the parents are not home | 1 | 4 | 4 | *How are ya? How are ya? Where are your babysitters, huh? Why's the bedroom door closed?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appetizer\|appetizer]] | /'æpitaizә/ | n. 开胃食品, 吊胃口的东西 | n. food or drink to stimulate the appetite (usually served before a meal or as t | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Look; you got stood up, who cares? We're gonna show you a good time. Just sit and relax. In fact, le* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misery\|misery]] | /'mizәri/ | n. 痛苦, 悲惨, 不幸, 穷困 | n. a state of ill-being due to affliction or misfortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *What? You - you're making money off my misery?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insult\|insult]] | /'insʌlt/ | n. 侮辱, 无礼, 损害 | n. a deliberately offensive act or something producing the effect of deliberate  | 1 | 8 | 8 | *This is unbelievable. I - I have never been so insulted in my life. Now, if you'll wrap up my free c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admire\|admire]] | /әd'maiә/ | vt. 赞美, 钦佩, 爱慕 | v. feel admiration for | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No, no, no, I admire a man who can cry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dramatic\|dramatic]] | /drә'mætik/ | a. 戏剧性的, 生动的 | a. suitable to or characteristic of drama | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh, we were playing "peek-a-boo." She just  she loves it when I'm dramatic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lazy\|lazy]] | /'leizi/ | a. 懒惰的, 怠惰的, 缓慢的 | s. moving slowly and gently | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Don't you lie to me! I could tell by Chandler's hair.  You are so lazy. Can't you get on top for onc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unacceptable\|unacceptable]] | /.ʌnәk'septәbl/ | a. 无法接受的, 不受欢迎的 | s. not adequate to give satisfaction | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey! It is unacceptable that you two would have sex with Emma in the next room. I'm gonna have to te* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#firstborn\|firstborn]] | /'fә:st'bɒ:n/ | a. 第一胎生的 | n. the offspring who came first in the order of birth | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Unless you name your firstborn child Joey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inspector\|inspector]] | /in'spektә/ | n. 检查员, 巡视员 | n. a high ranking police officer | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Female body inspector? What size is that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disaster]] | /di'zɑ:stә/ | n. 灾祸, 不幸, 彻底失败 | n. an act that has disastrous consequences | 1 | 6 | 6 | *The first date we've had in months, and they were both such disasters.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intentional\|intentional]] | /in'tenʃәnәl/ | a. 故意的, 与目的有关的 | s. characterized by conscious design or purpose | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wait a minute; you don't think it was intentional? I mean, that's just stupid.* |
