---
season: 9
episode: "06"
title: "Untitled Document"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E06 — Untitled Document

906 - The One With The Male Nanny (200th episode)

*Written by: Marta Kauffman & David Crane Russian to Roman alphabet: Gabriela Horber Dedicated to the great work of Eric Aasen, Guineapig and many, many more*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's hotel room in Tulsa. He's fast asleep when the telephone rings.

**Chandler:** *(picking up the telephone, answering it with a frog in his throat)* Hello? *(he clears his throat, but he still has the same frog in his throat when he speaks again)* Hello?

**Monica:** *(in her apartment, screaming)* I LOVE MY NEW JOB!

**Chandler:** Honey, you're [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screaming]].

**Monica:** YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM! I just had the best first day ever! The kitchen: [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] as big as Allessandro's.

**Chandler:** *(yawning)* Oh, that's great.

**Monica:** Yeah, a-a-and clean. Not just health department clean... Monica clean.

**Chandler:** *(clearly not so interested)* Awesome.

**Monica:** Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy, Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you will love him. He is without a [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]], the [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] guy I have ever met. *(Chandler, who was almost asleep again, sits up straight in bed in an instant and can't believe what he just heard.)*


---

**OPENING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike are on the couch, holding hands, while Phoebe puts milk in her coffee.

**Mike:** This is nice.

**Phoebe:** I know! *(Phoebe picks up a little packet of sugar, shakes it, and then realises she can't open it with one hand, but doesn't want to let go of Mike's hand. She tries to tear open the packet with one hand.)*

**Mike:** You need both hands for that?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I kinda do. *(Mike lets go of her hand)* Well, how's this? *(she takes Mike's hand and puts it on her breast, she tears open the sugar and puts it in her coffee. Mike thinks it over and nods appreciative. After that, they hold hands again. Joey now enters, and sees the two sitting on the couch, holding hands.)*

**Joey:** *(in a very aaaaahhhhh sweeeeeet voice)* Aaahhh, look at you two... holding hands... huh is this getting serious? *(Phoebe and Mike, embarrassed, start babbling and look away.)* Have you not talked about it yet?

*(They say nothing now, but smile) Am I making you uncomfortable? (smiles are becoming forced now, and he speaks to Mike) If you were bigger you'd hit me, huh...? Aaaaaahhhhhh (he turns away to the bar)*

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry... I'm sorry. It's obviously way too early for us to be... having that [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]].

**Mike:** Is it?

**Phoebe:** *(in a flash she answers)* Maybe not, is it?

**Mike:** Okay, when I got divorced, I didn't think I'd feel this way about someone for a really long time... Then again, I didn't think I'd meet someone like you... and... this may be crazy soon, but... I want you to have this... *(He tries to get something from his pocket, but it's not that easy... Phoebe looks in a "what's happening" face to him. He finally has found something)* No, not... that's [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]]. *(He digs in a little more.)* Ooh, five [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]... I love it when that happens, you know... Think no note's there...

**Phoebe:** *(impatient)* I know Mike, why don't you keep [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|digging]]?

**Mike:** Oh, sorry. *(He digs in again and finally finds what he's been looking for. A key.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, it's a key. To be [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]], I think I'd [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] the five dollars.

**Mike:** It's to my apartment.

**Phoebe:** *(really surprised)* Oh wow, ooh! Ooh, big step for Phoebe and Mike.

**Mike:** Yeah, look, and I don't want you to feel like you have to give me your key just because...

**Phoebe:** Oh no, I want to.

**Mike:** Oh, thank God. *(he laughs nervously, and Phoebe gets her keychain from her bag.)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah... ooh... wow... Even started to think I'd never meet someone that, you know, I wanted to... do this with. Here you go. *(Both Phoebe and Mike look really proud.)*

**Mike:** Is this cool, huh?

**Phoebe:** It really is.

**Joey:** *(sitting at his table)* Oh, I know it... It is amazing these little things open doors... huh! *(mimes opening a door with his own keys, Phoebe looks at him in a "yeah, yeah, yeah" way.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Both of them sitting on the couch, interviewing a nanny candidate.

**Rachel:** So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]] to start right away, so that Emma could get a chance to know her. Prospective nanny: *(in a sweet, caring voice)* I think that's really smart. The [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] we can make the [[Friends-词汇总表#transition\|transition]] for her, the better. *(Ross and Rachel seem pleased with the answer.)*

**Rachel:** That's great, great. So do you have any questions for us? Prospective [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]: Not really.

**Rachel:** Allright. Well thank you so much for coming... *(they're standing up and make their way to the door)*

**Ross:** Thank you.

**Rachel:** Really nice to meet you... and we'll call you. Prospective [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]: Oh, you know, wait. I do have one question. *(she starts playing with her hair)* Do you guys do random drug testing?

**Ross:** Boy, we uhm... hadn't really thought of that. Prospective [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]: That's cool. But... but if you do, I'm gonna need three days notice.

**Rachel:** Okidoki! *(and she slams the door in the nanny's face while Ross crumples up the application form)* Wow! We're never gonna find a [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]].

**Ross:** Oh, come on Rach, we will. I promise. We have more interviews

*(They sit down and Rachel sighs) And worse comes to worse, we can always reconsider the uhm... the first one we met with.*

**Rachel:** *(indignant)* What, the [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] with no [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]]?

**Ross:** She was [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]]? *(he looks surprised for a while, but then gets a "gotcha" expression on his face... There's knocking at the door.)* Just a sec.! Okay, okay. This one's name is Sandy. She's got a degree in early [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]] education, uhm... she worked for her last family for three years.

**Rachel:** Okay... *(Ross opens the door.)*

**Sandy:** *(a guy)* Hi... I'm Sandy.

**Ross:** And she's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#mannish\|mannish]]...


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment. There's a knock on the door, and Phoebe opens it.

**Phoebe:** *(gasps)* Oh my God! David!

**David:** Hi! I-i-is this a bad time?

**Phoebe:** *(excited)* No! It's a great time, come in...! WOW, hi... Oh my [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]]! What are you doing here? Are you back from Minsk?

**David:** Well, just for a couple of days, uhm... I'm here to [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] to the people who gave us our grant, why it's a positive thing that we spent all their money and uhm... [[Friends-词汇总表#accomplish\|accomplished]] uhm... nothing.

**Phoebe:** Who cares, it got you here.

**David:** Well, it got me to New York anyway, and then I got on a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] at the airport, and the guy said where to? and I just... gave him your address I... I... I didn't even think about it.

**Phoebe:** Wow. Where is your [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]]? *(David thinks for a while)*

**David:** Damn it!

**Phoebe:** A-Allright, well... I'll call the [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] company.

**David:** Wa... wa... wait! We can... call them later. Can you just... just stand there f-f-for a moment? Boy! There's an old Russian [[Friends-词汇总表#expression\|expression]], uhm... it goes: Schto ya ztez vigul... ui! Roughly [[Friends-词汇总表#translate\|translated]] that means uhm... This thing that I'm looking at: wow!

**Phoebe:** Thank you! God, no! You should see me when... Oh actually, no, I look pretty good.

**David:** Are... are you kidding? You know, when you don't see someone for a long time, a-a-and you kind of build them up in your head and you start thinking about: Come on, don't be crazy. Nobody is that beautiful, but... well, you are. *(Phoebe seems very charmed)* Well, so, uhm... are you seeing... anyone? *(Phoebe is still up on a cloud from what David just said)*

**Phoebe:** No...


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica sits on the couch and Phoebe is pacing up and down the room.

**Phoebe:** I'm... I'm just... I'm the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] person ever. How can I not tell David that I'm seeing Mike?

**Monica:** Maybe he didn't give you a chance.

**Phoebe:** He said: Are you seeing someone? And I said no...

**Monica:** Oh, well... That had been your window.

**Phoebe:** Yeah! I mean, I don't know. I was just , I was looking, I was looking in his eyes and I was just thinking: Oh my God! It's David. David's here. He's just, he's so [[Friends-词汇总表#irresistible\|irresistible]].

**Monica:** Really? The [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]] guy?

**Phoebe:** Really? Chandler?

**Monica:** Continue...

**Phoebe:** Oh.Okay, then it gets worse, 'cause then I told him that I would see him tomorrow night.

**Monica:** Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** I know! *(points at herself)* Evil! And... and... and... I like Mike so much, you know. It's just going really well. Oh my God!

**Monica:** Wow, isn't it [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]] that David would show up on the same day that you and Mike exchange keys?

**Phoebe:** *(sarcastically)* Uhuh... Yeah...!, you know. And given my life long search for [[Friends-词汇总表#irony\|irony]], you can [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] how happy I am.

**Monica:** What are you gonna do?

**Phoebe:** I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... You know, [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]] [[Friends-词汇总表#moral\|moral]] situation, no right, no wrong...

**Monica:** You have to tell David!

**Phoebe:** Okay, I knew I should have had this [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] with Joey.


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway between the two apartments. Chandler comes home.

**Chandler:** *(angry)* Funniest guy she's ever met! *(to the door)* I'm funny, right...? What do you know, you're a door... You just like [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]]-knock jokes... *(laughs about himself, but then gets determined again)* Save it for inside! *(he enters)*

**Monica:** Heeeeeey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Chandler:** So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] be in any other state. *(Monica looks at Phoebe, who also doesn't know what to say.)* And what's with Oklahoma having a [[Friends-词汇总表#pan\|pan]] handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from the [[Friends-词汇总表#waistband\|waistband]], Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the [[Friends-词汇总表#crotch\|crotch]].

**Monica:** *(Doesn't believe what she's hearing)* Was your [[Friends-词汇总表#cabin\|cabin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pressurise\|pressurised]]?

**Chandler:** *(laughs, but then moves to Phoebe)* And don't get me started on the way that people from Tulsa talk.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(and she walks away)*

**Chandler:** What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushed]] together... Are we all allowed to do that, because if so, I say why stop there? You know, your new [[Friends-词汇总表#poodle\|poodle]] could be your [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]]. And [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fried]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]]? Could be fricken.Waiter, [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] excuse me, I'll have the fricken? *(Monica laughs)* See, that's... that's funny with the fricken, right?

**Monica:** No, it just [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] me of something this guy did today at work. I told you about that funny guy, Geoffrey, right?

**Chandler:** Yeah, he came up...

**Monica:** Well, he did this [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|locked]] in our [[Friends-词汇总表#freezer\|freezer]], eating a [[Friends-词汇总表#raw\|raw]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]]. *(Phoebe bursts out in a laugh)*

**Chandler:** *(to Phoebe)* Were you there?

**Phoebe:** No, but it sounds like it was fricken funny...


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. They're interviewing Sandy.

**Sandy:** I really do understand how hard it's gotta be to leave your child with another person. I mean, it's leaving behind a piece of your heart... *(Ross has got that bored/angry/skeptic look and Rachel is very emotional)*

**Rachel:** Sandy, that's exactly what it is...

**Ross:** Are you gay? *(Rachel turns to Ross in an embarrassed way)*

**Rachel:** Ross!

**Sandy:** It's okay. I get that a lot doing what I do. But I am straight. I-I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]] actually.

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Sandy:** Her name is Deliah.

**Rachel:** Oh, that's pretty.

**Ross:** *(skeptic)* So you're just like a... guy who's a [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]?

**Sandy:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] how it's... a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unorthodox\|unorthodox]] for some people, but I really believe, the most [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfying]] thing you can do with your life, is take care of a child.

**Ross:** *(on a yeah, right tone)* Okay.

**Sandy:** Like in my last job, I met Daniel when he was three weeks old. And I got to watch him grow into this [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] person... When I left, I said: I'll see you soon... And he said to me: Skdandy... *(Ross and Rachel look puzzled)* That was his name for me... I'll see you every day... right in... *(points at his heart, but starts to cry before he can finish his sentence. Rachel tries to comfort him, but Ross has this "you've got to be kidding me" look all over him)*

**Ross:** Yeah, kids say all kinds of [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]. *(In the other room Emma starts to cry.)*

**Rachel:** Oh God, she mu... she must need her [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] changed.

**Sandy:** Oh, oh, I can do it for her, if you want...

**Rachel:** Oh, that would be great! *(Sandy leaves for Emma's room)* I love him, I love him, I love him...

**Ross:** Oh, come on, Rach, he's a guy!

**Rachel:** So wh..? He's smart, he's [[Friends-词汇总表#qualify\|qualified]]. Give me one good reason we shouldn't try him out.

**Ross:** Because, it's weird!

**Rachel:** Why?

**Ross:** What kind of job is that for a man? A [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]? I-It's like if a woman wanted to be...

**Rachel:** *(she's got that "yeah, try to say it" look on her face)* Yes?

**Ross:** King?

**Sandy:** I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]] on Emma. It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#mixture\|mixture]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#calendula\|calendula]] and honey [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]]. It'll [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] that [[Friends-词汇总表#rash\|rash]] right up. Plus... It keeps the hands young... *(it makes Rachel smile)*

**Rachel:** *(whispering and begging)* Please? *(Ross makes a "whatever" gesture)* YES! Sandy you're hired.

**Sandy:** That's great! *(He gets emotional again and waves his hand in front of his face in a feminine way, like trying to dry his tears)* I'm sorry. It's just... such an [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] thing when you're welcomed into a new family...

**Rachel:** Oooh... ***I really can't hear what she says*** come here.

**Ross:** You gotta be at least bi...


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey is reading a 'Busty Ladies' magazine when Chandler enters.

**Chandler:** Hey! *(Joey doesn't look up, but gestures 'wait a minute' with his finger while he finishes reading the article. Chandler waits for Joey to finish.)* I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks.

**Joey:** Ooh. I-I don't know Chan. I'm not so good with remembering lines.

**Chandler:** *(Can't believe what he hears)* Well, thank God your [[Friends-词汇总表#livelihood\|livelihood]] doesn't [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depend]] on it.

**Joey:** I know, right? *(Chandler has really big eyes, and nods)* Wh... Wh... Why are we doing this?

**Chandler:** Monica says that her Maitre D. is the [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] guy she's ever met.

**Joey:** Seriously? She actually said that?

**Chandler:** Yes! Am I crazy to be this upset?

**Joey:** Nooooo! Being funny is your thing!

**Chandler:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Without that, you just got "[[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] with women".

**Chandler:** Ye.... *(stops because he realises what Joey just said, and stares at him. At this moment Monica enters)*

**Monica:** Hi! There you are.

**Joey:** *(sees Monica)* Fire trucks! *(Chandlers eyes double in size and he turns to Monica who doesn't understand what's happening. Then he turns back to Joey, who says "you're welcome" without a sound)*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment. Phoebe just let David in who brought a bottle of wine.

**David:** Wow, you look even... more beautiful than you did yesterday.

**Phoebe:** Oof...

**David:** In fact, ehm... I going to kiss you now. *(David holds Phoebe and wants to kiss her.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, wait, wait!

**David:** Yeah, I-I don't, I can't get away with stuff like that. I-I-It sounded sexy in my head, so I...

**Phoebe:** No, no, it's not that. *(they go sit on the couch)* Uhm... Remember when you asked me if I was seeing someone and I said no? Well, uhm... I am. His ... his name is Mike.

**David:** Oh... oh...

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I should have told you.

**David:** No... well, yeah.

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

**David:** Well, i-it's okay. I-I-I understand... Well, s... well, are you happy with this guy?

**Phoebe:** I am happy.

**David:** Damn it! I-I'm sorry. I-I don't mean that. I-I want you to be happy... But only with me. No, uhm... that's not fair. Uh, who cares, leave him!. Oh, I don't mean that. Yes I do... I'm sorry Uhm, I... I think I should probably uhm... go...

**Phoebe:** Well... but David, just... I just want you to know that... that... you know... telling you this... is one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#hardest\|hardest]] things I've ever had to do.

**David:** Well... just so you know... hearing it wasn't exactly a Vladnik [[Friends-词汇总表#carnival\|carnival]] either... Can we at least [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]]?

**Phoebe:** Of course, yeah.*(they hug and Phoebe sighs... a little after that also David sighs and makes his way to the door)* You know, a kiss on the [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] wouldn't be totally [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]]...

**David:** No... no...

**Phoebe:** I mean... *(David kisses Phoebe on the cheek, makes his way to the door and turns around again)*

**David:** In Minsk...

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**David:** ...it's uhm... i-it's two on each [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] and uhm... and one on the [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]].

**Phoebe:** Well, if that's what they do in Minsk... *(They kiss 2 on each cheek... and then they pause... David turns to the door)* In New York... it's... *(and then David grabs her by her neck and kisses her full on the lips... They kiss passionately and cannot seem to stop.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Rachel and Sandy sit on the couch. Sandy holds Emma. Ross enters the apartment. Sandy and Rachel wipe their tears away with handkerchiefs

**Rachel:** *(in a tearful voice)* Oh... Oh boy... *(she turns around and sees Ross)* Hi...

**Ross:** *(very worried)* Is everything [[Friends-词汇总表#allright\|allright]]?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, it's fine, it's fine. Sandy was just... was just telling me about how he [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] to his fiancée and it was just sooo beautiful.

**Sandy:** Well, her [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] flower is the [[Friends-词汇总表#camellia\|camellia]]. From the [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]]...

**Rachel:** I can't... I can't hear it again.

**Sandy:** You know, I can't tell it again... *(wipes his tears again)*

**Ross:** And I'm fine never having heard it... *(Rachel looks at Ross in a "why do you say that" manner)* Rach, can I... can I see you for a sec?

**Rachel:** Yeah! *(to Sandy)* Excuse me... *(She walks to the kitchen with Ross and sighs)*

**Ross:** Do you [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] that man has cried in our apartment three times...? Huh? I haven't cried that many times since I moved in.

**Rachel:** Look, Ross, he's just... Sandy is just [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]], that's all.

**Ross:** *(picks up a cookie)* Okay, okay, see... that... that is the problem. He is too [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]]. *(takes a bite from the cookie)*

**Rachel:** What...? Too [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] to take care of our baby?

**Ross:** *(speaking with his mouth full)* Yeah, I mean, all things that guy... *(looks at the cookie)* These are amazing!

**Rachel:** Sandy made Madeleines.

**Ross:** This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... [[Friends-词汇总表#delicate\|delicate]] French [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]], huh? They're not even... [[Friends-词汇总表#butch\|butch]], [[Friends-词汇总表#manly\|manly]] cookies with... with... you know with... with [[Friends-词汇总表#chunk\|chunks]]. *(takes a careful bite from the cookie)*

**Rachel:** Well, I... you know, I-I-I don't know what to say... I mean, I never thought of you as a guy who needed his men to be men. You know, 'cause I gotta tell you Ross, it not like you just came in from branding [[Friends-词汇总表#cattle\|cattle]].

**Ross:** Hey... there's [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]]... and there is too sensitive.

**Rachel:** Okay, what? What is too [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]]? *(There's music coming from the living room. Ross opens the door to the living room and he and Rachel see Sandy play a song for Emma on his recorder. Rachel is moved by this, but Ross only sees his point proven again, and walks back into the kitchen, angrily. The door he was holding, swings back and hits Rachel.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment. She and David are still kissing each other in the living room.

**Phoebe:** Hmmm... No, no... No, I can't do this. It's bad.

**David:** But... I-I-It's nice... A-a-and... nice is good. A-a-and good is not bad, [[Friends-词汇总表#ergo\|ergo]], w-w-we should keep kissing.

**Phoebe:** No, no. No.

**David:** But... [[Friends-词汇总表#ergo\|ergo]]...

**Phoebe:** Look David, if... if you had never left, then... yeah, we'd probably still be together right now, but... you did leave, and I-I'm with Mike and I really care about him...

**David:** Uhm... uhm... Goodbye... Uh... Schto ya ztez vigul... ui... *(David holds his hands gently on the back of Phoebe's neck. There's a sound of a a bunch of keys rattling, and the door opens... It's Mike)*

**Mike:** Well... hey, the key works...! *(he looks as if he doesn't want to believe what's happening)*

**Phoebe:** *(points to David)* And you thanks for the face [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]]. Thank you.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica is in the kitchen and Ross enters.

**Ross:** Did Rachel tell you we hired a male [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]?

**Monica:** Yeah! I think that's great!

**Ross:** Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the [[Friends-词汇总表#recorder\|recorder]], [[Friends-词汇总表#recite\|recites]] [[Friends-词汇总表#poetry\|poetry]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bakes]] Madeleines?

**Monica:** Oh... How are they?

**Ross:** *(looks like in heaven)* Lighter than air... *(changes back to serious)* But that's not the point. *(Joey now also enters)*

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey...! Rachel and I hired a male [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]].

**Joey:** *(looks surprised)* Really...? Guys do that...? That's... weird...

**Ross:** Thank you!

**Joey:** That's like a woman wanting to be a...

**Ross:** ...a what? A what? What's the end of that [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]]?

**Monica:** Yes... What is the end of that [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]]?

**Joey:** Uhm... A [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] model. *(Monica can't believe what's she's hearing and Ross pats Joey on the back.)* Anyway, hey... Did you tell Chandler that some guy from work is the [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] guy you've ever met?

**Monica:** Yeah, so?

**Ross:** Wow!

**Joey:** Really? Do you not know Chandler?

**Monica:** Is that why he's acting so weird...? He's [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]...? Oh my God, that is crazy. It's not like I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attracted]] to Geoffrey...

**Joey:** So what? Being funny is Chandler's thing... You know, like Ross's thing is... *(he can't come up with anything)*

**Ross:** Science...? Academia...? Being a good father...?

**Joey:** ...No... *(he just can't seem to grasp it)*

**Monica:** I can't believe he's that upset about this...

**Joey:** Monica, you have to do some damage control here, okay. 'Cause he's [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] like... *(the door opens and Chandler walks in with a pizza)*

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Heeeyy! Hey!

**Chandler:** What are you guys talking about?

**Ross:** Uhm... Rachel and I hired a male [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]. *(Joey makes a gesture and sound like "Can you believe that?")*

**Chandler:** You got a man who's a [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]...? You got a manny...?

*(Monica starts laughing, but very exaggerated. Joey realises they also should laugh and punches Ross. Now all three of them laugh, but very fake. Chandler seems happy again.)*

**Chandler:** You know, I don't mind a... male [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]], but I do [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] the line at a male [[Friends-词汇总表#wetnurse\|wetnurse]]. *(again they laugh, even more fake than before)*

**Monica:** Ohhh, ooohhh... you are on a [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]], [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]]!

**Chandler:** If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]]. *(they all burst out in a thundering laugh)*

**Monica:** Okay, okay... Chandler you... you stop it! *(Monica wipes away tears)*

**Chandler:** What is so funny about that? *(they realise it wasn't a joke)*

**Monica:** Well, I don't know... I-It's... just the way you say it... I mean, you're funny... You have that funny thing. You're a funny guy!

*(Chandler turns to Joey)*

**Chandler:** Did you tell her what we talked about? *(Joey starts laughing hysterically, but then gets serious again...)*

**Joey:** Yeah....

**Chandler:** So those were [[Friends-词汇总表#pity\|pity]] laughs? PITY LAUGHS? *(Joey and Ross walk away from the kitchen)*

**Monica:** Honey, listen... You have nothing to worry about with Geoffrey.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah? Is he [[Friends-词汇总表#funnier\|funnier]] than me?

**Monica:** Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean, you're... you're more [[Friends-词汇总表#sarcastic\|sarcastic]] a-a-and... well, he does... bits... and [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impressions]]... and... and [[Friends-词汇总表#limerick\|limericks]]...

**Chandler:** I do [[Friends-词汇总表#limerick\|limericks]]... uhm... There once was a man named Chandler, whose wife made him die inside.

**Monica:** Honey, you know I think you're [[Friends-词汇总表#hilarious\|hilarious]]! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one about Jerry Lewis and the girl with the [[Friends-词汇总表#lazy\|lazy]] eye...? *(he laughs)* That [[Friends-词汇总表#slay\|slayed]] me.

**Ross:** Hey... I made up that joke and told it to you! *(He points at Chandler. Joey gestures to Ross "What are you doing?)*

**Joey:** Not knowing when to [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] up...

**Ross:** Yep! That's my thing...


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment. David is still there. Mike closes the door.

**Mike:** So... how many guys have your key?

**Phoebe:** No, no, no, no, no... It's not... it's not... i'ts not as bad as it looks... really. I was just saying [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] to an old friend.

**Mike:** Your lipstick's on his [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]].

**David:** Oh, uh... we just uh... happen to wear the same [[Friends-词汇总表#shade\|shade]].

**Phoebe:** No, uhm... David and I did use to go out... but years ago, and he lives in Minsk. He's only... he's only in town for a couple of days.

**Mike:** Did you uhm...

**Phoebe:** No, no...

**Mike:** ...kiss him?

**Phoebe:** Oh, well, yeah...

**David:** Yes, but uhm... You should know... she really likes you. I-In fact I-I-I don't think you [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] j-just how lucky you are [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]].

*(he points at Mike)*

**Mike:** Don't point your [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] at me.

**David:** Why? Wh-What are you going to do about it?

**Mike:** Well... I'll... just show you what I'm gonna do about it... *(he hits David's finger with his finger and they start to finger-fight using their fingers as swords saying all kinds of macho crap)*

**Phoebe:** Stop it! Stop it, before someone gets really hurt!

*(they stop and Phoebe gets David's jacket and gives it to him) Here David, you should just go.*

**David:** Allright... But... if I ever do come back from Minsk... *(points at Mike)* well, you just better watch out.

**Mike:** Well, if I ever [[Friends-词汇总表#goto\|goto]] Minsk, you'd better watch out.

**David:** Oh, you're going to Minsk?

**Mike:** Well, I might.

**David:** Really? Well, if you do, come in the spring. It's just [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] there.

**Phoebe:** Okay, well... guys?

**David:** Right... Goodbye Phoebe. *(Makes a move to kiss her.)*

**Mike:** Hey, what are you kidding me?

**David:** Right-o, right-o... *(to Mike)* Take good care of her.

*(and he leaves)*

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. If you... If you want your key back, I totally understand.

**Mike:** It's never gonna happen again right?

**Phoebe:** Right! Never! Never! I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]]! *(They kiss... The door opens and David comes in again.)*

**David:** I-I... Oh I...I just wanna say uhm... if you do ever come to Minsk, that's my number *(gives Mike a business card)* We'll uhm... we'll party up Vladnik style. *(He leaves again)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross walks in the hallway to his apartment and stops in front of his own door. Now he hears two recorders playing a song. When he enters, Sandy and Joey are playing the recorder and Rachel listens.

**Joey:** Yeah! Allright! Hey, hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] me Hot-cross Buns.

**Ross:** Really? Sounded like Three Blind Mice.

**Joey:** Noooo... Three Blind Mice goes like this... *(he puts his fingers in position on the recorder)*

**Ross:** *(looks angrily at Joey and points at him)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] to God...! *(Joey is in shock)*

**Sandy:** Who's up for [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppets]]?

**Joey:** Me! I'm up for [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppets]]!

**Sandy:** Well, please welcome... The Snufflebumps... Who wants to be mr. Wigglemunch and who's gonna be the Grumpus?

**Ross:** Okay, okay... How exactly is a two month old supposed to [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppets]]?

**Sandy:** Actually studies have shown that the movement and [[Friends-词汇总表#colour\|colours]] help their [[Friends-词汇总表#cerebral\|cerebral]] development... The [[Friends-词汇总表#whimsical\|whimsical]] characters are just for us.

*(He winks to Joey and Rachel. Ross's face says he disapproves. Joey sees that and kind of angrily says...)*

**Joey:** I wanna be mr. Wigglemunch. *(and makes a "there" nod to Ross)*

**Ross:** *(shakes his head)* Oh my God!

**Sandy:** Well, I guess we know who's gonna be the Grumpus...

*(Ross goes to the kitchen)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's kitchen. Ross got a beer from the refrigerator and opens the bottle. Rachel now also enters the kitchen.

**Rachel:** That was kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]]!

**Ross:** Oh, I'm sorry. Please [[Friends-词汇总表#apologise\|apologise]] to Sandy and the Snufflebumps for me.

**Rachel:** You know, he was just doing his job...

**Ross:** Well, you know what... I-I'm sorry I'm the only one who isn't in love with Gary Poppins out there... But I just... I can't... I can't go through with this.

**Rachel:** Oh, come on Ross...

**Ross:** No! Hey, you know what? I'm sorry. I would never force you... to hire someone you were this [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] with...

**Rachel:** *(sighs)* Oh... That's true.

**Ross:** Thank you!

**Rachel:** Well, you're the one who wants to fire him, so you're gonna have to do it. *(Ross walks to the living room determined to fire Sandy)*


> [!scene] Scene: Living room. Joey and Sandy are talking with the Snufflebumps.

**Sandy:** *(In a puppet voice)* So you see Wigglemunch, that's why it's important to shaaaaaaare...

**Joey:** *(kind of emotional)* I am learning so much from you.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica and Joey are sitting at the dinner table. Chandler comes from the bedroom with his suitcase.

**Chandler:** Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com.

**Monica:** Honey, you can relax. Last night at work, Geoffrey told this really [[Friends-词汇总表#sexist\|sexist]] joke. After that, not so funny anymore.

**Chandler:** Really...? See... that's the thing: you gotta keep it smart, people!

**Monica:** Okay, don't miss that flight. You know I love you.

**Chandler:** I love you too. *(Monica and Chandler kiss. He turns to Joey.)* And... I like you as a friend. *(They hug and pat each other on the back.)*

**Joey:** Allright. See you later!

**Chandler:** See ya! *(he leaves the apartment)*

**Joey:** *(to Monica)* Did that guy really make that joke?

**Monica:** Naaaa... He still kills me. Last night he had me laughing so hard, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]]... a little [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] came out.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Sandy is knitting baby clothes. Ross and Rachel walk into the living room.

**Ross:** Here goes...

**Rachel:** I can't watch. It's like firing Elmo. *(Ross walks to the couch where Sandy sits)*

**Ross:** Sandy... Hi, we uhm... we kinda need to talk. I'm afraid it's not working out.

**Sandy:** *(surprised)* Oh...

**Ross:** Yeah, uhm... I mean, Rachel and I, think you are great... with Emma... uhm... We just feel...

**Rachel:** *(from behind the bedroom door)* YOU! You feel!

**Ross:** I... just feel that the... the [[Friends-词汇总表#chemistry\|chemistry]] isn't right. I'm sorry. We're... we're more than happy to give you good [[Friends-词汇总表#recommendation\|recommendation]]...

**Sandy:** Oh, no, no, no... That's okay. I got a lot of offers from other families. I just picked you guys because... I liked you the best.

**Rachel:** *(from bedroom)* Oh, damn you Geller!

**Ross:** Anyway, uhm...Well, I'm glad there's no hard [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]].

**Sandy:** No, none at all. You need to be happy with [[Friends-词汇总表#whoever\|whoever]] is in your home... Although if you don't mind telling me, what was your problem? Maybe it's something I can work on in the future.

**Ross:** No, you know, it's uhm... nothing you did, it's... it's uhm... my issue.

**Sandy:** What is it...? *(Ross hesitates)* Please...? *(he tilts his head)*

**Ross:** You know, I'm just not uhm... that [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] with a guy who's as [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] as you.

**Sandy:** That's fair... Although, can I ask... why do you think that is?

**Ross:** Why... I... I don't know. *(Sandy tilts his head again)* Uhm... errrr... maybe... maybe because of my father?

**Sandy:** hmmm... *(and shakes his head)*

**Ross:** I mean, uhm... you know when I was growing up he was kind of a [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] guy... You know a-a-and as a kid I wasn't the [[Friends-词汇总表#athlete\|athlete]] I am now.

**Rachel:** *(from the bedroom)* Huh ha ha!

**Ross:** I play [[Friends-词汇总表#squash\|squash]]...! Anyway, uhm... I uhm... I always get the [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] he thought I was too [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]].

**Sandy:** That must have been hard.

**Ross:** It was hard... I remember... I was in my [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]]... playing with my [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaurs]]... playing and learning... and my father walks in and says... he says... "What are you doing with those things? What's wrong with you, why aren't you... why aren't you outside playing like a... like a real boy?

**Sandy:** But you are a real boy!

**Ross:** I know I am! *(Ross now starts to cry)* ...And when it's summer, and it's hot, why can't you wear a [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] top?

**Sandy:** It's [[Friends-词汇总表#allright\|allright]]! Crying is good. It lets the [[Friends-词汇总表#boo\|boo]]-hoos out.

**Ross:** Here come some more...


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey and Sandy are sitting at the kitchen counter. Joey is holding mr. Wigglemunch, and Sandy holds the Grumpus.] Sandy/Grumpus: And what's the one kind of boat that can never, ever sink? Joey/Wigglemunch: What kind? Sandy/Grumpus: A friend-ship...

**Joey:** Wow! You blow my mind...

**Sandy:** Oh, I gotta go.

**Joey:** Aaahh... How much do I [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you?

**Sandy:** Twenty [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]].

**Joey:** It's like the [[Friends-词汇总表#cheapest\|cheapest]] college ever.


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（31）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 5 | 253 | 119 | *Okay, when I got divorced, I didn't think I'd feel this way about someone for a really long time... * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 5 | 134 | 69 | *Hey!  I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 4 | 217 | 128 | *Well, it got me to New York anyway, and then I got on a cab at the airport, and the guy said where t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 4 | 118 | 88 | *Sandy, that's exactly what it is...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 3 | 75 | 55 | *Damn it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... Y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 3 | 266 | 138 | *Because, it's weird!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 3 | 219 | 100 | *In fact, ehm... I going to kiss you now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *It's to my apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 2 | 162 | 106 | *Oh, I know it... It is amazing these little things open doors... huh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Are... are you kidding? You know, when you don't see someone for a long time, a-a-and you kind of bu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... Y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *Yes! Am I crazy to be this upset?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Of course, yeah. You know, a kiss on the cheek wouldn't be totally inappropriate...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 2 | 101 | 68 | *Do you realise that man has cried in our apartment three times...? Huh? I haven't cried that many ti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 2 | 87 | 69 | *So those were pity laughs? PITY LAUGHS?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Oh, uh... we just uh... happen to wear the same shade.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM! I just had the best first day ever! The kitchen: twice as big as Allessandro'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *I'm sorry... I'm sorry. It's obviously way too early for us to be... having that conversation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Okay, when I got divorced, I didn't think I'd feel this way about someone for a really long time... * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Oh, come on Rach, we will. I promise. We have more interviews* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Well, just for a couple of days, uhm... I'm here to explain to the people who gave us our grant, why* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Oh.Okay, then it gets worse, 'cause then I told him that I would see him tomorrow night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Like in my last job, I met Daniel when he was three weeks old. And I got to watch him grow into this* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously? She actually said that?* |
| ohhh |  | [网络] 噢；喔；哦哦 |  | 1 | 75 | 56 | *Ohhh, ooohhh... you are on a roll, mister!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Honey, listen... You have nothing to worry about with Geoffrey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Yes, but uhm... You should know... she really likes you. I-In fact I-I-I don't think you realise j-j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Stop it! Stop it, before someone gets really hurt!* |

### 常用词（71）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 36 | 165 | 26 | *Boy, we uhm... hadn't really thought of that. Prospective nanny: That's cool. But... but if you do, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 4 | 62 | 30 | *Well... just so you know... hearing it wasn't exactly a Vladnik carnival either... Can we at least h* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 3 | 204 | 33 | *So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our nanny to start right away, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 3 | 44 | 29 | *I realise how it's... a bit unorthodox for some people, but I really believe, the most satisfying th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 3 | 62 | 47 | *Right! Never! Never! I swear!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] | /'ɒ:sәm/ | a. 引起敬畏的, 可怕的 | s inspiring awe or admiration or wonder | 2 | 20 | 18 | *Awesome.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 2 | 49 | 33 | *I'm sorry... I'm sorry. It's obviously way too early for us to be... having that conversation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 2 | 73 | 48 | *Okay, when I got divorced, I didn't think I'd feel this way about someone for a really long time... * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] | /blɔnd/ | a. (头发)亚麻色的, 淡色的, 白肤金发碧眼的, 白里透红的, 白皙的, 淡黄色的 | n a person with fair skin and hair | 2 | 14 | 11 | *What, the blonde with no bra?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 2 | 70 | 38 | *Well, it got me to New York anyway, and then I got on a cab at the airport, and the guy said where t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] | /'su:nә/ | n. (美)(非正式)抢先占有土地者, 抢先而获得不正当利益的人 | r. comparatives of `soon' or `early' | 2 | 16 | 11 | *So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 2 | 74 | 39 | *What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheek]] | /tʃi:k/ | n. 颊, 厚颜, 脸蛋 | n. either side of the face below the eyes | 2 | 11 | 10 | *Of course, yeah. You know, a kiss on the cheek wouldn't be totally inappropriate...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 2 | 52 | 24 | *This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French* |
| hmmm |  | abbr. 六甲氧基甲基三聚氰胺；氨基树脂 |  | 2 | 16 | 13 | *Hmmm... No, no... No, I can't do this. It's bad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 2 | 13 | 12 | *...a what? A what? What's the end of that sentence?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blind\|blind]] | /blaind/ | n. 蒙蔽物, 窗帘 | n. people who have severe visual impairments, considered as a group | 2 | 28 | 21 | *Really? Sounded like Three Blind Mice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *Honey, you're screaming.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM! I just had the best first day ever! The kitchen: twice as big as Allessandro'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] | /daut/ | n. 怀疑, 疑惑 | n. the state of being unsure of something | 1 | 17 | 14 | *Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy, Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gum\|gum]] | /gʌm/ | n. 树胶, 橡皮, 橡皮糖, 牙床, 老天 | n. any of various substances (soluble in water) that exude from certain plants;  | 1 | 22 | 15 | *Okay, when I got divorced, I didn't think I'd feel this way about someone for a really long time... * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] | /dig/ | vt. 挖, 翻土, 发掘 | n. the site of an archeological exploration | 1 | 17 | 15 | *I know Mike, why don't you keep digging?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] | /'ɒnist/ | a. 诚实的, 坦直的, 可靠的 | a. not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent | 1 | 29 | 26 | *Oh, it's a key. To be honest, I think I'd prefer the five dollars.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] | /pri'fә:/ | vt. 宁可, 较喜欢, 提出 | v. like better; value more highly | 1 | 15 | 15 | *Oh, it's a key. To be honest, I think I'd prefer the five dollars.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our nanny to start right away, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 1 | 46 | 20 | *What, the blonde with no bra?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]] | /'tʃaildhud/ | n. 孩童时期 | n. the time of person's life when they are a child | 1 | 14 | 10 | *She was blonde?  Just a sec.! Okay, okay. This one's name is Sandy. She's got a degree in early chil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *No! It's a great time, come in...! WOW, hi... Oh my gosh! What are you doing here? Are you back from* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *Well, just for a couple of days, uhm... I'm here to explain to the people who gave us our grant, why* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *I'm... I'm just... I'm the worst person ever. How can I not tell David that I'm seeing Mike?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]] | /'saiәntist/ | n. 科学家 | n. a person with advanced knowledge of one or more sciences | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Really? The scientist guy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 1 | 21 | 18 | *I know!  Evil! And... and... and... I like Mike so much, you know. It's just going really well. Oh m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Uhuh... Yeah...!, you know. And given my life long search for irony, you can imagine how happy I am.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicate]] | /'kɒmplikeit/ | vt. 弄复杂, 使错综, 使恶化 | v. make more complicated | 1 | 25 | 21 | *I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... Y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fry\|fry]] | /frai/ | n. 油炸食物, 鱼苗 | n. English painter and art critic (1866-1934) | 1 | 21 | 10 | *What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waiter\|waiter]] | /'weitә/ | n. 侍者 | n. a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant) | 1 | 30 | 18 | *What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *No, it just remind me of something this guy did today at work. I told you about that funny guy, Geof* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 1 | 40 | 20 | *It's okay. I get that a lot doing what I do. But I am straight. I-I'm engaged actually.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *Yeah, kids say all kinds of crap.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] | /'daiәpә/ | n. 尿布 | n. garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened a | 1 | 21 | 14 | *Oh God, she mu... she must need her diaper changed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cream\|cream]] | /kri:m/ | n. 乳酪, 奶油, 面霜 | n. the best people or things in a group | 1 | 32 | 22 | *I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made lotion on Emma. It's a mixture of calendu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made lotion on Emma. It's a mixture of calendu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] | /i'mәuʃәnәl/ | a. 情绪的, 情感的 | a. determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason | 1 | 15 | 13 | *That's great!  I'm sorry. It's just... such an emotional thing when you're welcomed into a new famil* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh... ***I really can't hear what she says*** come here.* |
| chan |  | n. 通道（槽, 沟） |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Ooh. I-I don't know Chan. I'm not so good with remembering lines.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depend]] | /di'pend/ | vi. 靠, 视...而定, 信赖 | v. be contingent upon (something that is elided) | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well, thank God your livelihood doesn't depend on it.* |
| nooooo |  | [网络] 是我自作多情；天哪；脑无 |  | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Nooooo! Being funny is your thing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] | /leim/ | a. 跛足的, 僵痛的, 不完全的, 金属薄板, 不知内情的人 | n. a fabric interwoven with threads of metal | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Without that, you just got "lame with women".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardest\|hardest]] |  | a. 极难 | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well... but David, just... I just want you to know that... that... you know... telling you this... i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Well... just so you know... hearing it wasn't exactly a Vladnik carnival either... Can we at least h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] | /.inә'prәupriәt/ | a. 不适当的, 不相称的 | a. not suitable for a particular occasion etc | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Of course, yeah. You know, a kiss on the cheek wouldn't be totally inappropriate...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *...it's uhm... i-it's two on each cheek and uhm... and one on the lips.* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 1 | 33 | 27 | *Oh yeah, it's fine, it's fine. Sandy was just... was just telling me about how he proposed to his fi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 1 | 21 | 16 | *Well, her favourite flower is the camellia. From the poem...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *And you thanks for the face massage. Thank you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bake\|bake]] | /beik/ | vt. 烘焙, 烤 | v. cook and make edible by putting in a hot oven | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites poetry and bakes Madeleines?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] | /'pi:nis/ | n. 阳物, 阴茎 | n. the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism) | 1 | 16 | 13 | *Uhm... A penis model.  Anyway, hey... Did you tell Chandler that some guy from work is the funniest * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Is that why he's acting so weird...? He's jealous...? Oh my God, that is crazy. It's not like I'm at* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attract\|attract]] | /ә'trækt/ | vt. 吸引, 诱惑 | v. direct toward itself or oneself by means of some psychological power or physi | 1 | 19 | 13 | *Is that why he's acting so weird...? He's jealous...? Oh my God, that is crazy. It's not like I'm at* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 1 | 56 | 42 | *Ohhh, ooohhh... you are on a roll, mister!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Ohhh, ooohhh... you are on a roll, mister!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more pizza.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] | /im'preʃәn/ | n. 印象, 意念, 盖印, 印记, 印数, 底色, 效果 | n. a vague idea in which some confidence is placed | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean, you're... you're more sarcastic a-a-and... well, h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *Your lipstick's on his mouth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Yes, but uhm... You should know... she really likes you. I-In fact I-I-I don't think you realise j-j* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|finger]] | /'fiŋgә/ | n. 手指, 指状物, (手套的)手指部分, 指针 | n. any of the terminal members of the hand (sometimes excepting the thumb) | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Don't point your finger at me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 1 | 45 | 37 | *Really? Well, if you do, come in the spring. It's just lovely there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Yeah! Allright! Hey, hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy taught me Hot-cross Buns.* |

### 低频词（80）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]] | /'næni/ | n. 保姆；母山羊 | n. a woman who is the custodian of children | 13 | 25 | 5 | *So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our nanny to start right away, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandy\|sandy]] | /'sændi/ | a. 沙的, 沙地的, 多沙的 | s of hair color; pale yellowish to yellowish brown | 10 | 15 | 4 | *She was blonde?  Just a sec.! Okay, okay. This one's name is Sandy. She's got a degree in early chil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minsk\|minsk]] | /minsk/ | n. 明斯克（白俄罗斯首都） | n. the capital of Belarus and of the Commonwealth of Independent States | 8 | 27 | 5 | *No! It's a great time, come in...! WOW, hi... Oh my gosh! What are you doing here? Are you back from* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sensitive\|sensitive]] | /'sensitiv/ | a. 敏感的, 易感的, 灵敏的, 感光的 | a. responsive to physical stimuli | 8 | 21 | 9 | *Look, Ross, he's just... Sandy is just sensitive, that's all.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#allright\|allright]] | /ɔ:lˈraɪt/ | na. 不错；行；没关系；好 |  | 6 | 16 | 4 | *Allright. Well thank you so much for coming...* |
| geoffrey |  | n. 杰弗里（男子名） |  | 5 | 7 | 3 | *Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy, Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#funniest\|funniest]] |  | a. 最滑稽的（funny的最高级形式） | s arousing or provoking laughter | 4 | 13 | 9 | *Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy, Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prospective\|prospective]] | /prәs'pektiv/ | a. 预期的, 将来的 | a. of or concerned with or related to the future | 4 | 4 | 1 | *So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our nanny to start right away, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maitre\|maitre]] |  | n. （法）总管, 管家 |  | 3 | 11 | 4 | *Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy, Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oklahoma\|oklahoma]] | /.әuklә'hәumә/ | n. 俄克拉何马 | n. a state in south central United States | 3 | 15 | 5 | *So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in a* |
| fricken |  | [网络] 砸了 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] | /'pʌpit/ | n. 傀儡, 木偶 | n. a small figure of a person operated from above with strings by a puppeteer | 3 | 12 | 8 | *Who's up for puppets?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tulsa\|tulsa]] | /'tʌlsә/ | n. 塔尔萨（美国俄克拉菏马州东北部城市） | n. a major city of northeastern Oklahoma on the Arkansas river; once known as th | 2 | 43 | 8 | *And don't get me started on the way that people from Tulsa talk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#madeleines\|madeleines]] |  | (Madeleine 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 马德琳（女子名） | -s form of Madeleine | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Sandy made Madeleines.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ergo\|ergo]] | /'ә:^әu/ | adv. 所以, 因此 | r. (used as a sentence connector) therefore or consequently | 2 | 2 | 1 | *But... I-I-It's nice... A-a-and... nice is good. A-a-and good is not bad, ergo, w-w-we should keep k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pity\|pity]] | /'piti/ | n. 遗憾, 同情, 怜悯, 憾事, 可惜 | n. an unfortunate development | 2 | 9 | 5 | *So those were pity laughs? PITY LAUGHS?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#limerick\|limerick]] | /'limәrik/ | n. 五行打油诗 | n. port city in southwestern Ireland | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean, you're... you're more sarcastic a-a-and... well, h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#transition\|transition]] | /træn'ziʃәn/ | n. 转变, 转换, 变迁, 过渡时期, 临时转调 | n. a change from one place or state or subject or stage to another | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our nanny to start right away, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mannish\|mannish]] | /'mæniʃ/ | a. 男子似的, 成人似的 | s. resembling or imitative of or suggestive of a man rather than a woman | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And she's a little mannish...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accomplish\|accomplish]] | /ә'kʌmpliʃ/ | vt. 完成, 达到, 实现, 使完美 | v put in effect | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well, just for a couple of days, uhm... I'm here to explain to the people who gave us our grant, why* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]] | /'lʌgidʒ/ | n. 行李, 皮箱 | n cases used to carry belongings when traveling | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Wow. Where is your luggage?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expression\|expression]] | /ik'spreʃәn/ | n. 表达, 表现, 词语, 措辞 | n. the feelings expressed on a person's face | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Wa... wa... wait! We can... call them later. Can you just... just stand there f-f-for a moment? Boy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roughly\|roughly]] | /'rʌfli/ | adv. 概略地, 粗糙地, 粗暴地 | r. with roughness or violence (`rough' is an informal variant for `roughly') | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wa... wa... wait! We can... call them later. Can you just... just stand there f-f-for a moment? Boy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#translate\|translate]] | /træns'leit/ | vt. 翻译, 解释, 转化, 转变为, 调动 | v. restate (words) from one language into another language | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wa... wa... wait! We can... call them later. Can you just... just stand there f-f-for a moment? Boy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irresistible\|irresistible]] | /.iri'zistәbl/ | a. 不可抵抗的, 不能压制的 | a. impossible to resist; overpowering | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah! I mean, I don't know. I was just , I was looking, I was looking in his eyes and I was just thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]] | /aiә'rɔnik/ | a. 冷嘲的, 挖苦的, 反话的, 讽刺的, 令人啼笑皆非的, 出乎意料的 | s. characterized by often poignant difference or incongruity between what is exp | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Wow, isn't it ironic that David would show up on the same day that you and Mike exchange keys?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uhuh\|uhuh]] | /ʌ 'ʌ/ | int. 嘘 |  | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Uhuh... Yeah...!, you know. And given my life long search for irony, you can imagine how happy I am.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irony\|irony]] | /'aiәrәni/ | n. 反语, 讽刺, 具有讽刺意味的事 | n. incongruity between what might be expected and what actually occurs | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Uhuh... Yeah...!, you know. And given my life long search for irony, you can imagine how happy I am.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moral\|moral]] | /'mɒrәl/ | n. 道德, 品行, 寓意 | n. the significance of a story or event | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... Y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frankly\|frankly]] | /'fræŋkli/ | adv. 坦白地 | r (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the cas | 1 | 3 | 3 | *So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pan\|pan]] | /pæn/ | n. 平锅, 浅盘, 盆地, 硬土层, 拍摄全景 | n. cooking utensil consisting of a wide metal vessel | 1 | 9 | 8 | *So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waistband\|waistband]] | /'weistbænd/ | n. 腰带, 束腰带 | n a band of material around the waist that strengthens a skirt or trousers | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wyoming\|wyoming]] | /wai'әumiŋ/ | n. 怀俄明 | n. a state in the western United States; mountainous in the west and north with  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crotch\|crotch]] | /krɒtʃ/ | n. 分叉处, 丫叉, 胯部 | n. the angle formed by the inner sides of the legs where they join the human tru | 1 | 8 | 6 | *So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cabin\|cabin]] | /'kæbin/ | n. 小屋, 客舱 | n. small room on a ship or boat where people sleep | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Was your cabin pressurised?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pressurise\|pressurise]] |  | vt. 对...施加压力, 对...加压, 使(飞机座舱)增压, 密封, 使...耐压 | v increase the pressure on a gas or liquid | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Was your cabin pressurised?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poodle\|poodle]] | /'pu:dl/ | n. 鬈毛狗, 追随者 | n. an intelligent dog with a heavy curly solid-colored coat that is usually clip | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noodle\|noodle]] | /'nu:dl/ | n. 面条, 笨蛋 | n. a ribbonlike strip of pasta | 1 | 15 | 7 | *What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liza\|liza]] | /'laizә/ | n. 莉莎（女子名） | n. similar to the striped mullet and takes its place in the Caribbean region | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer* |
| minelli |  | [网络] 米内利；米内里；米耐力 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freezer\|freezer]] | /fri:zә/ | n. 冰库, 冰箱, 冷冻库 | n electric refrigerator (trade name Deepfreeze) in which food is frozen and stor | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raw\|raw]] | /rɒ:/ | n. 擦伤处, 半成品 | n. informal terms for nakedness | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unorthodox\|unorthodox]] | /.ʌn'ɒ:θәdɒks/ | a. 非正统的, 异教的 | a. breaking with convention or tradition | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I realise how it's... a bit unorthodox for some people, but I really believe, the most satisfying th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfy]] | /'sætisfai/ | vt. 使满意, 满足, 符合, 使确信, 赔偿 | v. meet the requirements or expectations of | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I realise how it's... a bit unorthodox for some people, but I really believe, the most satisfying th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daniel\|daniel]] | /'dænjәl/ | n. 丹尼尔（男子名） | n. (Old Testament) a youth who was taken into the court of Nebuchadnezzar and gi | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Like in my last job, I met Daniel when he was three weeks old. And I got to watch him grow into this* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#qualify\|qualify]] | /'kwɒlifai/ | vi. 取得资格, 有资格 | v. prove capable or fit; meet requirements | 1 | 8 | 8 | *So wh..? He's smart, he's qualified. Give me one good reason we shouldn't try him out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]] | /'lәuʃәn/ | n. 洗液 | n. any of various cosmetic preparations that are applied to the skin | 1 | 12 | 6 | *I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made lotion on Emma. It's a mixture of calendu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mixture\|mixture]] | /'mikstʃә/ | n. 混合, 混淆, 混合物 | n. (chemistry) a substance consisting of two or more substances mixed together ( | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made lotion on Emma. It's a mixture of calendu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calendula\|calendula]] | /kæ'lendjulә/ | n. 金盏花属植物 | n. any of numerous chiefly annual herbs of the genus Calendula widely cultivated | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made lotion on Emma. It's a mixture of calendu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rash\|rash]] | /ræʃ/ | a. 轻率的, 匆忙的, 鲁莽的 | n. any red eruption of the skin | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made lotion on Emma. It's a mixture of calendu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#livelihood\|livelihood]] | /'laivlihud/ | n. 生计, 营生, 生活 | n the financial means whereby one lives | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, thank God your livelihood doesn't depend on it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oof\|oof]] | /u:f/ | n. 钱, 现钞 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oof...* |
| ehm |  | abbr. eggs per hen per month 每鸡每月蛋数 |  | 1 | 13 | 8 | *In fact, ehm... I going to kiss you now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carnival\|carnival]] | /'kɑ:nivәl/ | n. 嘉年华会, 狂欢节, 饮宴狂欢 | n. a festival marked by merrymaking and processions | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well... just so you know... hearing it wasn't exactly a Vladnik carnival either... Can we at least h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#camellia\|camellia]] | /kә'mi:ljә/ | n. 山茶花, 山茶(树) | n. any of several shrubs or small evergreen trees having solitary white or pink  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, her favourite flower is the camellia. From the poem...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poem\|poem]] | /'pәuim/ | n. 诗, 诗般美的事物 | n. a composition written in metrical feet forming rhythmical lines | 1 | 17 | 8 | *Well, her favourite flower is the camellia. From the poem...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicate\|delicate]] | /'delikәt/ | a. 细致优雅的, 微妙的, 美味的 | a. exquisitely fine and subtle and pleasing; susceptible to injury | 1 | 3 | 3 | *This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butch\|butch]] | /butʃ/ | n. [俚]充当男性角色的女同性恋者；粗鲁的男人或男孩 | n. (slang) offensive term for a lesbian who is noticeably masculine | 1 | 2 | 2 | *This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manly\|manly]] | /'mænli/ | a. 象男人的, 强壮的, 适于男人的 | a. possessing qualities befitting a man | 1 | 7 | 6 | *This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chunk\|chunk]] | /tʃʌŋk/ | n. 大块, 矮胖的人(或物) | n. a substantial amount | 1 | 3 | 3 | *This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cattle\|cattle]] | /kætl/ | n. 牛, 家畜 | n. domesticated bovine animals as a group regardless of sex or age | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I... you know, I-I-I don't know what to say... I mean, I never thought of you as a guy who nee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recorder\|recorder]] | /ri'kɒ:dә/ | n. 记录员, 录音机 | n. equipment for making records | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites poetry and bakes Madeleines?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recite\|recite]] | /ri'sait/ | v. 背诵, 朗读, 叙述 | v. repeat aloud from memory | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites poetry and bakes Madeleines?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poetry\|poetry]] | /'pәuitri/ | n. 诗, 韵文, 诗歌艺术 | n. literature in metrical form | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites poetry and bakes Madeleines?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lighter\|lighter]] | /'laitә/ | n. 点火者, 点灯工人, 打火机, 驳船 | n. a device for lighting or igniting fuel or charges or fires | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Lighter than air...  But that's not the point.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#academia\|academia]] | /.ækә'di:miә/ | n. 学术界, 学术生涯 | n. the academic world | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Science...? Academia...? Being a good father...?* |
| manny | /'mæni:/ | n. 曼尼（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You got a man who's a nanny...? You got a manny...?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wetnurse\|wetnurse]] |  | n. 奶妈 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse.* |
| ooohhh |  | [网络] 噢；她是我的拉丁女孩；在休假 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ohhh, ooohhh... you are on a roll, mister!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#funnier\|funnier]] |  | 滑稽的 | s arousing or provoking laughter | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh yeah? Is he funnier than me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sarcastic\|sarcastic]] | /sɑ:'kæstik/ | a. 讽刺的, 讥讽的 | a. expressing or expressive of ridicule that wounds | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean, you're... you're more sarcastic a-a-and... well, h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hilarious\|hilarious]] | /hi'lєәriәs/ | a. 喜不自禁的, 欢闹的, 引人发笑的 | s. marked by or causing boisterous merriment or convulsive laughter | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerry\|jerry]] | /'dʒeri/ | a. 草率的, 偷工减料的 | n offensive term for a person of German descent | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lewis\|lewis]] | /'lu:is/ | n. 吊楔 | n. United States rock star singer and pianist (born in 1935) | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lazy\|lazy]] | /'leizi/ | a. 懒惰的, 怠惰的, 缓慢的 | s. moving slowly and gently | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slay\|slay]] | /slei/ | v. 杀害, 残杀 | v kill intentionally and with premeditation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lipstick\|lipstick]] | /'lipstik/ | n. 口红, 唇膏 | n. makeup that is used to color the lips | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Your lipstick's on his mouth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shade\|shade]] | /ʃeid/ | n. 荫, 阴暗, 遮光物, 灯罩, 帘, 浓淡, 微量, 底纹 | n. relative darkness caused by light rays being intercepted by an opaque body | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, uh... we just uh... happen to wear the same shade.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goto\|goto]] |  | v. 转到 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, if I ever goto Minsk, you'd better watch out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bun\|bun]] | /bʌn/ | n. 小面包 | n. small rounded bread either plain or sweet | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah! Allright! Hey, hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy taught me Hot-cross Buns.* |
