---
season: 9
episode: "03"
title: "903 - The One With The Pediatrician"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E03 — 903 - The One With The Pediatrician

*Written by: Brian Buckner and Sebastian Jones Directed by: Roger Christiansen*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment

*(Ross and Rachel enter)*

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Ross:** Hey! So what's the big news you had us [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] all the way over here for?

**Chandler:** Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] [[Friends-词汇总表#relocate\|relocated]].

**Ross:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Rachel:** What?!

**Ross:** Monday?!

**Joey:** How long do you have to go for?

**Chandler:** They said it could be up to a year.

**Joey:** A year?!

**Rachel:** *(To Monica)* Do you have to go?

**Monica:** I kind of have to don't I? Because of this stupid thing *(Points to her wedding ring.)*

**Chandler:** There is nothing like the support of your loving wife, huh?

**Joey:** Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot, but we've got [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] to the Jets game next week.

**Chandler:** I'm sorry buddy, but I don't think I'm gonna be able to make it.

**Joey:** We were gonna go see the Jets!

**Ross:** You can't go, I mean you're the [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]] that holds this group together!

**Chandler:** Really?

**Ross:** Not you.

**Joey:** I can't believe you guys are moving.

**Phoebe:** I call their apartment!!!

**Everyone:** No!!! Ah!! Ahh!!!


> [!scene] INTRO


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Joey:** Here you are *(Hands Rachel a cup of coffee)*

**Rachel:** Thank you Joey. You know what? I'm not even sure I can have [[Friends-词汇总表#caffeine\|caffeine]].

**Ross:** I went [[Friends-词汇总表#thru\|thru]] this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee won't [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]].

**Rachel:** Yeah. Just to be sure I'm gonna call Dr. Wiener.

**Joey:** *(Laughs)*

**Rachel:** Every time? *(She takes up her cell phone and starts dialing.)*

**Joey:** Uhuh.

**Ross:** Rach, you don't have to call [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] you have a little question, okay? Trust me, I know this.

**Rachel:** All right, I trust you. *(Continues to dial)*

**Ross:** Rachel, I can see you [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dialing]]! I don't understand why...

**Rachel:** I'm on the phone! *(On the phone)* Dr. Wiener? *(Ross and Rachel walk away)*

**Joey:** *(Laughs)*

**Phoebe:** It's so weird seeing Ross and Rachel with a baby. It's just so grown up.

**Joey:** I know, yeah. I feel like we're all growing up. Person named Wiener, God that kills me. *(Laughs)*

**Phoebe:** Look at you all grown up.

**Joey:** Actually, you know what? I am. That whole thing with Rachel made me realize that maybe I'm ready for a more serious relationship. You know? Like I'd like to meet a nice mature [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]]-minded lady. And looks aren't as important as...Nah, she's gotta be hot.

**Phoebe:** You know, I might know somebody. Hey, how about you set me up with someone, and we double date!

**Joey:** I can do that, yeah. How is Friday?

**Phoebe:** Done. Oh good, really?

**Joey:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** Let's see! *(Opens her address book.)* Oh, you know who's great? Sandy Poophack.

**Joey:** *(Laughs)* Poophack... *(Laughs)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah... All right, well that rules out Lana Titweiller

**Joey:** *(Laughs)*


> [!scene] SCENE: Chandler and Monica's apartment

**Chandler:** *(Enters)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Chandler:** I've got good news!

**Monica:** You got out of the whole Tulsa thing?

**Chandler:** Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa. You can stay here and keep your job.

**Monica:** It's great! How? Chandler. Well my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] and I worked out a deal where I only have to be in Tulsa four days a week, so the other three I can be here with you.

**Monica:** So you're gonna be gone four days a week? *(Thinks about it.)* No.

**Chandler:** I'm sorry, are you just used to saying that?

**Monica:** No. I can't be away from you for that long.

**Chandler:** Really?

**Monica:** Yeah, you're my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]]. I'm not gonna live in a different state than you for 208 days out of the year.

**Chandler:** That's fast [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]]! We could use you in Tulsa.

**Monica:** Honey, thanks for trying to figure out a way, but if you're going to Tulsa, I wanna go with you.

**Chandler:** Hey, you said that without [[Friends-词汇总表#gag\|gagging]]!

**Monica:** I know! *(They high-five.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment

**Rachel:** *(On the phone)* Excuse me? Oh yeah? Well, up yours too! *(Hangs up)*

**Ross:** *(Enters from his bedroom)*Who the hell was that?!

**Rachel:** Dr. Wiener.

**Ross:** Rach, you can't call people at three in the morning.

**Rachel:** Oh you know what, you sound just like his wife!

**Ross:** Was there anything you did wrong with Emma?

**Rachel:** Yes, of course there is! Okay? I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]]!

**Ross:** Well, what was it?

**Rachel:** Hiccups.

**Ross:** Rach, I told you, you can't call him every time any little thing comes up.

**Rachel:** Yeah well, not anymore I can't. He fired us! What are we gonna do? We have to find a [[Friends-词汇总表#pediatrician\|pediatrician]]. Wait wait, Monica said that when you guys were growing up, you really liked your doctor. What was his name?

**Ross:** Dr. Gettleman? Yeah I know, I don't think that's a good idea. In fact, I think he's dead.

**Rachel:** Argh! Why does everything happen to me?!

**Ross:** Rach, I promise first thing tomorrow we'll find another doctor, but I gotta get up early and I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] all that well.

**Rachel:** What? What, do you mean you're not [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] well? What do you have? Is it Rubella? Because don't go near Emma, she has not had that [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]].

**Ross:** You know? Come to think of it, it does feel Rubella-like!

*(Walks back into his room.)*

**Rachel:** *(Grabs the phone and stars dialing)* *(On phone)* *(In a high pitch voice)* Wiener, Wiener *(In a low pitch voice)* Wiener, Wiener!!!

**Ross:** *(Comes back into the living room)* Rachel!!!

**Rachel:** Great! Now he's gonna know it was me!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment

**Phoebe:** *(Enters)* Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** So how is this for our big double date tonight? *(She is all dressed up)*

**Joey:** *(Realizes that he has forgotten all about the double date)* Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** Ooh, great! Just the [[Friends-词汇总表#reaction\|reaction]] I was hoping for.

**Joey:** Yeah, so you found someone for me. You didn't forget?

**Phoebe:** Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't tell you how I know this, but she' not [[Friends-词汇总表#oppose\|opposed]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#threesome\|threesomes]]. So tell me some about my guy.

**Joey:** No.

**Phoebe:** Come on, give me something. What's his name?

**Joey:** Mike.

**Phoebe:** Mike? Okay! What's his last name?

**Joey:** Damnit! Is there no [[Friends-词汇总表#mystery\|mystery]] left in [[Friends-词汇总表#romance\|romance]] anymore!?

**Phoebe:** All right, we'll se you and Mike at the restaurant in a couple hours. Joey and Phoebe: *(Ad-lib good-byes)* *(Phoebe leaves)*

**Joey:** Why did I have to say Mike? I don't know a Mike! Why couldn't I have said... *(Looks through his address book)* There's no guy in there!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment

**Rachel:** It's [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] to find a good doctor. I mean, how do you know the good ones from the ones who are gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] their [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] against your [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]]?

**Monica:** Excuse me?

**Chandler:** I know what she's talking about.

**Rachel:** We've got to find a new [[Friends-词汇总表#pediatrician\|pediatrician]]. Ross was getting [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] last night, and I think Emma may have caught it.

**Monica:** Why don't you go see Dr. Gettleman?

**Rachel:** Ross said he died.

**Monica:** He didn't die. I saw his [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, [[Friends-词汇总表#botch\|botched]] Botox.

**Rachel:** Oh, great! Well, then I'm gonna take Emma to see him. I wonder why Ross said that he died.

**Monica:** Oh, maybe he was getting him [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]] with his [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]] [[Friends-词汇总表#therapist\|therapist]].

**Chandler:** He saw a [[Friends-词汇总表#therapist\|therapist]]?

**Monica:** Yeah, he used to have this [[Friends-词汇总表#recur\|recurring]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]], just really freaked him out.

**Rachel:** Why? What was it?

**Monica:** That I was going to eat him.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

*(Joey walks in and looks around. He's trying to find a Mike for Phoebe)*

**Joey:** MIKE!!!

**Mike:** Yeah?

**Joey:** *(Checks him out)* Okay! *(Walks over to his table and sits down with him)*


> [!scene] Scene: Restaurant

**Mike:** I gotta tell you, I can't believe I'm doing this with you. Although I did just get out of a [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]]-year relationship, so I guess I should be open and taking some risks.

**Joey:** Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead, okay? All you have to do is [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] to be Mike.

**Mike:** I am Mike.

**Joey:** Atta boy!

*(Phoebe and Mary Ellen enter.)*

**Joey:** Okay, look...

**Everyone:** *(Ad-lib hellos)*

**Phoebe:** Joey, this is Mary Ellen Jenkins. So, Mike, how do you and Joey know each other anyway?

**Mike:** How do I and Joey know each other? Wow, if I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#nickel\|nickel]] for every time somebody has asked me that.

**Joey:** *(Laughs)* From school.

**Mike:** Yeah, we met in college. *(Off Joey's look)* I mean, high school.

**Phoebe:** Wow, you guys go way back then. So what are you up to these days?

**Mike:** Well, I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]].

**Joey:** Mike, 'attorney at law'!

**Mike:** Actually, I just gave up my practice.

**Joey:** What? That's the kinda thing you usually run by me.

**Mike:** I always wanted to play [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]] [[Friends-词汇总表#professionally\|professionally]], and I figured if I don't do this now, I never will.

**Phoebe:** Wow, that's great! I liked that better than the law thing, so...

**Joey:** Which is why I waited until now to [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] you to Mike.

**Mary Ellen:** I thought you thought he was still a lawyer.

**Joey:** No, no, that's not what I meant. Let's get you a [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]].


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment

*(Monica Enters. Chandler is in the kitchen with his laptop)*

**Monica:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Monica:** What are you doing?

**Chandler:** Looking for restaurant jobs for you in Tulsa.

**Monica:** That's so sweet. Find anything?

**Chandler:** Slim Pickings.

**Monica:** Nothing, huh?

**Chandler:** No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#barbecue\|barbecue]] restaurant. They're looking for a [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]]. Actually 'cook' may be a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of a [[Friends-词汇总表#stretch\|stretch]]. They're looking for someone to [[Friends-词汇总表#shovel\|shovel]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mesquite\|mesquite]].

**Monica:** 'Slim Pickings'...That is so [[Friends-词汇总表#cheesy\|cheesy]].

**Chandler:** 'So Cheesy' also has an opening.

**Monica:** Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy, who's a restaurant [[Friends-词汇总表#biz\|biz]] head-[[Friends-词汇总表#hunter\|hunter]]. Maybe she'll know of something.

**Chandler:** Can I just say how much I [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a great dinner at 'Slim Pickings'. 'So Cheesy'? 'Whole Hog'? It's going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] to keep Kosher in Tulsa.

**Monica:** *(On phone)* Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] has been [[Friends-词汇总表#relocate\|relocated]]...Because I love him! No, I don't want a job in New York. Javo *(sp?)* is looking? Oh my God! He asked for me [[Friends-词汇总表#personally\|personally]]? Oh my God! Oh, wow, this is really [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flattering]], but I'm moving to Tulsa. Yeah, so if you would tell Javo

*(sp?) 'I'll take it!'*


> [!scene] Scene: Pediatrician's office

**Rachel:** Hi, my name is Rachel Green, I have an [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] for Emma.

**Receptionist:** Dr. Gettleman is finishing up with a patient, he should be out [[Friends-词汇总表#shortly\|shortly]]. Dr. Gettleman: *(To a patient)* I think you just have a cold, it's definitely not Strep.

**Ross:** Thanks doctor. Dr. Gettleman: Would you like a [[Friends-词汇总表#lollypop\|lollypop]]?

**Ross:** You even have to ask?! *(He grabs a lollypop out of a jar)* *(Sees Rachel)* *(To Rachel)* He is [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Restaurant

**Phoebe:** You know, it's so surprising that you and Joey have known each other for so long and I've never heard about you.

**Joey:** Yeah, that's because we had a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of a falling out. Mike hit my mom with a car.

**Mike:** No, I didn't.

**Joey:** That's okay Mike, I have [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgiven]] you. And now we're friends again everything's great! Mary Ellen Wait, is your mom okay?

**Joey:** Please, we're trying to have a [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]]. *(Pushes the wine glass closer to Mary Ellen.)*

**Mary Ellen:** Wow, you're a lot nicer on 'Days of Our Lives'.

**Mike:** 'Days of Our Lives'! That's why you look so [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]]!

**Phoebe:** What?!

**Mike:** What?!

**Joey:** What?!

**Phoebe:** Do you not know each other?

**Joey:** *(Laughs)* Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that we used to play in high school. Yeah, where we [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] we don't know each other. We played all kinds of games. *(To Mike)* Hey, remember the one where I [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] you in the face for not being cool?!

**Phoebe:** Mike, let me ask you something. How many sisters does Joey have?

**Mike:** *(Joey holds up six fingers)* Six!

**Joey:** What are you doing? I said seven! *(Holds up six fingers.)*

*(Realizes his mistake) Argh!!!*

**Phoebe:** Joey, why did you set me up with a [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]]?

**Joey:** Because I forgot about our date, I'm so sorry.

**Mike:** I'm sorry too. And just to be clear, I didn't hit his mother with a car.

**Phoebe:** *(To Joey)* You are [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]]! I spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is really smart and cute and [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]].

**Mary Ellen:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Who are you kidding? *(To Joey)* You just find some guy off the street for me? Oh God! This is [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliating]]!

**Joey:** Look Phoebe I'm so sorry! Hey, look, if you don't like this guy I can find you a better one. *(Looks around)* Mike!! Mike!!

**Phoebe:** I'm out of here *(She leaves)*

**Mike:** It was nice meeting you!

**Joey:** *(To Mary Ellen)* You're leaving too?

**Mary Ellen:** I'll stay if you can tell me my name.

**Joey:** Good night!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment

**Chandler:** Honey, we're leaving tomorrow you've still got a lot of packing to do.

**Monica:** You're right. *(Pause)* Maybe I shouldn't go.

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant, Javo *(sp?)*. It's just a little outside of Tulsa.

**Chandler:** How far outside?

**Monica:** Manhattan.

**Chandler:** And you're thinking of taking it? *(Pause)* So before you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now it's old job, *(Raises his hand)* me, *(Raises his hand)* new job.

**Monica:** I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] opportunity.

**Chandler:** What happened to 'you can't live without me four days a week'?

**Monica:** Well, if you really think about it, I mean four days is not that long. I mean, I see you Monday before you go to work, and I see you Thursday when you get back, and I always work late on Tuesdays, so really if you think about it, it's really just one day. And well, if we can't make it one day, we've got real problems my friend.

**Chandler:** I think you should take the job.

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start [[Friends-词汇总表#chatter\|chattering]] like a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]].

**Monica:** That's the [[Friends-词汇总表#nicest\|nicest]] anyone has ever said to me!

*(Ross and Rachel enter with Emma.)*

**Ross:** Hey!

**Monica:** How was the [[Friends-词汇总表#pediatrician\|pediatrician]]?

**Rachel:** Oh, I really liked him. *(Looks at Ross)* Yeah, it was really, really, really good.

**Ross:** You promised you wouldn't say anything.

**Rachel:** I know. *(Pause)* Ross still sees his [[Friends-词汇总表#pediatrician\|pediatrician]]!!!

*(To Ross) I don't care!*

**Monica:** Are you serious? You still see Dr. Gettleman?

**Ross:** He's a [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] [[Friends-词汇总表#diagnostician\|diagnostician]]!

**Chandler:** Diagnostician or [[Friends-词汇总表#boo\|boo]]-boo [[Friends-词汇总表#fixer\|fixer]]?

**Rachel:** Ross, seriously! You've gotta go to an appropriate doctor.

**Ross:** Why? Why? I know it's a little weird, but hey, he's a great doctor, okay? He knows my medical history, and every time I go in there, he makes a big deal. 'Ah look, it's my favorite patient!'

**Chandler:** Does he say that before he sticks his [[Friends-词汇总表#thermometer\|thermometer]] in your [[Friends-词汇总表#touchy\|touchy]]?

**Ross:** Hey, I seem to remember someone bringing his security [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]] to college!

**Chandler:** That was not a security [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]]! That was a wall-hanging!

**Ross:** It didn't spend much time on the wall!!!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Mike:** Excuse me, hi. I was hoping I would run into you. Can we talk?

**Phoebe:** Sure.

**Mike:** I'm sorry, really, I'm so [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]]. Really, I'm a pretty nice guy. Just ask my [[Friends-词汇总表#parole\|parole]] officer...Apparently I'm not a funny guy.

**Phoebe:** Why did you go along with that?

**Mike:** Because I was told I'd get a free dinner, which I didn't. And that I'd meet a pretty girl. Which I did.

**Phoebe:** That's true. *(Pause)* Well, is anything you told me about yourself true?

**Mike:** My name in Mike, and I do play [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]].

**Phoebe:** Prove it.

**Mike:** There isn't a [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]] here.

**Phoebe:** That wouldn't stand in the way of a true [[Friends-词汇总表#pianist\|pianist]].

**Mike:** *(Plays 'air piano')*

**Phoebe:** You are really good! I play a little guitar myself.

**Mike:** Really?

**Phoebe:** Uhuh.

**Mike:** That's great. What kind of music do you play?

**Phoebe:** Well, like [[Friends-词汇总表#acoustic\|acoustic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#folksy\|folksy]] stuff. You know? But right now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' covers.

**Mike:** Do you think that maybe, [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]], I could...

**Phoebe:** It's okay. Go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]], ask me out.

**Mike:** Okay. Do you think maybe [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] I could take you out?

**Joey:** *(Walks In)*

**Phoebe:** *(To Mike)* Oh, you just caught me off [[Friends-词汇总表#guard\|guard]]! Yeah, that would be nice.

**Joey:** Look at this. My two best friends!

*(Phoebe and Mike look at him, and he goes over to the counter.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Pediatrician's office

**Ross:** Excuse me, I don't mean to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]], but the baby with the [[Friends-词汇总表#rash\|rash]] came in after me.

**Receptionist:** The doctor will be right with you [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

**Girl:** *(Reading a book)* Mommy, I can't find Waldo.

**Ross:** With the [[Friends-词汇总表#circus\|circus]]? He's behind the [[Friends-词汇总表#elephant\|elephant]].

**Woman:** Wow, so your child is a big fan of the Waldo books too?

**Ross:** Yeah, that's how I know. I'm Ross by the way.

**Sally:** Hi, I'm Sally. So, no ring. Can I [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] you are also a single parent?

**Ross:** I am a single parent.

**Sally:** It's hard isn't it? There's almost no time for a social life. I mean, where are you gonna meet someone?

**Ross:** Well, let's say, I don't know, you met someone in the pediatrician's office.

**Nurse:** *(To Ross)* Rossy, we're ready for you.

**Ross:** Hmm, yeah. *(To a random boy in the waiting room)* Come on Ross jr. It's time to go in.

**Boy:** Mommy *(He walks over to Sally.)*

**Girl:** Mommy, what's wrong with that man?

**Ross:** Hey, I helped you find Waldo!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment

**Ross:** *(Enters)* Oh good, you haven't left yet.

**Monica:** Where have you been?

**Ross:** I got held up at Dr. Gettleman's office. There was some guy that freaked everybody out.

**Chandler:** Well, you got here just in time. I really have to go buddy. *(They hug)*

**Ross:** Oh man.

**Monica:** Promise to call me when you land.

**Chandler:** Of course I will call you. I love you.

**Monica:** I love you too. *(They kiss)*

**Rachel:** Okay, wow, wow, wow. Watch the [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] people, we've got a baby over here.

**Phoebe:** Bye Chandler.

**Chandler:** Awww. *(They hug)* Bye!

**Rachel:** Bye honey. *(They hug)*

**Chandler:** *(Tries to hug Joey but J. moves away)* What's the matter Joe?

**Joey:** I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big [[Friends-词汇总表#leaver\|leaver]]. Big leaver with a stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#suitcase\|suitcase]].

**Chandler:** Any chance you are trying to pick a fight to make all this [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]]?

**Joey:** Dude, you see right [[Friends-词汇总表#thru\|thru]] me!! *(They hug)* *(Joey heads for the door and pushes Chandler's suitcase on the way out.)*

**Chandler:** Well, bye Mon, bye Ross, Rachel, bye Emma!

**Phoebe:** Okay, bye-bye! *(Pushes Chandler out the door.)* Good trip! *(Slams the door)*

**Monica:** *(Runs out to the hallway)* Chandler, wait. It goes: Old job, *(Raises her hand)* new job, *(Raises her hand really high)* you. This is just something I have to do.

**Chandler:** I know.

**Monica:** I love you so much.

**Chandler:** I know that too. *(They kiss)*

*(Joey opens the door and takes Chandler's suitcase into his own apartment.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Airport

**Chandler:** *(On cell phone)* Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise. CUT TO: Monica and Chandler's apartment.

**Joey:** *(On the phone with Chandler)* Double promise? Call me when you land.

**Monica:** Can I talk now?

**Joey:** Okay, bye. *(He hangs up the phone.)*

**Monica:** Joey?

**Joey:** He had to board.





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 7 | 281 | 110 | *Bye Chandler.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 4 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me? Oh yeah? Well, up yours too!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 4 | 115 | 81 | *Rach, I promise first thing tomorrow we'll find another doctor, but I gotta get up early and I'm not* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *I kind of have to don't I? Because of this stupid thing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot, but we've got tickets to the Jets game next * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *I call their apartment!!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *It's so weird seeing Ross and Rachel with a baby. It's just so grown up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 2 | 73 | 63 | *It's so weird seeing Ross and Rachel with a baby. It's just so grown up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Yeah well, not anymore I can't. He fired us! What are we gonna do? We have to find a pediatrician. W* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 2 | 64 | 51 | *Ooh, great! Just the reaction I was hoping for.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 2 | 88 | 79 | *We've got to find a new pediatrician. Ross was getting sick last night, and I think Emma may have ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 2 | 99 | 81 | *Yeah, he used to have this recurring nightmare, just really freaked him out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *I gotta tell you, I can't believe I'm doing this with you. Although I did just get out of a nine-yea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 2 | 215 | 100 | *Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *Yeah, that's because we had a bit of a falling out. Mike hit my mom with a car.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *I know, yeah. I feel like we're all growing up. Person named Wiener, God that kills me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Actually, you know what? I am. That whole thing with Rachel made me realize that maybe I'm ready for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Actually, you know what? I am. That whole thing with Rachel made me realize that maybe I'm ready for* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Excuse me? Oh yeah? Well, up yours too!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Who the hell was that?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Argh! Why does everything happen to me?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Oh, great! Well, then I'm gonna take Emma to see him. I wonder why Ross said that he died.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *That I was going to eat him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Joey, this is Mary Ellen Jenkins. So, Mike, how do you and Joey know each other anyway?* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Dr. Gettleman is finishing up with a patient, he should be out shortly. Dr. Gettleman:  I think you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Dr. Gettleman is finishing up with a patient, he should be out shortly. Dr. Gettleman:  I think you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *You know, it's so surprising that you and Joey have known each other for so long and I've never hear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Mike, let me ask you something. How many sisters does Joey have?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *You are unbelievable! I spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Who are you kidding?  You just find some guy off the street for me? Oh God! This is humiliating!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Ross, seriously! You've gotta go to an appropriate doctor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer in your touchy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *I'm sorry, really, I'm so embarrassed. Really, I'm a pretty nice guy. Just ask my parole officer...A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *Any chance you are trying to pick a fight to make all this easier?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I* |

### 常用词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 6 | 204 | 33 | *Was there anything you did wrong with Emma?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 2 | 68 | 42 | *Yeah, you're my husband. I'm not gonna live in a different state than you for 208 days out of the ye* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 2 | 53 | 46 | *Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead, okay? All you have to do is pretend to be Mike.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 2 | 38 | 29 | *Do you think that maybe, sometime, I could...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 1 | 29 | 25 | *Hey! So what's the big news you had us rush all the way over here for?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]] | /glu:/ | n. 胶, 粘性物 | n. cement consisting of a sticky substance that is used as an adhesive | 1 | 12 | 11 | *You can't go, I mean you're the glue that holds this group together!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *I went thru this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee won't affect your milk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 1 | 30 | 27 | *Rach, you don't have to call whenever you have a little question, okay? Trust me, I know this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 1 | 21 | 14 | *Rachel, I can see you dialing! I don't understand why...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *It's great! How? Chandler. Well my boss and I worked out a deal where I only have to be in Tulsa fou* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] | /mæθ/ | n. 数学 | n a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity an | 1 | 14 | 12 | *That's fast math! We could use you in Tulsa.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insane\|insane]] | /in'sein/ | a. 患精神病的, 极愚蠢的 | a. afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement | 1 | 32 | 26 | *Yes, of course there is! Okay? I'm not insane!* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit! Is there no mystery left in romance anymore!?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] | /im'pɒsәbl/ | a. 不可能的, 难以置信的, 令人无法忍受的 | n. something that cannot be done | 1 | 19 | 17 | *It's impossible to find a good doctor. I mean, how do you know the good ones from the ones who are g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *It's impossible to find a good doctor. I mean, how do you know the good ones from the ones who are g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] | /'pi:nis/ | n. 阳物, 阴茎 | n. the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism) | 1 | 16 | 13 | *It's impossible to find a good doctor. I mean, how do you know the good ones from the ones who are g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *It's impossible to find a good doctor. I mean, how do you know the good ones from the ones who are g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *We've got to find a new pediatrician. Ross was getting sick last night, and I think Emma may have ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 1 | 57 | 29 | *He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Oh, maybe he was getting him confused with his childhood therapist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]] | /'tʃaildhud/ | n. 孩童时期 | n. the time of person's life when they are a child | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Oh, maybe he was getting him confused with his childhood therapist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nightmare\|nightmare]] | /'naitmєә/ | n. 梦魇, 恶梦, 可怕的事物(或情景、人物) | n. a situation resembling a terrifying dream | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Yeah, he used to have this recurring nightmare, just really freaked him out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]] | /'lɒ:jә/ | n. 律师 | n. a professional person authorized to practice law; conducts lawsuits or gives  | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Well, I'm a lawyer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Which is why I waited until now to introduce you to Mike.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Hi, my name is Rachel Green, I have an appointment for Emma.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *You even have to ask?!    He is alive!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] | /fә'giv/ | vt. 原谅, 宽恕, 免除 | v. stop blaming or grant forgiveness | 1 | 33 | 22 | *That's okay Mike, I have forgiven you. And now we're friends again everything's great! Mary Ellen Wa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Please, we're trying to have a conversation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *'Days of Our Lives'! That's why you look so familiar!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] | /pʌntʃ/ | n. 打洞器, 钻孔机, 冲压机, 冲床, 潘趣酒 | n. (boxing) a blow with the fist | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that we used to play in high school. Yeah, where we pretend * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] | /'streindʒә/ | n. 陌生人, 门外汉 | n. anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Joey, why did you set me up with a stranger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *You are unbelievable! I spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loose\|loose]] | /lu:s/ | n. 发射, 放任, 放纵 | a. not compact or dense in structure or arrangement | 1 | 11 | 11 | *You are unbelievable! I spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliate]] | /hju:'milieit/ | vt. 使丢脸, 使蒙羞, 屈辱 | v. cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Who are you kidding?  You just find some guy off the street for me? Oh God! This is humiliating!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lifetime\|lifetime]] | /'laiftaim/ | n. 一生, 终生 | n the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death) | 1 | 13 | 13 | *I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] | /'mʌŋki/ | n. 猴子, 猿, 打桩锤 | n. any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians) | 1 | 86 | 23 | *Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] | /'briljәnt/ | a. 光辉的, 灿烂的, 有才气的 | s. of surpassing excellence | 1 | 12 | 12 | *He's a brilliant diagnostician!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *I'm sorry, really, I'm so embarrassed. Really, I'm a pretty nice guy. Just ask my parole officer...A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Prove it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 1 | 50 | 40 | *It's okay. Go ahead, ask me out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Excuse me, I don't mean to be a jerk, but the baby with the rash came in after me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *The doctor will be right with you sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Hi, I'm Sally. So, no ring. Can I assume you are also a single parent?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tongue\|tongue]] | /tʌŋ/ | n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言 | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in  | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Okay, wow, wow, wow. Watch the tongue people, we've got a baby over here.* |
| awww |  | n. 啊啊… |  | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Awww.  Bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Any chance you are trying to pick a fight to make all this easier?* |

### 低频词（70）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tulsa\|tulsa]] | /'tʌlsә/ | n. 塔尔萨（美国俄克拉菏马州东北部城市） | n. a major city of northeastern Oklahoma on the Arkansas river; once known as th | 13 | 43 | 8 | *Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wiener\|wiener]] | /'vi:nә/ | n. <美>=frankfurter | n. United States mathematician and founder of cybernetics (1894-1964) | 8 | 10 | 3 | *Yeah. Just to be sure I'm gonna call Dr. Wiener.* |
| gettleman |  | [网络] 恶心的人 |  | 7 | 7 | 1 | *Dr. Gettleman? Yeah I know, I don't think that's a good idea. In fact, I think he's dead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pediatrician\|pediatrician]] | /,pi:diә'triʃәn/ | n. 儿科医生, 儿科专家 | n a specialist in the care of babies | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Yeah well, not anymore I can't. He fired us! What are we gonna do? We have to find a pediatrician. W* |
| ellen | /'elin/ | n. 埃伦（女子名） |  | 4 | 7 | 4 | *Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] | /'pikiŋ/ | n. 掘, 选择, 挑选, 采摘, 撬开, [U]采得物, 捡得物, 赃物, 扒窃物 | n. the quantity of a crop that is harvested | 4 | 5 | 2 | *Slim Pickings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]] | /pi'ɑ:nәu/ | n. 钢琴 | n. a keyboard instrument that is played by depressing keys that cause hammers to | 3 | 10 | 7 | *I always wanted to play piano professionally, and I figured if I don't do this now, I never will.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheesy\|cheesy]] | /'tʃi:zi/ | a. 干酪质的, 俊俏的, 优秀的 | s of very poor quality; flimsy | 3 | 5 | 3 | *'Slim Pickings'...That is so cheesy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nancy\|nancy]] | /'nænsi/ | n. 女性化的男人 | n. a city in northeastern France in Lorraine | 3 | 17 | 5 | *Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy, who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she* |
| waldo | /'wɔ:ldәu/ | n. 沃尔多（男子名） |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Mommy, I can't find Waldo.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relocate\|relocate]] | /ri:'lәukeit/ | vt. 重新安置, 再配置, 放在新地方 | v. become established in a new location | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jet\|jet]] | /dʒet/ | n. 喷射流, 喷嘴, 煤玉 | n. an airplane powered by one or more jet engines | 2 | 6 | 4 | *Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot, but we've got tickets to the Jets game next * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thru\|thru]] | /θru:/ | adv. 穿越, 从头至尾 | prep., adv. & a. Through. | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I went thru this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee won't affect your milk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uhuh\|uhuh]] | /ʌ 'ʌ/ | int. 嘘 |  | 2 | 8 | 5 | *Uhuh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#therapist\|therapist]] | /'θerәpist/ | n. 治疗学家 | n. a person skilled in a particular type of therapy | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Oh, maybe he was getting him confused with his childhood therapist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diagnostician\|diagnostician]] | /.daiәgnәus'tiʃәn/ | n. 诊断医生, 诊断专家 | n. a doctor who specializes in medical diagnosis | 2 | 2 | 1 | *He's a brilliant diagnostician!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]] | /'blæŋkit/ | n. 毛毯, 毯子 | n. bedding that keeps a person warm in bed | 2 | 11 | 9 | *Hey, I seem to remember someone bringing his security blanket to college!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leaver\|leaver]] | /'li:vә/ | n. 离开者（常指学校毕业生） | n someone who leaves | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caffeine\|caffeine]] | /'kæfi:n/ | n. 咖啡因, 咖啡碱 | n. a bitter alkaloid found in coffee and tea that is responsible for their stimu | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thank you Joey. You know what? I'm not even sure I can have caffeine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affect\|affect]] | /ә'fekt/ | vt. 影响, 感动, 假装, 模仿, 爱好, 倾向于 | n. the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion | 1 | 11 | 9 | *I went thru this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee won't affect your milk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandy\|sandy]] | /'sændi/ | a. 沙的, 沙地的, 多沙的 | s of hair color; pale yellowish to yellowish brown | 1 | 15 | 4 | *Let's see!  Oh, you know who's great? Sandy Poophack.* |
| lana | /'lænә, 'lɑ:nә/ | [医] 羊毛, 绒毛 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah... All right, well that rules out Lana Titweiller* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gag\|gag]] | /gæg/ | n. 箝口物, 箝制言论, 讨论终结 | n. restraint put into a person's mouth to prevent speaking or shouting | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey, you said that without gagging!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hiccup\|hiccup]] | /'hikʌp/ | n. 打嗝 | n. (usually plural) the state of having reflex spasms of the diaphragm accompani | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hiccups.* |
| argh |  | [网络] 唉呦；生气；这趟没去成马祖 |  | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Argh! Why does everything happen to me?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rubella\|rubella]] | /ru:'belә/ | n. 风疹 | n a contagious viral disease that is a milder form of measles lasting three or f | 1 | 1 | 1 | *What? What, do you mean you're not feeling well? What do you have? Is it Rubella? Because don't go n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reaction\|reaction]] | /ri'ækʃәn/ | n. 反应, 反作用, 反动 | n. an idea evoked by some experience | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Ooh, great! Just the reaction I was hoping for.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oppose\|oppose]] | /ә'pәuz/ | vt. 反对, 以...对抗, 抗争 | v. be against; express opposition to | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#threesome\|threesome]] | /'θri:sәm/ | n. 三人一组, 三人的竞赛 | n the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mystery\|mystery]] | /'mistәri/ | n. 秘密, 神秘, 奥秘 | n. something that baffles understanding and cannot be explained | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Damnit! Is there no mystery left in romance anymore!?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romance\|romance]] | /rәu'mæns/ | n. 冒险故事, 浪漫史, 传奇文学 | n. the group of languages derived from Latin | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Damnit! Is there no mystery left in romance anymore!?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#botch\|botch]] | /bɒtʃ/ | v. 拙笨地修补, 糟蹋 | v. make a mess of, destroy or ruin | 1 | 2 | 2 | *He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#botox\|botox]] | /'bəutɔks/ | n. 肉毒杆菌；肉毒杆菌毒素；肉毒杆菌毒素制剂；波托克斯 | n a neurotoxin (trade name Botox) that is used clinically in small quantities to | 1 | 1 | 1 | *He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recur\|recur]] | /ri'kә:/ | vi. 复发, 回到, 重现, 再来, 诉诸, 采用, 循环 | v. happen or occur again | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, he used to have this recurring nightmare, just really freaked him out.* |
| atta |  | abbr. 泰国旅行社协会（Association Of Thai Travel Agents） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Atta boy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jenkins\|jenkins]] |  | n. 詹金斯（姓氏） | n. name of contempt for a flatterer of persons high in social | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Joey, this is Mary Ellen Jenkins. So, Mike, how do you and Joey know each other anyway?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nickel\|nickel]] | /'nikl/ | n. 镍, 镍币, 五分镍币 | n. a hard malleable ductile silvery metallic element that is resistant to corros | 1 | 5 | 5 | *How do I and Joey know each other? Wow, if I had a nickel for every time somebody has asked me that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#professionally\|professionally]] |  | adv. 专业地；内行地 | r. in a professional manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I always wanted to play piano professionally, and I figured if I don't do this now, I never will.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cocktail\|cocktail]] | /'kɒkteil/ | n. 鸡尾酒, 开味品 | n. a short mixed drink | 1 | 8 | 7 | *No, no, that's not what I meant. Let's get you a cocktail.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slim\|slim]] | /slim/ | a. 瘦的, 苗条的, 微小的, 稀少的, 微薄的 | v take off weight | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Slim Pickings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barbecue\|barbecue]] | /'bɑ:bikju:/ | n. 烤肉 | n. meat that has been barbecued or grilled in a highly seasoned sauce | 1 | 6 | 5 | *No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stretch\|stretch]] | /stretʃ/ | n. 伸展, 张开, 连绵, 一段路, 一段时间 | n. a large and unbroken expanse or distance | 1 | 8 | 8 | *No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shovel\|shovel]] | /'ʃʌvl/ | n. 铲, 铁铲 | n. a hand tool for lifting loose material; consists of a curved container or sco | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mesquite\|mesquite]] | /'meski:t/ | n. 豆科灌木（产于美国西南部和墨西哥） | n. any of several small spiny trees or shrubs of the genus Prosopis having small | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biz\|biz]] | /biz/ | [计] biz机构 | n your occupation or line of work | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy, who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hog\|hog]] | /hɒg/ | n. 猪, 贪婪者, 象猪般的人 | n. a person regarded as greedy and pig-like | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kosher\|kosher]] | /'kәuʃә/ | a. 合犹太人戒律的, 清净的, 合适的 | n. food that fulfills the requirements of Jewish dietary law | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#personally\|personally]] | /'pә:sәnli/ | adv. 亲自地, 个别地, 当面, 就本人而言, 针对个人地 | r. as yourself | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flatter]] | /'flætә/ | vt. 奉承, 阿谀, 使高兴 | v. praise somewhat dishonestly | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shortly\|shortly]] | /'ʃɒ:tli/ | adv. 不久, 简短, 唐突地 | r. for a short time | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Dr. Gettleman is finishing up with a patient, he should be out shortly. Dr. Gettleman:  I think you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strep\|strep]] | /strep/ | a. 链球菌的 | n spherical Gram-positive bacteria occurring in pairs or chains; cause e.g. scar | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Dr. Gettleman is finishing up with a patient, he should be out shortly. Dr. Gettleman:  I think you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lollypop\|lollypop]] | /'lɔlipɔp/ | n. 糖果, 棒棒糖 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thanks doctor. Dr. Gettleman: Would you like a lollypop?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#manhattan\|manhattan]] | /mæn'hætәn/ | n. 曼哈顿 | n. one of the five boroughs of New York City | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Manhattan.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chatter\|chatter]] | /'tʃætә/ | n. 饶舌, 啁啾, 喋喋不休 | n. the rapid series of noises made by the parts of a machine | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nicest\|nicest]] | /'naɪsɪst/ | 最美好的, 最令人愉快的（nice的最高级） | a pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance | 1 | 7 | 5 | *That's the nicest anyone has ever said to me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fixer\|fixer]] | /'fiksә/ | n. 定色剂, 定影剂, 毒贩子 | n. someone who intervenes with authorities for a person in trouble (usually usin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Diagnostician or boo-boo fixer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thermometer\|thermometer]] | /θә'mɒmitә/ | n. 温度计, 体温计 | n. measuring instrument for measuring temperature | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer in your touchy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#touchy\|touchy]] | /'tʌtʃi/ | a. 易怒的, 难以取悦的, 过于敏感的 | s quick to take offense | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer in your touchy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#parole\|parole]] | /pә'rәul/ | n. 假释, 誓言, 释放宣言 | n. a promise | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm sorry, really, I'm so embarrassed. Really, I'm a pretty nice guy. Just ask my parole officer...A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pianist\|pianist]] | /'piәnist/ | n. 钢琴家, 钢琴演奏者 | n. a person who plays the piano | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That wouldn't stand in the way of a true pianist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#acoustic\|acoustic]] | /ә'ku:stik/ | a. 听觉的, 声学的, 音响的 | n. a remedy for hearing loss or deafness | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, like acoustic folksy stuff. You know? But right now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' cove* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#folksy\|folksy]] | /'fәuksi/ | a. 和气的, 有民间风味的 | s. very informal and familiar | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, like acoustic folksy stuff. You know? But right now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' cove* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maiden\|maiden]] | /'meidn/ | n. 年轻未婚女子, 少女, 处女 | n an unmarried girl (especially a virgin) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, like acoustic folksy stuff. You know? But right now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' cove* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guard\|guard]] | /gɑ:d/ | n. 守卫者, 警戒, 护卫队, 防护装置 | n. a person who keeps watch over something or someone | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Oh, you just caught me off guard! Yeah, that would be nice.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rash\|rash]] | /ræʃ/ | a. 轻率的, 匆忙的, 鲁莽的 | n. any red eruption of the skin | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Excuse me, I don't mean to be a jerk, but the baby with the rash came in after me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circus\|circus]] | /'sә:kәs/ | n. 马戏团, 马戏, 竞技场 | n. a travelling company of entertainers; including trained animals | 1 | 8 | 5 | *With the circus? He's behind the elephant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elephant\|elephant]] | /'elifәnt/ | n. 象 | n. five-toed pachyderm | 1 | 2 | 2 | *With the circus? He's behind the elephant.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sally\|sally]] | /'sæli/ | n. 突击, 出击, 远足 | n. a venture off the beaten path | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi, I'm Sally. So, no ring. Can I assume you are also a single parent?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rossy\|rossy]] |  | n. (Rossy)人名；(法、西、捷)罗西 |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Rossy, we're ready for you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suitcase\|suitcase]] | /'sju:tkeis/ | n. 手提箱 | n a portable rectangular container for carrying clothes | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.* |
