---
season: 9
episode: "23"
title: "Friends - 923-924 - The one in Barbados"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E23-E0924 — Friends - 923-924 - The one in Barbados

Friends 923 - 924 - The one in Barbados Part 1 written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan & Scott Silveri Part 2 written by: Marta Kauffman & David Crane Directed by: Kevin S. Bright


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey! I'm all packed and ready to go!

**Ross:** Oh, that's right! *(to Emma)* Daddy and [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] Joey are going on a trip today. We're going to a conference in Barbados, right?

**Joey:** Mmh-mmh.

**Ross:** *(to Emma)* Can you say Barbados?

**Joey:** Barbados!

**Ross:** Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to hear me do my [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]! UH! And I've a surprise, uh... I had to pull some strings but I was able to get everyone passes to the entire conference! That's right! *(he gives them their passes)* This babies will get you into all the [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lectures]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#seminar\|seminars]].

**Rachel:** Do you have anything that would... get us out of them?

**Chandler:** Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, "island's stuff".

**Phoebe:** I think David would probably wanna hear a few [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lectures]].

**Ross:** Oh, right, because he's a [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]]!

**Phoebe:** No, no, because, you know, he's been in Minsk for 8 years and if he gets too much direct [[Friends-词汇总表#sunlight\|sunlight]], he'll die.

**Ross:** Ok, we gotta go, yeah? So, we'll see you guys tomorrow.

**Joey:** All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]] and do what comes [[Friends-词汇总表#naturally\|naturally]].

**Ross:** It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]] Joe, not a [[Friends-词汇总表#cloak\|cloak]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#invisibility\|invisibility]]!


---

**Opening credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Paradise Hotel lounge in Barbados

**Charlie:** Wow! This place is beautiful!

**Ross:** *(very excited)* Look at all these [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologists]]!!

**Joey:** I know, there are gonna be some [[Friends-词汇总表#pasty\|pasty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#folk\|folks]] by the pool tomorrow! *(A woman goes towards them)*

**Woman:** Oh my God, I can't believe you're here!

**Joey:** *(to Charlie)* I think I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognized]], this happens all the time!

**Woman:** Doctor Geller, I'm such a huge fan!

**Joey:** That... never happens...

**Woman:** I've been following your career for years, I-I can't wait for your [[Friends-词汇总表#keynote\|keynote]] [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]].

**Ross:** Wow! This is very [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flattering]], uh...

**Woman:** I would love your [[Friends-词汇总表#autograph\|autograph]]. *(hands him a notepad)*

**Ross:** Uh, uh... Sure! Uhm... "Dear..." *(he takes the notepad)*

**Woman:** Sarah.

**Ross:** "... Sarah. I [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] you", Uh? "Doctor Ross Geller".

**Sarah:** Thank you so much!

**Ross:** Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] you to my [[Friends-词汇总表#colleague\|colleague]], uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this is Joey Tribbiani.

**Sarah:** *(to Joey)* Are you a [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]]?

**Joey:** No, God, no! No! No no, I'm an actor. You'd probably [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] me from a little show called "The Days of Our Lives".

**Ross:** Dude, it's just "Days of Our Lives"... there's no the.

**Joey:** *(thinking he's kidding)* Ok, Ross! It's... It's fun, yeah! No, I-I play Doctor Drake Ramoray.

**Sarah:** I'm sorry, I don't own a TV.

**Joey:** You don't own a TV? What's all your furniture pointed at??


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Monica:** David, can you help me?! I'm trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] to Chandler how a [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] stays in the air.

**David:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]]. That's a [[Friends-词汇总表#combination\|combination]] of Bernoulli's [[Friends-词汇总表#principle\|principle]] and Newton's third law of motion.

**Monica:** *(to Chandler)* See?

**Chandler:** Yeah, that's the same as "it has something to do with wind".

**Monica:** Alright, I'm gonna go pick up a few things for the trip.

**Phoebe:** Oh, I should go, too. Oh, now... tomorrow do you guys wanna share a [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] to the airport or should Mike and I just meet you there.

*(Everyone looks at her)*

**Phoebe:** Mike?? Who's Mike?

**David:** Mike is your ex... uh... boyfriend!

**Phoebe:** That's right! Oh, yeah... Well, I've totally forgotten about im! AH! That's-That's... a [[Friends-词汇总表#blast\|blast]] from the past!

**David:** It's ok. Ho-[[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]].

**Phoebe:** Really, it doesn't mean anything. I mean, you know, Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|refers]] to Chandler as Richard all the time!

**Chandler:** *(upset)* She does?

**Monica:** *(pinching her)* Let's get you out of here!! *(they go outside)*

*(Outside the Central Perk)*

**Monica:** At least you took me down with you!

**Phoebe:** I'm sooo sorry!! I just... I keep thinking about Mike! I'm crazy about David, and we're having so much fun together. Why-Why do I miss Mike? That's-that's gonna go away, right?

**Monica:** I guess, in time.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Monica:** I mean, my [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for Richard are [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] gone.

**Phoebe:** You just did it again. Chandler, your [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for Chandler are [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] gone!


> [!scene] Scene: Inside Central Perk

**David:** *(to Chandler)* Well, Phoebe's still pretty hung up on that Mike, uh?

**Chandler:** I wouldn't read too much into it.

**David:** Still you know, a girl calls you by your ex-boyfriend's name, that-that's not a good thing, right?

**Chandler:** David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving advice. So if you want advice, go to Ross, Monica, or... Joey, if the thing you wanna advice about is [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] [[Friends-词汇总表#topping\|toppings]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burning]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sensation\|sensation]] when you [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]].

**David:** Sorry, I just... I wish there was something I could do, you know? Well, you know Phoebe...

**Chandler:** Seriously, we're gonna do this?

**David:** I'm sorry, uh... I just wish I could make her forget about Mike already, you know... Why did Phoebe and Mike break up?

**Chandler:** Oh, because his [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] was too big. *(he notices that David is not amused)* Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do. *(pause)* They broke up because Mike didn't want to get married. Hey, what if you just let Phoebe know you'd be open to [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]?

**David:** That's great! That's great! I-I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to her!

**Chandler:** What?

**David:** Well, I was probably going to do it at some point.

**Chandler:** I didn't mean now...

**David:** Why not? It's [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]]! *(talking to an imaginary Mike)* Goodbye Mike, we'll see you at the wedding, [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]]! *(pause)* well, we probably won't invite you to the wedding... *(to Chandler)* Thank you, Chandler. Sincerely.

**Chandler:** Well, you're welcome! Glad I could help.

**David:** *(after a while)* How do you think I should [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]?

**Chandler:** David, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]] to read here!!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey in his hotel in room in Barbados

*(Trying on a hat and talking to his own reflection in the mirror)*

**Joey:** Yeah! How you doin'? Yeah alright!

*(Charlie comes out the bathroom)*

**Joey:** Hey, hey! You said you're gonna wear a [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]], where's the thong?

**Charlie:** *(laughing)* I didn't mean a [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]]... I meant thongs...

**Joey:** You really should have been more clear about that!

*(Someone knocks the door, Joey goes to open it and Ross is on the other side)*

**Ross:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** *(Excited)* You're never going to guess who I just saw [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]]!

**Joey:** Oh! ah! eh... Britney Spears!?

**Ross:** Yeah, she never misses these conferences! *(then to Charlie)* No, I just saw Dr. Kenneth Schwartz!

**Charlie:** Oh my God! Did you talk to him?

**Ross:** Yeah... what am I going to say to Kenneth Schwartz?

**Joey:** You could say: "Hey Kenny, how come you're not Britney Spears?" *(looks at Ross matter-of-factly)*

**Ross:** *(to Charlie)* Ready to go?

**Charlie:** Yeah!

**Joey:** Wha...? You're gonna go now? I thought we could hang out?

**Charlie:** Oh I can't... I have [[Friends-词汇总表#seminar\|seminars]] all day and I promised Ross I would look at his [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]].

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Charlie:** But maybe we can have dinner later? On the [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]]? Will be [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]].

**Joey:** *(smiling)* Will you wear a [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]]?

**Charlie:** I will if you will.

**Joey:** Oh... you got yourself a very weird deal!

**Ross:** *(a little embarassed by their conversation)* I'm good, I have dinner plans *(moves away from them)*.

**Charlie:** So you'll be ok?

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah. I've got [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|tons]] of stuff I could do. I'm gonna hit the beach, go [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swimming]]...

**Ross:** Uh, Joe, have you looked outside?

**Joey:** No, why?

*(Ross goes to the window and opens the curtains revealing that it's raining outside)*

**Joey:** Oh man!

**Charlie:** There's an [[Friends-词汇总表#indoor\|indoor]] pool, you can [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]] there! *(Ross agrees)*

**Joey:** I wasn't gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]], I was gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]]! *(removes a small plastic spade used by children to play on the beach from his backpack)*


> [!scene] Scene: Back in New York, Monica and Chandler in Central Perk on the couch

**Monica:** Wow! That Mike thing was interesting! I don't know what's gonna happen with Phoebe and David.

**Chandler:** *(smiling cheekily)* I do! Want a [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]]? huh? "I do" *(Monica looks confused, so Chandler repeats)* "I do".

**Monica:** Ok, I'm sensing that this is some kind of word play, because you are pink with [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] controlled [[Friends-词汇总表#glee\|glee]].

**Chandler:** David is going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to Phoebe.

**Monica:** What? *(looks very shocked)* Why?

**Chandler:** Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to get married.

**Monica:** Chandler, we have talked about this. You are not supposed to give people advice! Now couldn't you just have made some sort of [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] joke?

**Chandler:** I did! A [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] one! Look, just so I know, what was so wrong about what I said?

**Monica:** They've only been going out for a few weeks and Phoebe is completely hung up on Mike! She'll say "No", David's heart will be broken, it will be too hard for them to [[Friends-词汇总表#recover\|recover]] from and then Phoebe will end up alone again.

**Chandler:** Man, that's some bad advice!


> [!scene] Scene: Barbados, hotel lounge. David, Phoebe and Rachel have just arrived.

*(Joey spots them and walks towards them)*

**Joey:** Oh! Hey! Thank God you guys are here!

**Rachel:** Hey! Hey what's going on?

**Joey:** Everything is [[Friends-词汇总表#upside\|upside]] down here! It [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rains]] all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]]!

*(Rachel turns around and sees Chandler and Monica arriving)*

**Rachel:** Alright, I don't wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#alarm\|alarm]] anybody, but Monica's hair is [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] as big as it was when we landed!

*(Monica and Chandler reach the group)*

**Monica:** Ok! When I go places with high [[Friends-词汇总表#humidity\|humidity]], it gets a little extra body, ok?!

**Chandler:** That's why our [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]] photos look like me and Diana Ross!

**Joey:** Come on, I'll show you guys where to check in *(Joey, Chandler and David leave)*

**Monica:** *(to Chandler)* Oh, honey, can you make sure we get a King size bed!

**Phoebe:** *(shouts after David)* Oh! David, get one for us too! Oh, oh, and see if they have a heart-[[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]] one! And with [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirrors]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#ceiling\|ceiling]]!

**Monica:** *(shouts to Chandler)* And make sure our room isn't next to [[Friends-词汇总表#theirs\|theirs]] *(points to Phoebe)*.

**Rachel:** Ooh! You guys are so lucky you are here with people, you known it's such a [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] place. That's all, I just wish I could *(looks at Joey who is at the check in desk)* share that with a guy.

**Phoebe:** Not Joey.

**Rachel:** Not Joey, no, I was just [[Friends-词汇总表#lust\|lusting]] after Chandler.

**Monica:** Yeah, right!


> [!scene] Cut to the guys

**David:** So, ehm... I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposing]] to Pheobe tonight. *(Removes a ring box from his pocket and opens it to show Chandler the ring)*

**Chandler:** Tonight?! *(looks at the ring)* Isn't an [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] ring supposed to have a diamond? *(squints at the ring to emphasize how tiny the diamond is)* Oh, there it is!

**David:** Yeah, well, being a [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|failed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]] doesn't pay quite as well as you might think. That's uhm... one [[Friends-词汇总表#seventieth\|seventieth]] of a [[Friends-词汇总表#karat\|karat]]. And the [[Friends-词汇总表#clarity\|clarity]] is uhm... is quite poor.

**Chandler:** *(slaps him on the shoulder)* Nice! *(goes to Monica)*

**Chandler:** Monica, can I talk to you for a sec? *(Pulls her away from Phoebe and Rachel)*

**Monica:** Ok!

**Chandler:** David is going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to Phoebe tonight!

**Monica:** See what happens when you give people advice? I hope you told him not to?

**Chandler:** That would be advice!!

**Monica:** Ok fine. I'll handle this. *(goes to Phoebe who's talking to Rachel)* Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**Monica:** *(looking very serious)* I need to talk to you.

**Phoebe:** Are you leaving "The Supremes"? *(Monica and Phoebe go to one side)* MOnica: Ok, my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] just gave your boyfriend some very bad advice. Look, David is going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to you tonight.

**Phoebe:** Wow? Really? That's [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]]!

**Monica:** What are you serious? You wanna marry him? Wha... What about Mike?

**Phoebe:** Oh, ok, you want me to marry Mike? Alright, well, let's just [[Friends-词汇总表#gag\|gag]] him and [[Friends-词汇总表#handcuff\|handcuff]] him and force him down the [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]]. I can just see it: "Mike, do you take Phoebe..." *(gestures with her hand as if someone is covering her mouth and tries to shout "No! No!")* You know, it's every girl's dream!

**Monica:** Do you really think marrying someone else is the right answer?

**Phoebe:** Sure! Look, ok, bottom line: I love Mike... David! David. I love David. Don't look at me that way, Roseanne Rosannadanna!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's hotel room. Ross and is reading his keynote speech to Charlie from his laptop

**Ross:** By using CT [[Friends-词汇总表#scan\|scans]] and computer imaging we can in a very real way, bring the Mesozoic [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]] into the 21st century.

**Charlie:** It's great. You're gonna be the hit of the conference.

**Ross:** Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupted]] by Joey checking to see if they put [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolates]] on my [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] yet. *(Someone knocks on the door, Ross goes to open and it's Joey, Rachel and Chandler)*.

**Joey:** Hey guys!

**Ross:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolates]] aren't here yet.

**Joey:** Damnit!

**Charlie:** Ross just read me his [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]]!

**Chandler:** Oh, is it on the computer, cuz I'd love to give it a read...?

**Ross:** If you want to check your email, just ask! *(Chandler tries to look offended)*

**Chandler:** *(offended)* What? *(pause)* May I?

**Rachel:** *(looking out the window)* What's with the [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]], Geller? I mean, when I signed up for Dino Week, nobody said anything about it being [[Friends-词汇总表#monsoon\|monsoon]] season.

**Charlie:** Actually the [[Friends-词汇总表#wet\|wet]] season is June to December.

**Rachel:** It's not the time Charlie.

**Chandler:** *(at the laptop)* Oh, no, no, no [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] God, no!

**Joey:** Oh what, did someone [[Friends-词汇总表#outbid\|outbid]] you for the [[Friends-词汇总表#teapot\|teapot]]? *(Chandler looks annoyed at him and Joey leans in to him)* Oh! Secret [[Friends-词汇总表#teapot\|teapot]]?

**Chandler:** Your computer, I don't know [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]]... everything's gone!

**Ross:** Wha... what do you mean? *(Goes to the laptop)*

**Chandler:** It must be a virus. I think it [[Friends-词汇总表#erase\|erased]] your hard drive.

**Ross:** What, oh my God. What did you do?

**Chandler:** Someone I don't know sent me an e-mail and I opened it.

**Ross:** Why, why would you open it?

**Chandler:** Well, it didn't say "This is a virus"!!

**Ross:** What did it say?

**Chandler:** Nude... *(Ross looks at him)*... pictures of Anna Kournikova. I'm so sorry.

**Ross:** What... what am I gonna do? My [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] is gone, Chandler!

**Chandler:** It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right?

**Ross:** NO! I don't!!

**Chandler:** Well, you must be pretty mad at yourself right now...!


> [!scene] Time lapse: Ross looks likes he's been trying to fix his computer but just closes it as if giving up

**Joey:** It's really gone?

**Ross:** Yep! I'd like to thank you guys for coming down here to [[Friends-词汇总表#complain\|complain]] about the [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] my career!

**Chandler:** I just feel [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]].

**Ross:** Yeah, well you should! I mean, nude pictures of Anna Kournikova? I mean, she's never even won a major [[Friends-词汇总表#tournament\|tournament]]!

**Chandler:** Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but... *(Ross glares at him)* you know, you and Monica have the same "I'm gonna kill you" look...? I can usually make it go away by kissing her... *(Ross continues to glare at him and Chandler leans in as if he's going to kiss Ross)*

**Ross:** Get out! *(Chandler runs out)*

**Rachel:** You know, this happens all the time to my computer at work.

**Ross:** Well, what do you do?

**Rachel:** Well, I usually go... play Tetris on somebody else's computer.

**Ross:** I can't believe this. I can't believe this is happening. I have to give the [[Friends-词汇总表#keynote\|keynote]] [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] tomorrow! Ok? I have to stand up in front of all these people. What am I gonna say?

**Joey:** I could [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you a [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] that I [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorized]] for [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|auditions]].

**Ross:** I don't think that your [[Friends-词汇总表#monologue\|monologue]] from Star Wars is gonna help me right now, Joe!

**Charlie:** Ross, we can [[Friends-词汇总表#solve\|solve]] this. I just heard your [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]. We can [[Friends-词汇总表#recreate\|recreate]] it! We've got all night!

**Ross:** Wha... what you really think we can do that?

**Charlie:** Oh wait, Joey and I are supposed to have dinner *(Looks at Joey)*.

**Joey:** Hey don't worry about that! I mean, Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we can.

**Rachel:** Ugh.

**Ross:** Alright, ok, let's do it. *(Ross sits down at the desk and they all gather around him)* Uhm, I know we start by discussing the [[Friends-词汇总表#shortcoming\|shortcomings]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#carbon\|carbon]] dating... uhm, and then, then I move on to what is clearly the defining moment of the Mesozoic [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]], the [[Friends-词汇总表#breakup\|breakup]] of Pangea, hello! *(Rachel and Joey look confused)* And then, there's the... eh... there's the overview of the Triassic.

**Joey:** Oh, oh! Any chance any of this happened in a "Galaxy far, far away"? *(Ross turns aroud and glares at him. Joey and Rachel decide to leave)*.


> [!scene] Scene: Mike's apartment. His phone rings and he picks up

**Mike:** Hello?

**Monica:** Ok, Mike, enough is enough, now you love Phoebe and she loves you, so you need to get over your whole "I never want to get married" thing and step up!

**Mike:** Who is this?

**Monica:** This is Monica! I'm Phoebe's friend. Listen, Phoebe is back with David and he's going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to her, and she is going to say "yes" but I know she really wants to be with you!

**Mike:** *(sounds shocked and sits down)* He... he's gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]?

**Monica:** I... I'm sorry, did you say something? I can't hear through all this damned hair! *(Tries to move her huge hair away from the phone, in vain)*

**Mike:** Look, if Phoebe wants to marry David, she should, I'm not gonna stand in the way of that and [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] should you.

**Monica:** You don't tell me what to do! I tell you what to do! Just call her. She's at the Paradise Hotel in Barbados. And while I've got you, you've got [[Friends-词汇总表#curly\|curly]] hair. What do you do in [[Friends-词汇总表#humidity\|humidity]]? *(Mike hangs up the phone)* Damnit!

*(Chandler walks in)*

**Monica:** *(sarcastically)* Well, I hope you're happy!

**Chandler:** *(pretending not to sense the tone)* Oooh! I hope you're happy too, honey!

**Monica:** Phoebe is going to say "Yes" to David. See, that's what happens when you [[Friends-词汇总表#meddle\|meddle]] in people's lives!

**Chandler:** Phoebe is going to say "yes"? That's, that's great!

**Monica:** No it's not, b'cause she's still in love with Mike!

**Chandler:** And there's not chance that will work?

**Monica:** No, I called him. It's not gonna happen.

**Chandler:** *(pointing at her)* Oooooooh! Meddler! Meddler!

**Monica:** Well, if you hadn't [[Friends-词汇总表#meddle\|meddled]] to start with, I wouldn't have had to go in there and meddle myself. Now, no matter how much we meddle, we will never be able to un-meddle the thing that you meddled up - in the first place!

**Chandler:** This vacation sucks!!


> [!scene] Scene: The hall, full of paleontologists. Rachel and Joey are walking around

**Joey:** I'm so [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bored]]! Stupid [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]], we... we can't do anything.

**Rachel:** Well, I've brought some books. We could read.

**Joey:** Hey, it hasn't come to that yet.

*(A waiter walks by carrying appetizers or something on a tray)*

**Joey:** *(stopping the waiter)* Hey hey hey! Don't mind if I do!

**Waiter:** I'm sorry [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]], these are for the [[Friends-词汇总表#pharmaceutical\|pharmaceutical]] [[Friends-词汇总表#convention\|convention]] *(walks away)*

**Joey:** Hey Rach, do you feel like going to a [[Friends-词汇总表#convention\|convention]]?

**Rachel:** We can't. We're not [[Friends-词汇总表#pharmacist\|pharmacists]]!

**Joey:** *(walking to a table with many badges on it)* I know we're not, but *(he picks up a badge)* Frank Medeio and... *(picks up another badge)* Eva Trorro... [[Friends-词汇总表#womba\|womba]]...

**Rachel:** *(picking up another random badge)* Kate Miller?

**Joey:** Kate Miller it is. *(he picks up the Kate Miller badge and sticks it on Rachel's breast)*

**Rachel:** And... that's the most sex I'm gonna have this weekend.

**Joey:** In that case should I make sure it's on real good? *(he does so, repeatedly tapping on her breast and stroking it)*

**Rachel:** Thank you. *(they walk away)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's room. Charlie is sitting on the bed, while Ross is walking up and down nervously

**Charlie:** And then, and then you said that thing about, about bringing the Mesozoic [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]] in the 21st century.

**Ross:** Yeah, that's it?

**Charlie:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Oh my God, we did it! *(he sits beside her and skims through her notes excitedly)*

**Charlie:** Actually I did it Ross. You remembered [[Friends-词汇总表#shockingly\|shockingly]] little of your own [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]].

**Ross:** Yes, but I did make a [[Friends-词汇总表#pyramid\|pyramid]] out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] products. This is amazing, thank you, thank you so much. *(he leans in, and they look at each other for a moment)* That's a pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklace]].

**Charlie:** Thank you.

**Ross:** Hey, what do you say we [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]]? Champagne? *(he goes to get the champagne)*

**Charlie:** Oh yeah! Hey, save the [[Friends-词汇总表#cork\|cork]] and then we can fill the [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] with water and put it back so they don't charge you.

**Ross:** Oh my God, I love you.

**Charlie:** Oh, this is such a cute picture of Emma. And is this your son... or just some kid whose picture you bring on vacation?

**Ross:** That's Ben, my son from my first [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]].

**Charlie:** Your first [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Charlie:** You're married more than once?

**Ross:** No. *(they clink glasses and drink)*

**Charlie:** So, why did you break up?

**Ross:** *(embarassed)* Oh, it was... it's [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]], you know? She... she was... eh... gay.

**Charlie:** Oh my God, this is so cool!

**Ross:** Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#odd\|odd]] thing to get excited about!

**Charlie:** No, it's just... I was enganged to a guy who turned out to be gay!

**Ross:** Hey! High-five! *(they high-five)*

**Charlie:** Didn't you feel so stupid that you didn't see the signs? My fiancé was always going away on these long weekends with his [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] partner.

**Ross:** My wife had a [[Friends-词汇总表#workout\|workout]] friend she went to the [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#everyday\|everyday]] for a year. She didn't get any [[Friends-词汇总表#fitter\|fitter]].

**Charlie:** Right and then everybody finds out and they're like: "Oh, I knew all along"

**Ross:** I know! It's like, if you knew, why didn't you tell me, you know? I mean, call, or leave a note: "Hi, I just dropped by to say your wife's gay"

**Charlie:** I know!

**Ross:** And then, you try to make the best of a bad situation, so you [[Friends-词汇总表#float\|float]] the idea of a [[Friends-词汇总表#threesome\|threesome]]?

**Charlie:** I didn't do that.

**Ross:** *(embarassed)* Me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]].


> [!scene] Scene: the Pharmacist convention. Joey and Rachel are walking out of it, drinking cocktails

**Joey:** Well, who knew? Pharmacists are fun.

**Rachel:** I know, that old lady at the end was ready to take you home.

**Joey:** Not enough [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pills]] in the world, Rach. What about you, you're the single one, seen anybody in there you like?

**Rachel:** Well, let's see. There was a really big guy that I was talking to, with the really nice breasts...

**Joey:** But what about back home, anything going on there? Anybody you like?

**Rachel:** *(takes a sip from her drink, embarassed)* No.

**Joey:** There it is, you're [[Friends-词汇总表#blush\|blushing]]!

**Rachel:** No, I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#blush\|blushing]], I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#sunburnt\|sunburnt]]! From, you know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]].

**Joey:** You like someone. Tell me who it is. Who is it? *(tickles her a little)*

**Rachel:** No.

**Joey:** Tell me who it is.

**Rachel:** Joey! *(she walks away; Joey goes after her teasing and tickling her)*

**Joey:** Come on who? Who do you like? Tell me. You're not getting away that easy. Who do you like, who?

**Rachel:** Joey, come on! It doesn't matter, you know, it's not like anything's gonna happen.

**Joey:** What? Why not? Rach, who can you not get?

**Rachel:** Oh! *(pause)* Ok. Ok, you really wanna know who it is?

**Joey:** *(eagerly)* Yeah, who is that?

**Rachel:** Do ya?

**Joey:** Yeah.

*(Ross and Charlie walk into the hall from Ross's room) Ross and Charlie: Hey!*

*(Joey smiles at them. Rachel looks annoyed)*

**Charlie:** *(to Joey)* I just left you a message! Ross and I were gonna go grab a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]], but now that you're here, maybe we can go have that dinner.

**Joey:** Right, of course. Hey, did you guys finish the [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]?

**Ross:** Yep, we got it, we got it. *(To Charlie)* Thank you so much.

**Charlie:** I had a great time.

**Joey:** Alright, hey look, and this isn't over, because I really wanna know who...

**Rachel:** Later! La...

**Charlie:** So, shall we?

**Joey:** Yeah. *(they leave)*

**Rachel:** Ok. See you, bye.

**Charlie:** Bye.

**Ross:** Good night.

**Joey:** Night.

*(Ross and Rachel watch them walk away and sigh. They look at each other, embarassed.) Ross and Rachel: Ok, good night!*


> [!scene] Scene: The restaurant. Chandler and Monica are sitting at a table

*(Phoebe and David walk in)*

**Monica:** I can't believe she's gonna say yes to David. She's clearly in love with Mike.

**Chandler:** You know, it's very hard to take you seriously when you look like that.

*(David and Phoebe sit down at a table close to Chandler and Monica's)*

**David:** Uh, Phoebe, uh, I have... something I wanna say.

**Monica:** Oh my God, he's gonna do it now. Please, I cannot watch this, let's go.

**Chandler:** I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? *(doing David)* "Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be [[Friends-词汇总表#honour\|honoured]], uh..." Spit it out, David!

**David:** Uh, Phoebe, uh... *(Chandler hits his own head)* you're an amazing woman, and the time we spent [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] was, was [[Friends-词汇总表#unbearable\|unbearable]]. Of course the [[Friends-词汇总表#sanitation\|sanitation]] [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|strikes]] in Minsk didn't help!

**Phoebe:** Sure, ok, yeah.

**David:** But well, now that we're together again, I don't ever want to be [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]]. So, to that end...

*(David produces the ring. At the same time, Mike walks in, behind David)*

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, Mike!

**David:** It's David, actually!

**Phoebe:** No, Mike's here.

**David:** *(turns around)* Hi Mike!

**Mike:** Hi David. Chandler. Monica... *(Looks at Monica, checking her big hair, aghast)* Oh!

**Monica:** IT'S THE HUMIDITY!

**Mike:** Hi Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** What are you, what are you doing here?

**Mike:** I have a question I need to ask you.

**David:** I have a question I was kinda gonna ask her myself.

**Mike:** Yeah, I understand, but before you do, she really needs to hear this.

**David:** *(annoyed)* Ok, would you care for my seat as well?

**Mike:** Actually yeah, that'll be great.

**David:** That's fair, you've had a long trip. *(he leaves his seat to Mike, and stands there looking for a chair. He finally goes to Monica and Chandler's table)*

**Mike:** Phoebe, I love you. I mean, I missed you so much these last few months and I thought we were [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] for a good reason, but then I [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] realized that there was no reason good enough to keep me from spending the rest of my life with you.

**David:** Kinda stepped on the [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toes]] of what I was going to say.

**Mike:** Sorry David, but she really has to know this.

**David:** Alright, but after this I want to see you outside. If the [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] stops.

**Monica:** You're the most incredible woman I've ever met. How can I lose you? *(Phoebe looks very flattered)* Now, I don't actually have a ring...

**David:** I have a ring.

**Chandler:** I wouldn't [[Friends-词汇总表#brag\|brag]] too much about that thing, big guy.

**David:** Phoebe, will you marry me?

**Phoebe:** *(smiles at him happily for a few seconds before answering)* No!

**David:** Uhm... Ha ha!

**Phoebe:** I love you. But I never needed a [[Friends-词汇总表#proposal\|proposal]] from you. I just needed to know that we were headed [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]], you know, that we had a future.

**Mike:** We can have any future you want.

*(they hold their hands, gazing at each other)*

**David:** Ok, I'm gonna take off.

**Phoebe:** David, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry.

**David:** Just so I know, if I had asked first...

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I might have said yes, but that would have been wrong.

**David:** Please, you don't have to [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]]. I mean, perhaps if I hadn't gone to Minsk things would have worked out for us. And I wouldn't have [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]] my career, or lost that [[Friends-词汇总表#toe\|toe]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#frostbite\|frostbite]]. It was a good trip! *(he leaves)*

**Mike:** Is it ok if I [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] you now?

**Phoebe:** Yes! *(they hug)*

**Monica:** *(to everybody)* BECAUSE OF OUR MEDDLING! Alright?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's room. Monica and Chandler are in bed.

**Chandler:** Oh, ain't this nice? It's so [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]], I could just lie here all day.

**Monica:** I know *(she snuggles to him)*

*(Rachel runs in)*

**Rachel:** *(walking in hurriedly)* Open your [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drapes]]! Open your drapes!

**Chandler:** I'm so glad we've got [[Friends-词汇总表#adjoin\|adjoining]] rooms!

*(Rachel opens the drapes)*

**Monica:** The sun is out!

**Chandler:** Hey! Remember when I had [[Friends-词汇总表#cornea\|corneas]]?

**Monica:** Ok listen, you go down to the pool and reserve the chairs, and I'll get the magazines and the [[Friends-词汇总表#lotion\|lotion]].

**Chandler:** Ladies? Ross's [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] is in 45 minutes.

**Rachel:** Nooo!

**Monica:** Damn it!

**Ross:** *(from across the wall)* Walls are pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]], guys!


> [!scene] Scene: Conference room. Ross is making his keynote speech

**Ross:** Then we have to [[Friends-词汇总表#await\|await]] the data from recent MRI [[Friends-词汇总表#scan\|scans]] and DNA testing which call into question information [[Friends-词汇总表#gather\|gathered]] from years of simple [[Friends-词汇总表#carbon\|carbon]] dating.

**Rachel:** Look at that woman sitting by the pool getting [[Friends-词汇总表#tan\|tan]]... so [[Friends-词汇总表#leathery\|leathery]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#wrinkle\|wrinkled]], I'm so [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]!

**Ross:** Finally, factoring the [[Friends-词汇总表#profusion\|profusion]] of new species recently [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discovered]]: Gigantosaurus, Argentinasaurus...

**Chandler:** *(to a paleontologist sitting next to him)* Not to [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] the cold [[Friends-词汇总表#sore\|sores]].

*(the paleontologist glares at Chandler)*

**Ross:** And that's just the [[Friends-词汇总表#herbivore\|herbivores]]. I'm not even gonna discuss the [[Friends-词汇总表#carnivore\|carnivores]], their heads are already too big. Which is [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]] considering their [[Friends-词汇总表#stunt\|stunted]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cerebral\|cerebral]] development.

*(all the paleontologists laugh)*

**Chandler:** *(to the one sitting next to him)* Really?

**Ross:** But all kidding [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]], in much the same way that Homo ergaster [1] is now thought to be a separate species from Homo [[Friends-词汇总表#erectus\|erectus]]...

*(Joey laughs)*

**Charlie:** What?

**Joey:** He said "[[Friends-词汇总表#erectus\|erectus]]"!

**Charlie:** You're... you're kidding, right?

**Joey:** No, he really said it.

**Ross:** ... and while there are [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vast\|vast]] differences between these Mesozoic [[Friends-词汇总表#fossiles\|fossiles]] and the example of Homo [[Friends-词汇总表#erectus\|erectus]]...

*(Rachel laughs)*

**Joey:** Erectus?

**Rachel:** Homo.


> [!scene] Scene: the hotel conference room

**Ross:** *(concluding his speech)*... in a very real way we can bring the Mesozoic [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]] into the 21st century. *(pauses)* Thank you!

*(Everybody stands up and applauds. Ross looks flattered and surprised. His friends and other members of the audience go to congratulate him)*

**Ross:** Oh, thanks guys! Man with a [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]]: *(shaking hands with Ross)* I thought... it was wonderful!

**Ross:** Oh! Man with a [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]]: Jarvis Oberblau, Cornell. *(sighs)* I mean, the ideas you put [[Friends-词汇总表#forth\|forth]] and, and from someone... so... young... and... *(sighs again and smiles at Ross blissfully)*.

**Ross:** *(with a frozen smile on his face, realizing something's wrong with Jarvis)* Ok... now... now we're just holding hands! *(pulls his hand away)*

**Rachel:** All right! Well, uh... *(to Monica)* we're gonna hit the beach?

**Monica:** Yeah!

**Rachel:** *(to Ross, in a flattering tone)* It was really... great!

**Ross:** Oh, thank you so much!

**Joey:** Yeah, and so funny!

**Rachel:** Oh!

*(Rachel, Joey and Chandler pat him on his shoulders and walk off, together with Monica)*

**Ross:** *(puzzled)* Ok!... All right, thanks! Thank you so much, you guys! *(to Phoebe)* Oh, I can't tell you how much it means to me that you were here!

**Mike:** *(popping by, smiling)* You're kidding, we wouldn't have missed it!

*(Ross is dumbfounded to see Mike instead of David)*

**Mike:** Oh... I'm back!

**Ross:** *(skating over, embarrassed)* Ok!... Uh... excuse me? Yeah? Phoebe & Mike: Yeah! *(they leave)*

*(Ross goes towards Charlie, who's conversing with a fellow paleontologist, and touches her shoulder to get her attention)*

**Ross:** Hey! *(she turns to him)* Well...? *(in expectation)*

**Charlie:** You were incredible!

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Charlie:** You blew them away!

**Ross:** Oh, I can't tell you how great it was to look at the [[Friends-词汇总表#crowd\|crowd]] and see your face! I mean... uh, did you know you were *(giggles)* [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouthing]] the words along with me?

**Charlie:** *(smiling broadly)* I was not!

**Ross:** No, it's ok! Made me feel like a rock star!

**Charlie:** Oh my God! *(pauses)* I'm your [[Friends-词汇总表#groupie\|groupie]]!

**Ross:** *(joking)* I'd better not found you naked in my hotel room!

*(Ross giggles, but Charlie isn't amused at all.)*

**Ross:** *(realizing his joke wasn't so good, but still giggling)* Look, I took it too far!


> [!scene] Scene: the hotel lobby. Monica, Phoebe, Chandler and Mike walk in from the outside.

**Monica:** *(her hair bigger then before)* I can't believe it's [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|raining]] again! Oh, it's so [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]]!!!

*(They approach the buffet, where a couple of paleontologists are sipping their drinks)*

**Phoebe:** Well, on the [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] side, now you won't have to see all these [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologists]] with their shirts off. *(Grabs a drink and notices that the two men are upset)* Not you guys. You got it going on!

*(Monica, Phoebe, Chandler and Mike walk away, sipping their drinks)*

**Monica:** So, what are we gonna do today?

**Mike:** They have a game room [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]]! Ping [[Friends-词汇总表#pong\|pong]] and stuff.

**Monica:** *(pleasantly surprised)* Ping [[Friends-词汇总表#pong\|pong]]? *(to Chandler)* Honey, they have [[Friends-词汇总表#ping\|ping]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pong\|pong]]! Let's play!

**Chandler:** I don't think so!

**Monica:** *(disappointed)* Why not?

**Chandler:** Because you know how [[Friends-词汇总表#competitive\|competitive]] you get and well, I say it's cute, others [[Friends-词汇总表#disagree\|disagree]], and I'm lying!

**Monica:** I'm not always that bad!

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah? What happened when we played last time?

**Monica:** *(hesitatingly)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punched]] you...?

**Chandler:** And...?

**Monica:** ... Phoebe...?

**Phoebe:** ... and...?

**Monica:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#clunk\|clunked]] your heads together!

*(Chandler turns to Mike and gives him a "See what I mean?" look)*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Charlie's room

*(Joey is sitting in an armchair and wearing a diving mask. He pulls out a grape from a bunch of fake grapes on the coffee table, puts it on the snorkel's breathing tube and blows it out, then giggles to himself)*

**Charlie:** *(walking in)* Hey! There you are!

**Joey:** Hey! *(stands up)* As soon as it stops [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|raining]] we have got to go [[Friends-词汇总表#snorkel\|snorkeling]]! Some kid told me about the sea [[Friends-词汇总表#turtle\|turtle]] and, if you blow [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubbles]] in its face, it [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chases]] ya! *(smiles ecstatic)*

**Charlie:** I'm sorry, I can't! I'm running a discussion group all [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]].

**Joey:** *(disappointed)* Oh... oh, but that's ok, I'll find someone else to do it... I'll do it alone, but... I don't know what happens if the sea [[Friends-词汇总表#turtle\|turtle]] catches you...

**Charlie:** You know... I feel so bad! I haven't seen you this whole trip and *(pauses)* especially last night...

**Joey:** *(interrupting her)* Hey! Don't worry about it! It was fine! I ended up having the best time with Rachel! I just felt bad for you, stuck in that room, working on Ross's [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]]... *(pulls a face)*

**Charlie:** Actually, it turned out to be a lot of fun!

**Joey:** *(bewildered)* Oh! Oh, well! At least we're both having fun!

**Charlie:** Yeah...

*(There's an awkward moment of silence)*

**Charlie:** ... is it weird that it's not with each other?

**Joey:** Yeah! A little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]], yeah...

**Charlie:** *(sitting down on the bed)* I think we need to talk...!

*(pause)*

**Joey:** Yeah... I think we do... *(sighs, with folded arms)*... about what?


> [!scene] Scene: the hotel game room. There is a ping pong table in the middle of the room. Monica, Phoebe, Chandler and Mike walk in

**Monica:** C'mon guys, it'll be fun!

**Phoebe:** All right, all right... I'll play if we don't keep score!

**Monica:** But then how do we know who wins?

**Phoebe:** Nobody wins!

**Monica:** So, we're just four [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|losers]]... SUPER!

**Chandler:** I'm not playing with you.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I'm out.

**Mike:** I'll play ya!

**Monica:** *(smiling)* OK!

**Phoebe:** Mike, you don't know, you don't know what you're doing!

**Chandler:** She gets crazy! This scar *(points to his forehead)* is from Pictionary!

*(Monica rolls her eyes)*

**Mike:** *(disbelieving)* I think I will be all right! *(to Monica)* You wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#volley\|volley]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] for a serve?

**Monica:** Sure! Got to!

*(Monica and Mike start to play ping pong. Mike scores)*

**Monica:** Aww!

**Mike:** Oh, by the way... I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]]!!

**Chandler:** *(nearly whispering)* Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] God, there's two of them!

**Mike:** You're ready to play?

**Monica:** Hell, yeah!

**Chandler:** *(to Phoebe)* Did you know this about him?

**Phoebe:** No idea! I though he was soft like you!

**Mike:** Wanna make it more interesting?

**Monica:** How much were you thinking?

**Mike:** Ten [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]] a game?

**Monica:** Make it [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]]!

**Mike:** I'll make it a hundred!

**Monica:** *(nearly shouting)* One [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]]...

**Chandler:** *(interrupting her)* OK!

**Mike:** To see who goes first, you got a quarter?

**Monica:** *(going through her pockets)* No... *(to Chandler and Phoebe)* Either of you girls got a quarter?

**Chandler:** Honey, try to focus the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] talk on him!

**Phoebe:** *(picks up a coin from her bra)* Monica, you call it.

**Monica:** Heads! No, Tails! He-he-heads!

**Phoebe:** Tails!

**Monica:** *(angry)* Ow, what are the chances!

*(They start playing again)*

**Monica:** Ha! My point!

**Mike:** Oh, no! I don't think so! You know, according to standard table [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] rules if at any time a player uses his non [[Friends-词汇总表#racket\|racket]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bearing\|bearing]] hand to touch the playing surface he or she [[Friends-词汇总表#forfeit\|forfeits]] the point.

**Phoebe:** *(smiling proudly)* He was a [[Friends-词汇总表#lawyer\|lawyer]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's hotel room. She is watching the Weather Channel on TV.

**Alexandra Steele:** *(meteorologist)* *(pointing to the East Coast)*... all these coasts having beautiful weather. In New York, it's 72 and sunny!

**Rachel:** Oh! Weather bitch! *(turns the TV off)*

*(Someone knocks on the door)*

**Rachel:** It's open! *(Joey walks in)* Hi, Joe!

**Joey:** *(downhearted)* Hey...

**Rachel:** *(worried)* What, is everything ok?

**Joey:** Uh... Charlie and I broke up.

**Rachel:** Nooooo, why?

**Joey:** Oh well, she said we have nothing in common.

**Rachel:** *(laughing)* Oh, that's crazy!

**Joey:** No, it's not, we have nothing in common!

**Rachel:** ... yeah, it's true.

**Joey:** I mean, she should be with someone like... Ross! You know what I mean, he uses all those big words too! Man, smart people are [[Friends-词汇总表#dull\|dull]]!

**Rachel:** *(pretending to be offended)* What, hey!

**Joey:** *(laughing sarcastically)* Ok, Rach!

*(He punches her on her shoulder mockingly, then goes and sits down on her bed)*

**Joey:** I feel so stupid, you know? Why... why do I keep going after the wrong girls?

**Rachel:** W-What are you, what are you talking about?

**Joey:** Oh, c'mon, I mean, there's you, then there's Charlie, and it's like... *(sighs)* What the hell is my problem? OH! *(He falls back on the bed)*

**Rachel:** Ok... uh... maybe you're not always going after the wrong girl...

**Joey:** *(sitting up again)* I'm telling you, Rach, Charlie is not right for me!

**Rachel:** Yeah, I'm not talking about her...

**Joey:** But then who? The [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] I went out with last month? *(gives her a meaningful look)*

**Rachel:** You know? Forget it!

**Joey:** *(stands up)* No-no-no-no, no! Who, who were you talking about?

**Rachel:** No, I-I-I-I don't, I actually don't know who I'm talking about! So!

**Joey:** Ok! All right, well... I'm gonna see if I can get a room for the night and I'll... I'll see you later!

**Rachel:** Yeah, sure!

*(Joey walks out, while Rachel is pensive. Once he's out of her room, he suddenly realizes who she was talking about and goes back in. He looks at her in disbelief and she looks like she was caught red-handed)*


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's hotel room. Joey is standing at the door, facing Rachel

**Joey:** You like me? *(shuts the door)*

**Rachel:** *(nearly whispering)* Ok, let's not make a big thing about this!

**Joey:** *(shocked)* That's a huge thing!

**Rachel:** Not working with me, Joe! Here's the thing: [[Friends-词汇总表#lately\|lately]] I have been having thoughts *(pauses)* [[Friends-词汇总表#musing\|musings]], if you will!

**Joey:** What... for how long?

**Rachel:** Only like a month!

**Joey:** *(outraged)* A MONTH??

**Rachel:** What the... DIAL IT DOWN! *(Joey goes to sit on the bed)* Listen, ok, and maybe they're crazy thoughts, but sometimes I do, I have, I've been thinking about... you know, us! *(looks at Joey, who's totally distraught)* Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] it up a little!

**Joey:** *(stands up)* I just have one question!

**Rachel:** Shoot!

**Joey:** *(desperate)* What the hell are you doin'???

**Rachel:** I don't know, I'm not trying to do anything, it's just, we have such a good time when we're together, you know... I mean, aren't you just a... little [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]]... *(insinuating)* what that would be like?...

**Joey:** Uh, am I [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]]? I mean, I am as curious as... as... George!!

**Rachel:** *(puzzled)* Who...?

**Joey:** CURIOUS GEORGE *(see link)*! You know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]], and the guy with the yellow hat!

**Rachel:** Oh yes, of course, I remember him!

**Joey:** Yeah, he had a paper [[Friends-词汇总表#route\|route]].

**Rachel:** Yeah, he did! *(smiling)* Oh, see, this is what I'm talking about!

**Joey:** No, I know, yeah I know we're great but Rach no... this... this can't happen!

**Rachel:** But can it... just... happen a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]?

**Joey:** *(charmed, but then recoiling)* NO, NO! It can't happen at all!

**Rachel:** But why, why not?

**Joey:** Because... look, no one wants this to happen more than me, ok? *(in a trembling voice)* I have gone over this moment in my head a hundred times and not once did I ever say no! *(sighs)* I couldn't do it to Ross!

**Rachel:** But that wasn't gonna stop you before!

**Joey:** I know, I know! But I've thought about it a lot since, and it just wouldn't be right... *(painfully)* I'm sorry...!

**Rachel:** *(regretful)* I'm sorry, too! *(they look at each other sadly, then she recollects, and puts her hands over her eyes)* OH GOD! I shouldn't have said anything!

**Joey:** NO! No-no-no-no-no-no! Hey! Hey, we'll be fine! Li... hey, like you said: no big deal!

**Rachel:** It's not a big deal!

**Joey:** NO BIG DEAL!

**Rachel:** It's so not a big deal!

**Joey:** Yeah! I'll see ya later! Yeah!

**Rachel:** Ok!

*(They shake hands, he walks out and shuts the door, then seems to change his mind, moves to open the door, than changes his mind again and leans over the door. Just then, Rachel opens the door)*

**Rachel:** Ok, I...

*(Joey falls backwards into the room)*

**Rachel:** AAAHHHH!

*(Joey hurriedly stands up, arms akimbo, gives her an embarrassed look and walks away)*


> [!scene] Scene: the hotel game room. Monica and Mike are still playing ping pong

**Monica:** Ooh! I'm sorry! I think, I THINK, that may have missed the table!

**Mike:** Do you?

**Monica:** Ah, yeah!

**Mike:** Do you?

**Monica:** Ah, yeaaah!

**Mike:** DO YOU?

**Monica:** AH YEAAAAH!

**Chandler:** *(to Phoebe)* Do you really find this [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] on him?

**Phoebe:** *(looking at Mike)* Oh, yeah! *(turning to Chandler)* Are you telling me you... you're not even... a little turned on by Monica, right now?

*(Chandler turns to look at Monica, who has the biggest hair ever, is flushed and in a sweat, and is decidedly sniffing her armpits)*

**Chandler:** I think this is the first time in our [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] that I've felt like the more [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] one.

**Phoebe:** C'mon Mike, you can [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] her! Knock that dog off her head!

*(Mike scores)*

**Monica:** Oh, damn it!

**Phoebe:** *(pointing at Mike and shouting)* I sleep with him!

**Mike:** *(boasting)* Game, point!

**Monica:** *(threatening)* Don't get too [[Friends-词汇总表#cocky\|cocky]]! Remember I won the last one! Oh, by the way, how did that feel, losing to a girl?

**Mike:** You know, you should really look in a [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] before you call yourself that.

*(they continue to play ping pong and then Mike scores, winning the game)*

**Monica:** NO, NO, NOOO!

**Mike:** And that's how it's done! *(Phoebe kisses him)*

**Chandler:** Okay-dokay, you've each won a game and I've lost what's felt like a year of my life. So everybody goes home a [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]].

**Monica:** Best out of three?

**Mike:** That's what I'm thinking.

**Chandler:** Should I use my [[Friends-词汇总表#invisibility\|invisibility]] to fight crime or for [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]]?

**Monica:** *(to Mike)* Serve the ball, [[Friends-词汇总表#chump\|chump]]!

**Mike:** *(doing Monica and mumbling)*: Serve the ball, [[Friends-词汇总表#chump\|chump]].

**Phoebe:** *(to Mike)* Ok Mike, better come back Mike, better come back.


> [!scene] Scene: hotel's bar, Ross and Mr. Oberblau are talking] Mr. Oberblau: I'm just saying, I have a cabin in the Adirondacks if you ever want to get away from the city, well, that'd be (pause) just nifty!

**Ross:** Ooh, well. Ah, I kinda have got a lot on my [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] right now, not that I wouldn't love a weekend in the country with a [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] man. *(Mr. Oberblau giggles)*

**Woman:** Jarvis? Mr. Oberblau: *(seeing her)* Oh, you're back... *(to Ross)* this is my wife, Nancy.

**Ross:** Get Out!

*(Charlie walks by)*

**Charlie:** Ross, can I talk to you for a minute?

**Ross:** Yes, please! *(they move and sit down on a sofa)* So, what's going on?

**Charlie:** Uh, well... Joey and I broke up.

**Ross:** Oh my God, wh-what happened?

**Charlie:** Joey is a great guy, but we're just... so different! I mean, during your [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] he kept laughing at [[Friends-词汇总表#homo\|homo]] [[Friends-词汇总表#erectus\|erectus]]!

**Ross:** I knew that was him!

**Charlie:** Anyway I just, uh, I think it's for the best.

**Ross:** *(holding her hand)* Hey, you ok?

**Charlie:** I guess. There was [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]]... *(she breathes deeply)* there was another reason that I thought it was time to end it with Joey. I started to realize that I was having [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for someone *(pause)* else.

*(some paleontologists interrupt them)*

**Paleontologist:** *(merrily)* Ok Geller. Last day of the conference, you know what happens to the [[Friends-词汇总表#keynote\|keynote]] [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]].

**Ross:** Oh, professor Clerk we're kind of in the middle of a [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]], here.

**Charlie:** Yeah, can you guys just throw him in the pool later?

**Professore Clerk:** Or we could throw you both in now!

**Ross:** *(standing)* Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]]! Please! Aren't we a little old for this? I mean, we're [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientists]], right? We're academics. And most [[Friends-词汇总表#importantly\|importantly]] I... you-you will have to catch us first. *(he starts to run away with Charlie)*. GO, GO, GO! *(the paleontologists starts chasing them)*


> [!scene] Scene: game room, Monica and Mike are still playing ping pong

*(Chandler and Phoebe look bored to death. Monica scores and laughs)*

**Mike:** Ok, so it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] again, 41 to 41.

**Chandler:** *(exhausted)* Ok, look! Enough is enough!

**Monica:** No, I have just to have two more points to [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] him!

**Chandler:** Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is [[Friends-词汇总表#blister\|blistered]], you can [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] stand, your hair is [[Friends-词汇总表#inexplicable\|inexplicable]]! Ok, you've already [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|proven]] you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservations]], so now let's just go [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]], order room service, take a shower and [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]] your head!

**Monica:** I can't just walk away! I've put in four hours!

**Chandler:** But...

**Monica:** Look! You knew this about me when you married me! You agreed to take me in [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] and in health. Well, this is my sickness!

**Chandler:** What about the [[Friends-词汇总表#obsessive\|obsessive]] cleaning?

**Monica:** That's just good sense!

*(they start playing again; suddenly Monica hits the table with her hand)*

**Monica:** *(in pain)* Aww! *(she holds her hand, moaning like she's biting back a scream)*

**Chandler:** You ok?

**Monica:** No, no, no. Honey, I'm ok. Shake it off! *(she shakes the wrist and it's more painful)* Oh, no! No [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shaking]], no shaking! Ooh! Ooh! *(pause)* Oh my God! I can't play!

**Mike:** So you [[Friends-词汇总表#forfeit\|forfeit]]?

**Phoebe:** Mike wins?

**Monica:** I can't believe it! *(pause)* I lost!

**Chandler:** No, you didn't.

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** Because I'm gonna play for ya.

**Phoebe:** You can't do that!

**Mike:** Oh, that's ok. I don't care which of them I [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]].

**Phoebe:** Ok, we're taking that [[Friends-词汇总表#paddle\|paddle]] home, [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]].

**Monica:** *(to Chandler)* Honey, you don't have to do this.

**Chandler:** *(In a loving voice)* Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so [[Friends-词汇总表#badly\|badly]], but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you.

**Monica:** But... you suck!

**Chandler:** *(Still in a loving voice)* You're welcome, [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetheart\|sweetheart]].

*(Chandler prepares to play)*

**Chandler:** All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins.

**Mike:** Ok!

*(They start playing and Chandler does not suck at all)*

**Monica:** Oh my God! You're good!

**Phoebe:** It's like watching porn!

*(Chandler scores and wins the match)*

**Chandler:** And that's... how... it's done!

**Monica:** *(to Chandler)* Oh my God. That was so amazing! When did you *(pause)* Hold on! I almost forgot *(she turns to Mike)* [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]]! *(back to Chandler)* When did you stop sucking?

**Chandler:** I never sucked, I actually didn't want you to know how good I was!

**Monica:** Why?

**Chandler:** I don't know.

**Monica:** This is so great! Now we can enter into doubles [[Friends-词汇总表#tournament\|tournaments]]!

**Chandler:** That's why!


> [!scene] Scene: Hotel's bar. Ross is running to Charlie trying not to be seen with two cocktails in his hands. She's hidden behind a huge plant

**Charlie:** Thanks!

**Ross:** Hi.

**Charlie:** Are they still looking for us?

**Ross:** Yeah. The [[Friends-词汇总表#bartender\|bartender]] said that they [[Friends-词汇总表#split\|split]] up into two search parties, the [[Friends-词汇总表#herbivore\|herbivores]] and the [[Friends-词汇总表#carnivore\|carnivores]]. *(pause)* You know, we as a group are not the [[Friends-词汇总表#coolest\|coolest]].

*(Three paleontologists walk by and Ross hugs Charlie trying not to be seen)*

**Ross:** I don't think they saw us.

**Charlie:** I don't think they did.

*(They realize that they are hugging closely and he draws back)*

**Charlie:** Hum, so, I started to say you something earlier, [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]]... *(pause)* There was another reason I realized it was time to end it with Joey. I kind of realized I... was starting to have [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]]... for someone else.

**Ross:** *(apparently unruffled)* Oh. Can I... can I ask who?

**Charlie:** I think you know.

**Ross:** I think I know too but I've been really wrong about this stuff in the past, so...

*(Charlie kisses Ross, they stop for a moment and then he kisses her back)*

**Ross:** I'm sorry... we... we can't.

**Charlie:** All right, all right.

**Ross:** I mean, you just went out with my best friend, and I just think it'd be a really really bad idea. *(pause)* Or-or not! *(they kiss passionately)*

*(Joey walks in and sees Ross and Charlie kissing. He gives a faint, rueful smile, then he seems to recollect something and suddenly he moves back to Rachel's room. He knocks on her door and she opens)*

**Rachel:** What?

*(Joey says nothing, but enters the room and kisses her. They are kissing passionately only to stop for a brief "oh" from Rachel. They continue their passionate kiss and Joey closes the door with his foot and it shuts in the camera's "face". And that's the end of the ninth season.)*


---

**End**


> [!scene] 1] Homo ergaster: Some scientists classify some African erectus specimens as belonging to a separate species, Homo ergaster, which differs from the Asian H. erectus fossils in some details of the skull (e.g. the brow ridges differ in shape, and erectus would have a larger brain size).





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 7 | 385 | 206 | *I think I've been recognized, this happens all the time!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 5 | 422 | 131 | *Oh, because his penis was too big.  Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do.  They broke up bec* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 5 | 215 | 100 | *But maybe we can have dinner later? On the balcony? Will be romantic.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 4 | 376 | 86 | *Doctor Geller, I'm such a huge fan!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 4 | 253 | 119 | *I'm sooo sorry!! I just... I keep thinking about Mike! I'm crazy about David, and we're having so mu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *I guess, in time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *Chandler, we have talked about this. You are not supposed to give people advice! Now couldn't you ju* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *I'm so bored! Stupid rain, we... we can't do anything.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 3 | 162 | 106 | *Yes, but I did make a pyramid out of the bath products. This is amazing, thank you, thank you so muc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 3 | 88 | 74 | *Phoebe, I love you. I mean, I missed you so much these last few months and I thought we were apart f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 3 | 211 | 141 | *But all kidding aside, in much the same way that Homo ergaster [1] is now thought to be a separate s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 3 | 199 | 123 | *Hell, yeah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 2 | 116 | 71 | *Mike is your ex... uh... boyfriend!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Well, Phoebe's still pretty hung up on that Mike, uh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously, we're gonna do this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 2 | 219 | 150 | *I'm sorry, uh... I just wish I could make her forget about Mike already, you know... Why did Phoebe * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *Well, you're welcome! Glad I could help.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doin\|doin]] |  | n. (Doin)人名；(俄)多因；(法)杜万 |  | 2 | 92 | 56 | *Yeah! How you doin'? Yeah alright!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Hey, hey! You said you're gonna wear a thong, where's the thong?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Oh... you got yourself a very weird deal!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *Hey don't worry about that! I mean, Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Hey don't worry about that! I mean, Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Oh, this is such a cute picture of Emma. And is this your son... or just some kid whose picture you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Ok. See you, bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 2 | 60 | 51 | *You're the most incredible woman I've ever met. How can I lose you?  Now, I don't actually have a ri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 2 | 75 | 55 | *Damn it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 2 | 76 | 53 | *I'll make it a hundred!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that blanket * |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to introduce you to my colleague, uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *No, God, no! No! No no, I'm an actor. You'd probably recognize me from a little show called "The Day* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *That's right! Oh, yeah... Well, I've totally forgotten about im! AH! That's-That's... a blast from t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Why not? It's brilliant!  Goodbye Mike, we'll see you at the wedding, fella!  well, we probably won'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Oh I can't... I have seminars all day and I promised Ross I would look at his speech.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Chandler, we have talked about this. You are not supposed to give people advice! Now couldn't you ju* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Ooh! You guys are so lucky you are here with people, you known it's such a romantic place. That's al* |

### 常用词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] | /spi:tʃ/ | n. 演讲, 说话, 谈话, 言语, 引语, 民族语言 | n. (language) communication by word of mouth | 14 | 45 | 22 | *Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] | /prә'pәuz/ | vt. 计划, 打算, 建议, 提议, 求(婚) | v. make a proposal, declare a plan for something | 7 | 33 | 17 | *That's great! That's great! I-I'll propose to her!* |
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 6 | 165 | 26 | *Uh, uh... Sure! Uhm... "Dear..."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 5 | 43 | 30 | *Wha...? You're gonna go now? I thought we could hang out?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rain\|rain]] | /rein/ | n. 雨, 下雨, 雨天 | n. water falling in drops from vapor condensed in the atmosphere | 5 | 21 | 18 | *What's with the rain, Geller? I mean, when I signed up for Dino Week, nobody said anything about it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#certainly\|certainly]] | /'sә:tәnli/ | adv. 确定地 | r definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely') | 4 | 31 | 24 | *Oh, certainly. That's a combination of Bernoulli's principle and Newton's third law of motion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 4 | 76 | 44 | *I mean, my feelings for Richard are certainly gone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 4 | 93 | 40 | *Oh, because his penis was too big.  Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do.  They broke up bec* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 4 | 35 | 29 | *Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could beat Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to ge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 3 | 53 | 40 | *Uh, uh... Sure! Uhm... "Dear..."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] | /ә'pɑ:t/ | adv. 成零碎, 成距离, 分别地, 分离着 | s. remote and separate physically or socially | 3 | 19 | 15 | *Uh, Phoebe, uh...  you're an amazing woman, and the time we spent apart was, was unbearable. Of cour* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 3 | 31 | 22 | *Oh, thanks guys! Man with a bow tie:  I thought... it was wonderful!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lecture\|lecture]] | /'lektʃә/ | n. 演讲, 谴责, 讲稿 | n. a speech that is open to the public | 2 | 15 | 10 | *Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]] | /'saiәntist/ | n. 科学家 | n. a person with advanced knowledge of one or more sciences | 2 | 21 | 15 | *Oh, right, because he's a scientist!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 古生物学者 | n. a specialist in paleontology | 2 | 18 | 14 | *Look at all these paleontologists!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dig\|dig]] | /dig/ | vt. 挖, 翻土, 发掘 | n. the site of an archeological exploration | 2 | 17 | 15 | *"... Sarah. I dig you", Uh? "Doctor Ross Geller".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 2 | 48 | 38 | *David, can you help me?! I'm trying to explain to Chandler how a plane stays in the air.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penis\|penis]] | /'pi:nis/ | n. 阳物, 阴茎 | n. the male organ of copulation (`member' is a euphemism) | 2 | 16 | 13 | *Oh, because his penis was too big.  Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do.  They broke up bec* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 2 | 37 | 29 | *You're never going to guess who I just saw downstairs!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#romantic\|romantic]] | /rәu'mæntik/ | a. 浪漫的, 风流的, 传奇性的, 夸大的, 空想的, 浪漫派的 | n. a soulful or amorous idealist | 2 | 47 | 36 | *But maybe we can have dinner later? On the balcony? Will be romantic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swim\|swim]] | /swim/ | n. 游泳, 漂浮, 潮流, 眩晕 | v. travel through water | 2 | 16 | 12 | *There's an indoor pool, you can swim there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 2 | 23 | 22 | *Ok, I'm sensing that this is some kind of word play, because you are pink with barely controlled gle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] | /fæn'tæstik/ | a. 奇妙的, 稀奇的, 空想的 | s. extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 2 | 23 | 21 | *Wow? Really? That's fantastic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]] | /'tʃɒkәlit/ | n. 巧克力 | n. a food made from roasted ground cacao beans | 2 | 27 | 17 | *Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be constantly interrupted by * |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 2 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 2 | 57 | 45 | *Look, if Phoebe wants to marry David, she should, I'm not gonna stand in the way of that and neither* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 2 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo!* |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 2 | 62 | 45 | *Aww!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tail]] | /teil/ | n. 尾部, 后部, 辫子, 随员, 特务, 燕尾服, 踪迹, 限定继承(权) | n. the posterior part of the body of a vertebrate especially when elongated and  | 2 | 16 | 12 | *Heads! No, Tails! He-he-heads!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dial\|dial]] | /'daiәl/ | n. 刻度盘, 钟面, 转盘 | n. the face of a timepiece; graduated to show the hours | 2 | 21 | 14 | *What the... DIAL IT DOWN!  Listen, ok, and maybe they're crazy thoughts, but sometimes I do, I have,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 2 | 22 | 20 | *Do you really find this attractive on him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sickness\|sickness]] | /'siknis/ | n. 疾病, 不健康, 呕吐 | n. defectiveness or unsoundness | 2 | 17 | 11 | *Look! You knew this about me when you married me! You agreed to take me in sickness and in health. W* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shake]] | /ʃeik/ | n. 摇动, 震动 | v. move or cause to move back and forth | 2 | 29 | 21 | *No, no, no. Honey, I'm ok. Shake it off!  Oh, no! No shaking, no shaking! Ooh! Ooh!  Oh my God! I ca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Oh, that's right!  Daddy and uncle Joey are going on a trip today. We're going to a conference in Ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n. the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 1 | 19 | 13 | *Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#folk\|folk]] | /fәuk/ | n. 人们, 家人, 亲属, 民族 | n. people in general (often used in the plural) | 1 | 11 | 10 | *I know, there are gonna be some pasty folks by the pool tomorrow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recognize\|recognize]] | /'rekәgnaiz/ | vt. 认出, 认可, 承认, 公认, 识别, 赏识 | v. be fully aware or cognizant of | 1 | 11 | 10 | *I think I've been recognized, this happens all the time!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to introduce you to my colleague, uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 1 | 58 | 20 | *Ok, Ross! It's... It's fun, yeah! No, I-I play Doctor Drake Ramoray.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 1 | 67 | 27 | *David, can you help me?! I'm trying to explain to Chandler how a plane stays in the air.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *Oh, I should go, too. Oh, now... tomorrow do you guys wanna share a cab to the airport or should Mik* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *It's ok. Ho-honest mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refer\|refer]] | /ri'fә:/ | vt. 提交, 归诸于, 把...提交, 使求助于 | v. be relevant to | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Really, it doesn't mean anything. I mean, you know, Monica refers to Chandler as Richard all the tim* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 1 | 33 | 27 | *I'm sooo sorry!! I just... I keep thinking about Mike! I'm crazy about David, and we're having so mu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 53 | 42 | *David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] | /'briljәnt/ | a. 光辉的, 灿烂的, 有才气的 | s. of surpassing excellence | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Why not? It's brilliant!  Goodbye Mike, we'll see you at the wedding, fella!  well, we probably won'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *Why not? It's brilliant!  Goodbye Mike, we'll see you at the wedding, fella!  well, we probably won'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fella\|fella]] | /felә/ | n. 小伙子；[俚]伙伴, 伙计 | n a boy or man | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Why not? It's brilliant!  Goodbye Mike, we'll see you at the wedding, fella!  well, we probably won'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *David, I'm pretending to read here!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]] | /'bælkәni/ | n. 阳台, 戏院楼厅 | n. an upper floor projecting from the rear over the main floor in an auditorium | 1 | 22 | 11 | *But maybe we can have dinner later? On the balcony? Will be romantic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] | /tʌn/ | n. 吨 | n a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Yeah, yeah. I've got tons of stuff I could do. I'm gonna hit the beach, go swimming...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *I wasn't gonna swim, I was gonna dig a hole!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]] | /hint/ | n. 暗示, 提示 | n. an indirect suggestion | 1 | 14 | 13 | *I do! Want a hint? huh? "I do"  "I do".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] | /.inә'prәupriәt/ | a. 不适当的, 不相称的 | a. not suitable for a particular occasion etc | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Chandler, we have talked about this. You are not supposed to give people advice! Now couldn't you ju* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#famous\|famous]] | /'feimәs/ | a. 出名的, 极好的 | s widely known and esteemed | 1 | 25 | 15 | *Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *Alright, I don't wanna alarm anybody, but Monica's hair is twice as big as it was when we landed!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honeymoon\|honeymoon]] | /'hʌnimu:n/ | n. 蜜月, 蜜月假期 | n. a holiday taken by a newly married couple | 1 | 32 | 14 | *That's why our honeymoon photos look like me and Diana Ross!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Oh! David, get one for us too! Oh, oh, and see if they have a heart-shaped one! And with mirrors on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] | /in'geidʒdmәnt/ | n. 诺言, 约会, 婚约, 交战 | n. employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited perio | 1 | 26 | 13 | *Tonight?!  Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond?  Oh, there it is!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fail\|fail]] | /feil/ | vi. 失败, 缺乏, 中断, 衰退, 失灵 | v. fail to do something; leave something undone | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Yeah, well, being a failed scientist doesn't pay quite as well as you might think. That's uhm... one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *Are you leaving "The Supremes"?  MOnica: Ok, my husband just gave your boyfriend some very bad advic* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] | /ail/ | n. 走廊, 侧廊, 过道 | n. a long narrow passage (as in a cave or woods) | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Oh, ok, you want me to marry Mike? Alright, well, let's just gag him and handcuff him and force him * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interrupt\|interrupt]] | /.intә'rʌpt/ | vt. 中断, 妨碍, 插嘴 | n. a signal that temporarily stops the execution of a program so that another pr | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be constantly interrupted by * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be constantly interrupted by * |

### 低频词（78）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mesozoic\|mesozoic]] | /.mesәu'zәuik/ | n. 中生代 | n. from 230 million to 63 million years ago | 5 | 7 | 2 | *By using CT scans and computer imaging we can in a very real way, bring the Mesozoic era into the 21* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homo\|homo]] | /'hәumәu/ | [化] 最高占据轨道 | n. any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superio | 5 | 9 | 3 | *But all kidding aside, in much the same way that Homo ergaster [1] is now thought to be a separate s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erectus\|erectus]] |  | a. 直立的 |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *But all kidding aside, in much the same way that Homo ergaster [1] is now thought to be a separate s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barbados\|barbados]] | /bɑ:'beidәus/ | n. 巴巴多斯(岛) | n. a parliamentary democracy on the island of Barbados; former British colony; a | 4 | 13 | 6 | *Oh, that's right!  Daddy and uncle Joey are going on a trip today. We're going to a conference in Ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thong\|thong]] | /θɒ:ŋ/ | vt. 装皮带, 用皮鞭打 | n. underpants resembling a G-string; worn by women especially under very tight p | 4 | 10 | 7 | *Hey, hey! You said you're gonna wear a thong, where's the thong?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#era\|era]] | /'iәrә/ | n. 时代, 纪元, 时期 | n. a period marked by distinctive character or reckoned from a fixed point or ev | 4 | 13 | 4 | *By using CT scans and computer imaging we can in a very real way, bring the Mesozoic era into the 21* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curious\|curious]] | /'kjuәriәs/ | a. 好奇的, 求知的, 古怪的 | s. beyond or deviating from the usual or expected | 4 | 12 | 8 | *I don't know, I'm not trying to do anything, it's just, we have such a good time when we're together* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minsk\|minsk]] | /minsk/ | n. 明斯克（白俄罗斯首都） | n. the capital of Belarus and of the Commonwealth of Independent States | 3 | 27 | 5 | *No, no, because, you know, he's been in Minsk for 8 years and if he gets too much direct sunlight, h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#keynote\|keynote]] | /'ki:nәut/ | n. 主调音, 基音, 基调 | n. the principal theme in a speech or literary work | 3 | 7 | 2 | *I've been following your career for years, I-I can't wait for your keynote speech.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sarah\|sarah]] | /'sєәrә/ | n. 萨拉(<<圣经>>故事人物) | n. (Old Testament) the wife of Abraham and mother of Isaac | 3 | 14 | 6 | *Sarah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humidity\|humidity]] | /hju:'miditi/ | n. 湿气, 潮湿, 湿度 | n. wetness in the atmosphere | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Ok! When I go places with high humidity, it gets a little extra body, ok?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meddle\|meddle]] | /'medl/ | vi. 干涉, 干预, 擅自摸弄 | v. intrude in other people's affairs or business; interfere unwantedly | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Phoebe is going to say "Yes" to David. See, that's what happens when you meddle in people's lives!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ping\|ping]] | /piŋ/ | n. 砰(子弹击中时的声音), 报时的最后一声, 声脉冲 | n. a river in western Thailand; a major tributary of the Chao Phraya | 3 | 4 | 2 | *They have a game room downstairs! Ping pong and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pong\|pong]] | /pɒŋ/ | n. 恶臭 | n an unpleasant smell | 3 | 5 | 3 | *They have a game room downstairs! Ping pong and stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]] | /hʌm/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 哼声, 杂声 | n. a humming noise | 3 | 17 | 7 | *I guess. There was hum...  there was another reason that I thought it was time to end it with Joey. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seminar\|seminar]] | /'seminɑ:/ | n. 研究班, 专题讨论会 | n. any meeting for an exchange of ideas | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blanket\|blanket]] | /'blæŋkit/ | n. 毛毯, 毯子 | n. bedding that keeps a person warm in bed | 2 | 11 | 9 | *All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that blanket * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invisibility\|invisibility]] | /in.vizә'biliti/ | n. 看不见, 难觉察的, 看不见的东西 | n. the quality of not being perceivable by the eye | 2 | 2 | 1 | *It's a blanket Joe, not a cloak of invisibility!* |
| britney |  | n. 布兰妮（女歌手） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh! ah! eh... Britney Spears!?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spear\|spear]] | /spiә/ | n. 矛, 枪, 持矛者, 嫩枝 | n. a long pointed rod used as a tool or weapon | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh! ah! eh... Britney Spears!?* |
| kenneth |  | n. 肯尼思（男子名）；[古]英俊的领导者 |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Yeah, she never misses these conferences!  No, I just saw Dr. Kenneth Schwartz!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#schwartz\|schwartz]] | /ʃwɑ:ts/ | n. 施瓦兹（姓氏）；史华兹（姓氏） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yeah, she never misses these conferences!  No, I just saw Dr. Kenneth Schwartz!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scan\|scan]] | /skæn/ | n. 审视, 浏览, 扫描, 细查 | n. the act of scanning; systematic examination of a prescribed region | 2 | 4 | 3 | *By using CT scans and computer imaging we can in a very real way, bring the Mesozoic era into the 21* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teapot\|teapot]] | /'ti:pɒt/ | n. 茶壶 | n. pot for brewing tea; usually has a spout and handle | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh what, did someone outbid you for the teapot?  Oh! Secret teapot?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anna\|anna]] | /'ænә/ | n. 安娜（女子名） | n. a former copper coin of Pakistan and India | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Nude... ... pictures of Anna Kournikova. I'm so sorry.* |
| kournikova |  | [网络] 康妮可娃；古妮高娃 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Nude... ... pictures of Anna Kournikova. I'm so sorry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carbon\|carbon]] | /'kɑ:bәn/ | n. 碳, 副本, 复写纸 | n. an abundant nonmetallic tetravalent element occurring in three allotropic for | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Alright, ok, let's do it.  Uhm, I know we start by discussing the shortcomings of carbon dating... u* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meddler\|meddler]] | /'medlә/ | n. 爱管闲事的人, 干涉者 | n. an officious annoying person who interferes with others | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oooooooh! Meddler! Meddler!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convention\|convention]] | /kәn'venʃәn/ | n. 大会, 协定, 惯例, 约定 | n. a large formal assembly | 2 | 4 | 3 | *I'm sorry sir, these are for the pharmaceutical convention* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pharmacist\|pharmacist]] | /'fɑ:mәsist/ | n. 药师, 药品商, 药商, 药剂师 | n. a health professional trained in the art of preparing and dispensing drugs | 2 | 9 | 5 | *We can't. We're not pharmacists!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miller\|miller]] | /'milә/ | n. 厂主, 蛾 | n. United States bandleader of a popular big band (1909-1944) | 2 | 18 | 3 | *Kate Miller?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tennis\|tennis]] | /'tenis/ | n. 网球 | n. a game played with rackets by two or four players who hit a ball back and for | 2 | 12 | 8 | *Didn't you feel so stupid that you didn't see the signs? My fiancé was always going away on these lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blush\|blush]] | /blʌʃ/ | vi. 脸红, 羞愧 | n. sudden reddening of the face (as from embarrassment or guilt or shame or mode | 2 | 3 | 2 | *There it is, you're blushing!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drape\|drape]] | /dreip/ | n. 布帘, 褶皱 | n. the manner in which fabric hangs or falls | 2 | 12 | 5 | *Open your drapes! Open your drapes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herbivore\|herbivore]] | /'hә:bivɒ:/ | n. 草食动物 | n. any animal that feeds chiefly on grass and other plants | 2 | 2 | 1 | *And that's just the herbivores. I'm not even gonna discuss the carnivores, their heads are already t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carnivore\|carnivore]] | /'kɑ:nivɒ:/ | n. 食肉动物 | n. a terrestrial or aquatic flesh-eating mammal | 2 | 3 | 2 | *And that's just the herbivores. I'm not even gonna discuss the carnivores, their heads are already t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] | /bәu.bau/ | n. 弓, 眼睛框 | n. a knot with two loops and loose ends; used to tie shoelaces | 2 | 9 | 6 | *Oh, thanks guys! Man with a bow tie:  I thought... it was wonderful!* |
| jarvis | /'dʒɑ:vis/ | n. 贾维斯(m.) |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh! Man with a bow tie: Jarvis Oberblau, Cornell.  I mean, the ideas you put forth and, and from som* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turtle\|turtle]] | /'tә:tl/ | n. 海龟 | n. any of various aquatic and land reptiles having a bony shell and flipper-like | 2 | 8 | 6 | *Hey!  As soon as it stops raining we have got to go snorkeling! Some kid told me about the sea turtl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chump\|chump]] | /tʃʌmp/ | n. 大木块, (羊)腰臀部的肉, 傻瓜 | n. a person who is gullible and easy to take advantage of | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Serve the ball, chump!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sunlight\|sunlight]] | /'sʌnlait/ | n. 日光 | n. the rays of the sun | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, because, you know, he's been in Minsk for 8 years and if he gets too much direct sunlight, h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#naturally\|naturally]] | /'nætʃәrәli/ | adv. 自然地, 以自然力, 天生地 | r. as might be expected | 1 | 5 | 5 | *All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that blanket * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cloak\|cloak]] | /klәuk/ | n. 斗蓬, 大氅, 掩护 | n. anything that covers or conceals | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's a blanket Joe, not a cloak of invisibility!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pasty\|pasty]] | /'peisti. 'pæsti/ | a. 面糊似的, (脸色)苍白的, 软弱的 | n. small meat pie or turnover | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know, there are gonna be some pasty folks by the pool tomorrow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flatter]] | /'flætә/ | vt. 奉承, 阿谀, 使高兴 | v. praise somewhat dishonestly | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Wow! This is very flattering, uh...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#autograph\|autograph]] | /'ɒ:tәugrɑ:f/ | n. 亲笔, 亲笔签名, 手稿 | n. something written by one's own hand | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I would love your autograph.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colleague\|colleague]] | /'kɒli:g/ | n. 同事, 同僚 | n. an associate that one works with | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to introduce you to my colleague, uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wheeler\|wheeler]] | /'hwi:lә/ | n. 旋转物, 推车人, 车轮制造人, 辕马, 精明的政客 | n. Scottish archaeologist (1890-1976) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to introduce you to my colleague, uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#combination\|combination]] | /.kɒmbi'neiʃәn/ | n. 组合, 合并, 联合 | n. a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate par | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh, certainly. That's a combination of Bernoulli's principle and Newton's third law of motion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bernoulli\|bernoulli]] | /bә:'nu:li/ | 柏努利(Daniel, 1700-1782, 瑞士物理学家, 数学家) | n Swiss physicist who contributed to hydrodynamics and mathematical physics (170 | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, certainly. That's a combination of Bernoulli's principle and Newton's third law of motion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#principle\|principle]] | /'prinsipl/ | n. 原则, 原理, 主义 | n. a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a bas | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Oh, certainly. That's a combination of Bernoulli's principle and Newton's third law of motion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#newton\|newton]] | /'nju:tn/ | n. 牛顿 | n. English mathematician and physicist; remembered for developing the calculus a | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, certainly. That's a combination of Bernoulli's principle and Newton's third law of motion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blast\|blast]] | /blæst/ | n. 一阵风, 爆炸, 枯萎病 | n. a very long fly ball | 1 | 7 | 7 | *That's right! Oh, yeah... Well, I've totally forgotten about im! AH! That's-That's... a blast from t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#topping\|topping]] | /'tɒpiŋ/ | a. 极好的, 主要的, 一流的 | n. a flavorful addition on top of a dish | 1 | 2 | 2 | *David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sensation\|sensation]] | /sen'seiʃәn/ | n. 感觉, 轰动 | n. an unelaborated elementary awareness of stimulation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sincerely\|sincerely]] | /sin'siәli/ | adv. 真诚地 | r. with sincerity; without pretense | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Why not? It's brilliant!  Goodbye Mike, we'll see you at the wedding, fella!  well, we probably won'* |
| kenny | /'keni/ | n. 肯尼（姓氏） |  | 1 | 9 | 3 | *You could say: "Hey Kenny, how come you're not Britney Spears?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#indoor\|indoor]] | /'indɒ:/ | a. 户内的, 室内的 | a. located, suited for, or taking place within a building | 1 | 2 | 2 | *There's an indoor pool, you can swim there!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glee\|glee]] | /gli:/ | n. 欢乐, 高兴 | n great merriment | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, I'm sensing that this is some kind of word play, because you are pink with barely controlled gle* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recover\|recover]] | /ri'kʌvә/ | vt. 重新获得, 恢复, 复原, 拯救 | v. get or find back; recover the use of | 1 | 4 | 4 | *They've only been going out for a few weeks and Phoebe is completely hung up on Mike! She'll say "No* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upside\|upside]] | /'ʌpsaid/ | n. 上侧, 上段, 上部 | n the highest or uppermost side of anything | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alarm\|alarm]] | /ә'lɑ:m/ | n. 惊恐, 警报, 警钟 | n. fear resulting from the awareness of danger | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Alright, I don't wanna alarm anybody, but Monica's hair is twice as big as it was when we landed!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diana\|diana]] | /dai'ænә/ | n. 狄安娜, 独身女子 | n. English aristocrat who was the first wife of Prince Charles; her death in an  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That's why our honeymoon photos look like me and Diana Ross!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ceiling\|ceiling]] | /'si:liŋ/ | n. 天花板 | n. the overhead upper surface of a covered space | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Oh! David, get one for us too! Oh, oh, and see if they have a heart-shaped one! And with mirrors on * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#theirs\|theirs]] | /ðєәz/ | pron. 他们的 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *And make sure our room isn't next to theirs .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lust\|lust]] | /lʌst/ | n. 贪欲, 欲望, 色欲 | n. self-indulgent sexual desire (personified as one of the deadly sins) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Not Joey, no, I was just lusting after Chandler.* |
| ehm |  | abbr. eggs per hen per month 每鸡每月蛋数 |  | 1 | 13 | 8 | *So, ehm... I'm proposing to Pheobe tonight.* |
| pheobe |  | [网络] 纯洁光明的；成志；丨晓天 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So, ehm... I'm proposing to Pheobe tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seventieth\|seventieth]] | /'sevntiiθ/ | num. 第七十, 七十分之一 | n. position 70 in a countable series of things | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, well, being a failed scientist doesn't pay quite as well as you might think. That's uhm... one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#karat\|karat]] | /'kærәt/ | n. 开(金等贵金属单位) | n. the unit of measurement for the proportion of gold in an alloy; 18-karat gold | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, well, being a failed scientist doesn't pay quite as well as you might think. That's uhm... one* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clarity\|clarity]] | /'klærәti/ | n. 清楚, 明晰 | n. free from obscurity and easy to understand; the comprehensibility of clear ex | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, well, being a failed scientist doesn't pay quite as well as you might think. That's uhm... one* |
| supremes |  | [网络] 至上合唱团；至高无上合唱团；至上乐团 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Are you leaving "The Supremes"?  MOnica: Ok, my husband just gave your boyfriend some very bad advic* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gag\|gag]] | /gæg/ | n. 箝口物, 箝制言论, 讨论终结 | n. restraint put into a person's mouth to prevent speaking or shouting | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, ok, you want me to marry Mike? Alright, well, let's just gag him and handcuff him and force him * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handcuff\|handcuff]] | /'hændkʌf/ | vt. 给...戴上手铐 | n. shackle that consists of a metal loop that can be locked around the wrist; us | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh, ok, you want me to marry Mike? Alright, well, let's just gag him and handcuff him and force him * |
| roseanne |  | 罗丝安妮（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sure! Look, ok, bottom line: I love Mike... David! David. I love David. Don't look at me that way, R* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constantly\|constantly]] | /'kɒnstәntli/ | adv. 不变地, 不断地, 时常地 | r. without variation or change, in every case | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be constantly interrupted by * |
| cuz | /kәz/ | abbr. 因为（cause） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, is it on the computer, cuz I'd love to give it a read...?* |
| dino | /'di:nәu/ | n. 意大利人, 流浪汉 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *What's with the rain, Geller? I mean, when I signed up for Dino Week, nobody said anything about it * |
