---
season: 9
episode: "11"
title: "FRIENDS - THE ONE WHERE RACHEL GOES BACK TO WORK"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E11 — FRIENDS - THE ONE WHERE RACHEL GOES BACK TO WORK

*Teleplay by: Peter Tibbals*

*Story by: Judd Rubin Directed by: Gary Halvorson*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Monica:** Good morning, Tiger! I'm making you a nice big breakfast so you can keep up your [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] for tonight. You're gonna get me good and [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Chandler:** I've got [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] to go this morning. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]]! I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life.

**Monica:** Well, I just lost my [[Friends-词汇总表#erection\|erection]].

**Chandler:** I mean, what am I supposed to do with myself?

**Monica:** You're supposed to find your [[Friends-词汇总表#passion\|passion]] in life. You can be whatever you wanna be now. It's exciting.

**Chandler:** But it's all so [[Friends-词汇总表#overwhelm\|overwhelming]]. I don't know where to start.

**Monica:** Hey, wait a second. I can help you with this. You just need to be [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organized]]. We can make a list of your [[Friends-词汇总表#qualification\|qualifications]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#categorize\|categorize]] jobs by industry. There could be [[Friends-词汇总表#folder\|folders]] and files!

**Chandler:** Hey! This is where your hyper-[[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organized]]-pain-in-the-ass stuff pays off!

**Monica:** I know!!! My [[Friends-词汇总表#erection\|erection]] is back!


> [!scene] Opening credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Joey:** *(To Gunther who comes over with coffee and a muffin)* Thank you!

**Phoebe:** Joey, can I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sip]] of your coffee and a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] of your [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]]?

**Joey:** Okay. Phoebe Thank you. *(Pours his coffee in a thermos and puts his muffin in her purse.)* Thank you!

**Joey:** : Pheebs, have you ever been [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bitten]] by a [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] Italian?

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, it's just, I'm a little short on cash.

**Joey:** If you want I could loan you some money?

**Phoebe:** Oh no, no, no. I learned never to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] money from friends. No, that's why Richard Dreyfuss and I don't speak anymore.

**Joey:** Oh, hey, how about this? Wanna be an extra on my show?

**Phoebe:** You could do that?

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah. The pay is pretty good and you could do it for as long as you need.

**Phoebe:** Oh my god, I'm gonna be on TV!

**Joey:** Okay, now. I gotta tell you, being on TV isn't as [[Friends-词汇总表#glamorous\|glamorous]] and exciting as you think.

**Phoebe:** Oh, really?

**Joey:** No it is [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]]!

*(Rachel and Ross enter with Emma)*

**Ross:** Hi guys.

**All:** *(Adlib hellos)*

**Phoebe:** Wow! Hey, why are you all dressed up?

**Ross:** Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] her to everyone. Doesn't she look cute?

**Joey:** She sure does. Why does she have a pink [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|taped]] to her head?

**Rachel:** Well, because if one more person says "what a cute little boy" I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] them with a car [[Friends-词汇总表#antenna\|antenna]]!

**Ross:** I think she's gonna be the hit of the office, huh? She's gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#hotter\|hotter]] than [[Friends-词汇总表#peasant\|peasant]] [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouses]] and A-line [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirts]]. Can I get a blue [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's

**Monica:** *(Flipping through bunch of folders as Chandler enters from bathroom)* Okay, I have looked through a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of career guides, [[Friends-词汇总表#photocopy\|photocopied]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlighted]] key [[Friends-词汇总表#passage\|passages]] and put them into [[Friends-词汇总表#alphabetical\|alphabetical]] [[Friends-词汇总表#folder\|folders]] so you can make an informed decision.

**Chandler:** How long was I in there?

**Monica:** Okay. Let us start with the A's. Advertising.

**Chandler:** Wait. Advertising! That's a great idea!

**Monica:** Don't you want to look through the rest?

**Chandler:** I don't think I have to hear the rest. Advertising makes perfect sense. Sorry you had to waste all this time, though.

**Monica:** You call eight hours alone with my label [[Friends-词汇总表#maker\|maker]] wasted time? Ooh, now I get to use my [[Friends-词汇总表#shredder\|shredder]]!

**Chandler:** I mean, I can write [[Friends-词汇总表#slogan\|slogans]]. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] that you [[Friends-词汇总表#chew\|chew]]." "Crackers. Because your [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] needs a buddy." "A [[Friends-词汇总表#grape\|grape]]. Because who can get a water [[Friends-词汇总表#melon\|melon]] in your [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]]?"

**Monica:** I got one. "Socks. Because your family's feet [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] the best."

**Chandler:** Honey? Leave it to the pros.

**Monica:** I actually know someone in advertising. I grew up with this guy who is a vice president at a big agency. Maybe I can get him to meet you? Give me the phone.

**Chandler:** "The phone. Bringing you [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] to people...who have phones."

**Monica:** "Marriage. It's not for everybody."


> [!scene] Scene: Ralph Lauren

**Rachel:** That went well. Almost everybody knew that she was a girl.

**Ross:** Yeah, after you [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punched]] that one guy who got it wrong, word [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]].

**Rachel:** I'm just gonna go in my office and pick up some stuff . *(To the guy behind her desk)* Who the hell are you!?

**Guy:** Who the hell are you?

**Rachel:** I'm the hell person whose office this is!

**Ross:** Good one, Rach.

**Guy:** I'm Gavin Mitchell, the person who's taken over your job.

**Rachel:** Excuse me?

**Gavin:** Oh, your baby's so cute. Why did you put a pink [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] on a boy?


> [!scene] Scene: DOOL set

**Phoebe:** Joey, look at me! I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]]!

**Joey:** Yes you are. I think it may be time for my [[Friends-词汇总表#sponge\|sponge]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]]. Sorry, I'm just so used to hitting on the extras. So, are you excited about your scene?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! But I'm a little [[Friends-词汇总表#shaky\|shaky]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]].

**Joey:** Oh, relax. Don't be. You'll be fine, you'll be fine. They'll probably just make you stand in the back.

**Director:** Okay, okay, okay! *(To Phoebe)* You. Here, come here, here. You're gonna take this [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]], you're gonna stay on this yellow mark. You're gonna move on "action!" You're gonna walk over to the [[Friends-词汇总表#operate\|operating]] table. You're gonna stop on that blue mark, you're gonna put the tray down. Don't walk too fast! But don't [[Friends-词汇总表#doddle\|doddle]].

**Phoebe:** Okay, now. What?

**Director:** And...Action!!

*(Phoebe starts walking toward the operating table. Her hands are shaking like crazy, causing the tray to rattle.)*

**Director:** Cut! Cut!

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]].

**Director:** Well, don't be.

**Phoebe:** Okay, that helps.

**Director:** And...Action!

*(Phoebe starts walking towards the table again. She's even more shaky than before and almost drops the tray.)*

**Director:** Cut!

**Joey:** Hey, you know what? Don't worry, Pheebs! It usually takes me three takes too! *(Off the director's look)* Alright, eight.

**Director:** And...Action!

*(Ok, here we go again. Phoebe starts walking toward the operating table, but stops every time the tray starts to rattle. She eventually drops it on the floor, but finishes the scene anyway by putting the now non-existent tray on the table.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Interviewer:** So, do you have any other question about advertising?

**Chandler:** No, no. But let me show you what I can do. "Bagels and [[Friends-词汇总表#donut\|donuts]]. Round food for every [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]]."

**Interviewer:** Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warned]] me you might do that. I actually think we might have something for you at the agency.

**Chandler:** Really? That's great!

**Interviewer:** It's an [[Friends-词汇总表#unpaid\|unpaid]] [[Friends-词汇总表#internship\|internship]].

**Chandler:** It's funny. When you said "[[Friends-词汇总表#unpaid\|unpaid]]" it sounded like you said "unpaid."

**Interviewer:** Come on now. Monica has a good job. And it's not like you have a family to support.

**Chandler:** Actually, we're trying, and I don't think Monica's gonna wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#postpone\|postpone]] it. We're supposed to have sex tonight. Actually, she's probably at home naked right now. I [[Friends-词汇总表#tend\|tend]] to keep talking until somebody stops me. I can just picture her on the bed right now.

**Interviewer:** Stop!

**Interviewer:** Okay.


> [!scene] Scene: Ralph Lauren

**Rachel:** Wait a minute! What do you mean, you're taking over my job?

**Gavin:** Well, while you were on your baby vacation I was doing your job.

**Rachel:** A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involve]] something sucking on my [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipples]] until they are [[Friends-词汇总表#raw\|raw]].

**Gavin:** Clearly you've never been to Sandles Paradise Island.

**Rachel:** Alright! Don't get too [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] there, because I'm back in two weeks! And I want everything back to the way it was. I can't say that I care too much for the way you've [[Friends-词汇总表#rearrange\|rearranged]] my office.

**Gavin:** I can't say I care too much for that smell you've brought in with you.

**Rachel:** Excuse me?

**Ross:** Rach we have a code brown situation.

**Rachel:** Can you please, please take care of it for me?

**Ross:** Alright, but you have to do one [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]].

**Rachel:** Let me just get this straight! So I go have a baby and they send some guy in to do my job?

**Gavin:** Well, there was talk of [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shutting]] down Ralph Lauren all together.

**Rachel:** That's right. You're very [[Friends-词汇总表#cheeky\|cheeky]] for a [[Friends-词汇总表#temp\|temp]].

**Gavin:** I'm not a [[Friends-词汇总表#temp\|temp]]. I was transferred here from another department.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, what department was that? The Jerk department?

**Gavin:** Oh, they didn't tell me about your quick [[Friends-词汇总表#wit\|wit]].

**Rachel:** Did they [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] that I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] and you're [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]]? Mr. Zelner: *(Enters)* Gavin, Ralph loved your ideas.

**Rachel:** Oh, hi Mr. Zelner. Mr. Zelner: Rachel, I see you've met Gavin. I must say, when you left us we weren't sure what we were gonna do. But then, Gavin to the [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescue]]. Super Gavin!

**Rachel:** That's great. So now, Super Gavin, when I come back where are you planning on [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] off to?

**Gavin:** Well, that's up to Mr. Zelner. I'm sure he will make the right decision.

**Rachel:** *(To herself)* Oh, wow. Super ass-kissing power. Mr. Zelner: Incidentally, when are you coming back?

**Rachel:** Today.

**Gavin:** You said two weeks.

**Rachel:** No, I said today! See, for a [[Friends-词汇总表#superhero\|superhero]], not so much with the listening.


> [!scene] Scene: DOOL set

**Joey:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hey. So, what did he say?

**Joey:** Well, he can be a little [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] around the edges, so I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] a word he used a lot, with the word "[[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]]." Okay, so he said: "If your puppy friend doesn't get her puppy act together, I'm gonna fire her mother-puppy ass."

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, I can't do this. I'm not an actor.

**Joey:** That's right, you're not. You're a [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]]. You're Nurse With Tray.

**Phoebe:** Joey.

**Joey:** No, no. Nurse With Tray doesn't know Joey, she doesn't have time for friends. She gets in that [[Friends-词汇总表#operate\|operating]] room and she carries that [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] to the doctor, because if she doesn't, people die!

**Phoebe:** Who dies?

**Joey:** *(Points to man on operating table)* Man With Eye Patch! You get in there and you do your job.

**Phoebe:** Yes, doctor.

**Joey:** Okay.

**Director:** Okay, let's try this one more time.

**Phoebe:** Hang in there, Man With Eye Patch, your [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] is coming!

**Director:** And...Action!

**Phoebe:** *(Does the scene)* Yes, I did it!!! I [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nailed]] it!!! Yay! What's next?

**Director:** The rest of the scene.

**Phoebe:** Okay, from the top, people!


> [!scene] Scene: Ralph Lauren

**Rachel:** Listen. Sudden change of plans. My [[Friends-词汇总表#maternity\|maternity]] leave just ended. They told me that if I didn't come back today, they were gonna fire me.

**Ross:** What? No, that's [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]]. I'm gonna have the labor department down her so fast they won't even...

**Rachel:** Alright, alright. Calm down Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that. I'm just afraid if I don't come back right now this guy's gonna try to [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] me out.

**Ross:** What about Emma? We don't have a [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]].

**Rachel:** I know. You know, we're just gonna have to figure out a plan tonight. Can you please just take care of her for today?

**Ross:** Absolutely. Just give me your breast and we'll be on our way.

**Rachel:** Come on, I don't know what else to do.

**Ross:** Fine, fine. *(To Emma)* We'll have fun, won't we? Yes, we will, yes we will. *(Gives her a kiss, and the pink bow tapes itself to his head.)*

**Rachel:** Ross?

**Ross:** Huh?

**Rachel:** You're pretty.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's

**Chandler:** Whatever I [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] to do, I'm gonna be starting a career from [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]]. It's gonna be a while before I make a living at it. Maybe now is not the right time to be starting a family.

**Ross:** So you have to tell Monica you don't want to have a baby right now?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Ross:** *(Hugs Chandler)* Good-bye.

**Monica:** *(Enters)* Okay, it's baby time. Pants off Bing. *(Sees Ross)* Didn't see you there Geller.

**Chandler:** Yeah, Ross is here so...

**Ross:** Yeah, and I was really hoping that I could hang out. What do you feel like doing?

**Monica:** We're gonna have sex.

**Ross:** I don't feel like having sex. Maybe we can watch a movie or something.

**Monica:** Let me put it this way. We're having sex whether you're here or not.

**Ross:** Pants off Bing!


> [!scene] Scene: Ralph Lauren

**Rachel:** Alright. Now that I'm back, why don't you just fill me in on what you've been up to?

**Gavin:** Well, I've changed your [[Friends-词汇总表#screensaver\|screensaver]] from that picture of *Nsync.

**Rachel:** Hey, they were popular when I left!

**Gavin:** Also, I've just been working on this big presentation for tomorrow.

**Rachel:** Well, I should be [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]] in that, so why don't you get me up to speed?

**Gavin:** That's gonna take weeks. Why don't just let me take care of the presentation?

**Rachel:** Oh, no no no no. I see what you're doing here, alright, listen, this is my job buddy. Okay, I've had it for five years, and I know how it works, so why don't you just catch me up!

**Gavin:** Fine.

**Rachel:** *(Sits down in her chair)* Oh god. You've totally messed with the back support of my chair. How do you fix this?

**Gavin:** Hey, you've been here five years, you figure it out.

**Rachel:** Fine, I will. *(Pushes that button thing on the chair that makes it "collapse")* Alright, fill me in!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's

**Ross:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Ross:** You have a blue [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] that would go with this? Emma [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] up on mine.

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|ties]] will be [[Friends-词汇总表#obsolete\|obsolete]] and we'll all be wearing silver jump [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suits]].

**Monica:** *(Enters from the bedroom)* Hi, good morning [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]]. I gotta say after last night, I'm a little [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knees]].

**Ross:** Here's an idea. You walk into a room...take a quick [[Friends-词汇总表#scan\|scan]]!

**Monica:** *(To Ross)* Sorry. *(To Chandler)* But I kind of have this [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] that we may have made a baby last night.

**Chandler:** Oh god, I have to tell you something. You're not [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]].

**Monica:** What are you talking about?

**Chandler:** That thing that I have to do to make a baby. I [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|faked]] it.

**Monica:** What!? You [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|faked]] it?

**Ross:** You know what? I don't need a [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]]. I mean, it's better, open [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]]. You know, it's more [[Friends-词汇总表#casual\|casual]] *(He leaves.)*


> [!scene] Scene: DOOL set

**Phoebe:** Joey, listen. I can't do this, it doesn't make any sense. Yesterday I was a [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]], and today I'm a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] at a [[Friends-词汇总表#cafe\|cafe]]?

**Joey:** Oh, sometimes we use the same extras for different parts. It's okay.

**Phoebe:** Well, it's not okay, because I gave a very [[Friends-词汇总表#memorable\|memorable]] performance as the [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]]. And now [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] I'm the [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]]? That's gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] my fans.

**Joey:** Maybe you are a [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]], but you [[Friends-词汇总表#moonlight\|moonlight]] as a [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]].

**Phoebe:** Uhuh. Because I'm a single mother, supporting my two children.

**Joey:** Nice.

**Phoebe:** Wait a minute. Dr. Drake Ramoray and I work at the same hospital. Wouldn't I come over to say hi to him?

**Joey:** No, no. See, you and Drake are having a fight.

**Phoebe:** About what?

**Joey:** He slept with you and then never called you.

**Phoebe:** And I just wanted a new daddy for Davy and Becky.

**Director:** Okay, okay, from the top. And...Action!

**Man:** So, I'm surprised you agreed to have [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] with me. Joey/Drake: I'm surprised to, but yet here I am.

*(Phoebe walks by and slaps him.)*

**Director:** Cut, cut! What are you doing!?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, well, I'm very [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] at him, because he slept with me and never called me back.

**Extra:** Me too! Another extra: Me too!

**Joey:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] down! She means on the show! We need some new extras around here!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's

**Gavin:** *(Enters)* Wow, you're here already.

**Rachel:** Yes. Emma and I came in a little early to do research on the presentation. I actually made a few changes, but I think I'm caught up on everything. So ask me anything!

**Gavin:** How do you fix the chair?

**Rachel:** Except that! *(Mr. Zelner enters)* Oh, hello, Mr. Zelner. We're all ready for our presentation this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]]. Mr. Zelner: Good, because it's in ten minutes.

**Rachel:** What? I can't do that! I have the baby, and Ross is not gonna pick her up for another hour. Mr. Zelner: Well, then Gavin can give the presentation, okay, we have to do it now. Ralph needs to leave early today. He's going [[Friends-词汇总表#helicopter\|helicopter]] shopping.

**Rachel:** Well, there you go. You win, you win. You get to do the presentation, you'll [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] 'em dead, no one will ever remember that I worked here, and then Ralph will buy his [[Friends-词汇总表#helicopter\|helicopter]], and Super Gavin will just [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] right along side of him!

**Gavin:** You can do the presentation.

**Rachel:** No, I can't, I have a baby.

**Gavin:** I'll watch her.

**Rachel:** Why would you do that?

**Gavin:** Because you've worked really hard, and it's your job, and you're a little crazy.

**Rachel:** That's really nice.

**Gavin:** I should tell you that crying women make me very [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]].

**Rachel:** Then you're not gonna like what's coming. *(Starts crying)* I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you, thank you.

**Gavin:** I'm really fine, don't worry, I'm great with children. *(To Emma)* Gavin Mitchell. Pleased to meet you.


> [!scene] Scene: DOOL set

**Joey:** Please don't fire my friend. Just let me talk to her.

**Director:** Okay, okay. But this is her last chance.

**Joey:** Thank you, thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow, I'll bring you a hat, cover up the [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]]?

**Joey:** Hey, listen Pheebs. I was just talking to the director, and he was thinking, maybe this time you don't hit Drake, you just wait on the tables?

**Phoebe:** I can't do that. I'm an actor. I have a process.

**Joey:** You're a [[Friends-词汇总表#masseuse\|masseuse]]. You have a table with a [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] in it.

**Phoebe:** Wait a minute, I see what's happening here. You're [[Friends-词汇总表#threaten\|threatened]].

**Joey:** What?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I'm so good in this scene that I'm stealing focus from you. Well, [[Friends-词汇总表#rise\|rise]] to the challenge Tribianni 'cause I just [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raised]] the bar. Come join me up here!

**Joey:** *(To the director)* Yeah, you can fire her, but I would call security, she won't go easy.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's

**Monica:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|faked]] it? You couldn't have faked it!

**Chandler:** Oh yes you can. You just make the faces and the [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noises]].

**Monica:** Guys can [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] it? Unbelievable. The one thing that's [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]]! Besides, why would you fake it when we're trying to have a baby?

**Chandler:** That's actually why. Look, I'm starting a whole new career now, and I'm not saying that I don't want to have a baby, I'm just saying maybe we could wait a little while.

**Monica:** Like a month?

**Chandler:** Or a year?

**Monica:** Really, you want to wait a year?

**Chandler:** It could be less than a year. I mean, you've heard my stuff. "Pants. Like shorts, but longer." *(Pause)* It'll probably be more than a year.

**Monica:** I really wanna have a baby.

**Chandler:** Yeah, me too. Look, I'll just get my old job back.

**Monica:** No, I want you to have a job that you love. Not [[Friends-词汇总表#statistical\|statistical]] analysis and data [[Friends-词汇总表#reconfiguration\|reconfiguration]].

**Chandler:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] and you learn what I do?

**Monica:** It's just, I think, there's never gonna be a right time to have a baby. I mean, now you're [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]] and in a little while you'll find a new job that'll keep you really [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]]. There's always gonna be a reason not to do this, but I think once the baby comes, forget about all those reasons.

**Chandler:** I guess. It's always gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] when we have a baby.

**Monica:** It's gonna be really [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]]. I mean, god. When we have a baby, there's gonna be so much that we're not able to control. I mean, the apartment's gonna be a mess, I won't have time to clean it. What if the baby gets into the [[Friends-词汇总表#ribbon\|ribbon]] [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]]? Messes up all the ribbons?! What if there's no room for a ribbon drawer, because the baby's stuff takes up all the space!? Where will all the ribbons go!?!

**Chandler:** Should we go make a baby right now before you change your mind?

**Monica:** Yes, please!

**Chandler:** Oh, and I promise, I will not [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] it this time.

**Monica:** I wish I could say the same. I'm a little [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shook]] up!


> [!scene] Closing credits


> [!scene] Scene: DOOL set] Joey/Drake: I know you botched that operation on purpose. I can't prove it yet, but when I do, you'll be going to jail for murder. I don't care if you are my brother.

**Man:** I'm not your brother. Phoebe/Waitress: What about my children Drake?! Huh!? *(She starts running around on the set with a security guy chasing her)* No!! No!! No! God!





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（38）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 3 | 235 | 141 | *I mean, what am I supposed to do with myself?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 3 | 186 | 106 | *Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone. Doesn't she look * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 3 | 199 | 123 | *I'm just gonna go in my office and pick up some stuff .  Who the hell are you!?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 3 | 132 | 68 | *Okay, it's baby time. Pants off Bing.  Didn't see you there Geller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 2 | 118 | 89 | *You're supposed to find your passion in life. You can be whatever you wanna be now. It's exciting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *You're supposed to find your passion in life. You can be whatever you wanna be now. It's exciting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *Hey, you know what? Don't worry, Pheebs! It usually takes me three takes too!  Alright, eight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 2 | 88 | 57 | *I'm sorry, I can't do this. I'm not an actor.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 2 | 177 | 117 | *Hang in there, Man With Eye Patch, your tray is coming!* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 2 | 155 | 54 | *Okay, it's baby time. Pants off Bing.  Didn't see you there Geller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *He slept with you and then never called you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 2 | 99 | 67 | *So, I'm surprised you agreed to have lunch with me. Joey/Drake: I'm surprised to, but yet here I am.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Oh no, no, no. I learned never to borrow money from friends. No, that's why Richard Dreyfuss and I d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Oh no, no, no. I learned never to borrow money from friends. No, that's why Richard Dreyfuss and I d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Wow! Hey, why are you all dressed up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *I actually know someone in advertising. I grew up with this guy who is a vice president at a big age* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Oh, relax. Don't be. You'll be fine, you'll be fine. They'll probably just make you stand in the bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 1 | 88 | 68 | *A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not involve something sucking on my nipples until they are ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *I can't say I care too much for that smell you've brought in with you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Alright, alright. Calm down Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that. I'm just afraid if I don't com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely. Just give me your breast and we'll be on our way.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Okay, it's baby time. Pants off Bing.  Didn't see you there Geller.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 1 | 64 | 51 | *Yeah, and I was really hoping that I could hang out. What do you feel like doing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Oh, no no no no. I see what you're doing here, alright, listen, this is my job buddy. Okay, I've had* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Oh god. You've totally messed with the back support of my chair. How do you fix this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *Oh god. You've totally messed with the back support of my chair. How do you fix this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *You have a blue tie that would go with this? Emma spit up on mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future ties wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fight\|fight]] | /fait/ | n. 打架, 争吵, 斗志 | n. the act of fighting; any contest or struggle | 1 | 102 | 59 | *No, no. See, you and Drake are having a fight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Because you've worked really hard, and it's your job, and you're a little crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *I should tell you that crying women make me very uncomfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Thank you, thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow, I'll bring you a hat, cover up the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Wait a minute, I see what's happening here. You're threatened.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Yeah, I'm so good in this scene that I'm stealing focus from you. Well, rise to the challenge Tribia* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *It's just, I think, there's never gonna be a right time to have a baby. I mean, now you're unemploye* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *I guess. It's always gonna be scary when we have a baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *It's gonna be really scary. I mean, god. When we have a baby, there's gonna be so much that we're no* |

### 常用词（73）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 5 | 59 | 18 | *Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone. Doesn't she look * |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 4 | 204 | 33 | *Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone. Doesn't she look * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 4 | 51 | 37 | *That thing that I have to do to make a baby. I faked it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drake\|drake]] | /dreik/ | n. 公鸭, 蜉蝣类 | n. English explorer and admiral who was the first Englishman to circumnavigate t | 4 | 58 | 20 | *Wait a minute. Dr. Drake Ramoray and I work at the same hospital. Wouldn't I come over to say hi to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppy\|puppy]] | /'pʌpi/ | n. 小狗, 小动物, 自负的年轻人 | n. a young dog | 3 | 22 | 12 | *Well, he can be a little rough around the edges, so I'm gonna replace a word he used a lot, with the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 3 | 35 | 21 | *Joey, listen. I can't do this, it doesn't make any sense. Yesterday I was a nurse, and today I'm a w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 2 | 118 | 49 | *Good morning, Tiger! I'm making you a nice big breakfast so you can keep up your strength for tonigh* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 2 | 49 | 20 | *Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone. Doesn't she look * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheese\|cheese]] | /tʃi:z/ | n. 乳酪 | n. a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk | 2 | 46 | 27 | *I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 2 | 55 | 42 | *Yeah! But I'm a little shaky and nervous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 2 | 55 | 42 | *Alright, alright. Calm down Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that. I'm just afraid if I don't com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 2 | 31 | 22 | *You have a blue tie that would go with this? Emma spit up on mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 2 | 32 | 28 | *I guess. It's always gonna be scary when we have a baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawer\|drawer]] | /'drɒ:ә/ | n. 抽屉, 开票人 | n. a boxlike container in a piece of furniture; made so as to slide in and out | 2 | 23 | 19 | *It's gonna be really scary. I mean, god. When we have a baby, there's gonna be so much that we're no* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] | /'nәuhwєә/ | adv. 无处, 到处都无 | n. an insignificant place | 1 | 15 | 15 | *I've got nowhere to go this morning. I'm unemployed! I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] | /'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | vt. 组织, 有机化, 给予生机 | v. cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Hey, wait a second. I can help you with this. You just need to be organized. We can make a list of y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Joey, can I have a sip of your coffee and a bite of your muffin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muffin\|muffin]] | /'mʌfin/ | n. 松饼 | n. a sweet quick bread baked in a cup-shaped pan | 1 | 23 | 14 | *Joey, can I have a sip of your coffee and a bite of your muffin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *: Pheebs, have you ever been bitten by a hungry Italian?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Oh no, no, no. I learned never to borrow money from friends. No, that's why Richard Dreyfuss and I d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] | /'ɒ:sәm/ | a. 引起敬畏的, 可怕的 | s inspiring awe or admiration or wonder | 1 | 20 | 18 | *No it is awesome!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone. Doesn't she look * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] | /'tæp/ | n. 轻打, 水龙头 | n. a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dan | 1 | 20 | 16 | *She sure does. Why does she have a pink bow taped to her head?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whip\|whip]] | /hwip/ | n. 鞭子, 抽打, 车夫, 搅拌器 | n. an instrument with a handle and a flexible lash that is used for whipping | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Well, because if one more person says "what a cute little boy" I'm gonna whip them with a car antenn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]] | /skә:t/ | n. 裙子, 下摆, 边缘, 郊区 | n. cloth covering that forms the part of a garment below the waist | 1 | 14 | 11 | *I think she's gonna be the hit of the office, huh? She's gonna be hotter than peasant blouses and A-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Okay, I have looked through a bunch of career guides, photocopied and highlighted key passages and p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|sock]] | /sɒk/ | n. 短袜, 鞋垫, 一击 | n. hosiery consisting of a cloth covering for the foot; worn inside the shoe; re | 1 | 29 | 15 | *I got one. "Socks. Because your family's feet deserve the best."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *I got one. "Socks. Because your family's feet deserve the best."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closer\|closer]] | /'klәuzә/ | n. 关闭者, 闭合器, 关闭器 | n. a person who closes something | 1 | 27 | 24 | *"The phone. Bringing you closer to people...who have phones."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *"Marriage. It's not for everybody."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] | /pʌntʃ/ | n. 打洞器, 钻孔机, 冲压机, 冲床, 潘趣酒 | n. (boxing) a blow with the fist | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Yeah, after you punched that one guy who got it wrong, word spread.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] | /spred/ | n. 传播, 散布, 伸展 | n. process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Yeah, after you punched that one guy who got it wrong, word spread.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bath\|bath]] | /bæθ.bɑ:θ/ | n. 沐浴, 浴室 | n. a vessel containing liquid in which something is immersed (as to process it o | 1 | 37 | 22 | *Yes you are. I think it may be time for my sponge bath. Sorry, I'm just so used to hitting on the ex* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bagel\|bagel]] | /'beiɡәl/ | n. 百吉饼（先蒸后烤的发面圈）；[俚]（体育比赛中）零蛋 | n. (Yiddish) glazed yeast-raised doughnut-shaped roll with hard crust | 1 | 12 | 11 | *No, no. But let me show you what I can do. "Bagels and donuts. Round food for every mood."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *No, no. But let me show you what I can do. "Bagels and donuts. Round food for every mood."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] | /wɒ:n/ | vt. 警告, 提醒, 通知 | v. notify of danger, potential harm, or risk | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Monica warned me you might do that. I actually think we might have something for you at the agency.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipple]] | /'nipl/ | n. 乳头, 奶头, 奶嘴 | n. the small projection of a mammary gland | 1 | 24 | 14 | *A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not involve something sucking on my nipples until they are ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] | /'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 舒服的, 轻松的 | a. providing or experiencing physical well-being or relief (`comfy' is informal) | 1 | 48 | 43 | *Alright! Don't get too comfortable there, because I'm back in two weeks! And I want everything back * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sometime\|sometime]] | /'sʌmtaim/ | a. 以前的, 某一时间的 | r. at some indefinite or unstated time | 1 | 38 | 29 | *Alright, but you have to do one sometime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Oh yeah, what department was that? The Jerk department?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Did they mention that I'm rubber and you're glue? Mr. Zelner:  Gavin, Ralph loved your ideas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glue\|glue]] | /glu:/ | n. 胶, 粘性物 | n. cement consisting of a sticky substance that is used as an adhesive | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Did they mention that I'm rubber and you're glue? Mr. Zelner:  Gavin, Ralph loved your ideas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *That's great. So now, Super Gavin, when I come back where are you planning on flying off to?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] | /rʌf/ | n. 粗糙的东西, 毛坯, 未加工品, 梗概, 草图, 暴徒, 艰难 | n. the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut sh | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Well, he can be a little rough around the edges, so I'm gonna replace a word he used a lot, with the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#replace\|replace]] | /ri'pleis/ | vt. 代替, 替换, 放回, 归还 | v. substitute a person or thing for (another that is broken or inefficient or lo | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Well, he can be a little rough around the edges, so I'm gonna replace a word he used a lot, with the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nail\|nail]] | /neil/ | n. 钉子, 指甲 | n. horny plate covering and protecting part of the dorsal surface of the digits | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Yes, I did it!!! I nailed it!!! Yay! What's next?* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yes, I did it!!! I nailed it!!! Yay! What's next?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *Listen. Sudden change of plans. My maternity leave just ended. They told me that if I didn't come ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squeeze\|squeeze]] | /skwi:z/ | n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金 | n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Alright, alright. Calm down Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that. I'm just afraid if I don't com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *Whatever I decide to do, I'm gonna be starting a career from scratch. It's gonna be a while before I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] | /skrætʃ/ | n. 抓痕, 搔, 抓, 擦伤, 刮擦声, 乱写, 零分, 起跑线 | n. a competitor who has withdrawn from competition | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Whatever I decide to do, I'm gonna be starting a career from scratch. It's gonna be a while before I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] | /spit/ | n. 唾液, 唾吐, 小雨, 炙叉, 一铲的深度 | n. a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea | 1 | 26 | 22 | *You have a blue tie that would go with this? Emma spit up on mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 1 | 34 | 22 | *Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future ties wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lover\|lover]] | /'lʌvә/ | n. 爱人, 爱好者 | n. a person who loves someone or is loved by someone | 1 | 27 | 22 | *Hi, good morning lover. I gotta say after last night, I'm a little weak in the knees.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *Hi, good morning lover. I gotta say after last night, I'm a little weak in the knees.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] | /'sʌdәnli/ | adv. 突然, 意外, 忽然, 迅速, 即席作成, 即刻, 急速 | r. happening unexpectedly | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Well, it's not okay, because I gave a very memorable performance as the nurse. And now suddenly I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Well, it's not okay, because I gave a very memorable performance as the nurse. And now suddenly I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *So, I'm surprised you agreed to have lunch with me. Joey/Drake: I'm surprised to, but yet here I am.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Yeah, well, I'm very angry at him, because he slept with me and never called me back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Except that!  Oh, hello, Mr. Zelner. We're all ready for our presentation this afternoon. Mr. Zelner* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Well, there you go. You win, you win. You get to do the presentation, you'll knock 'em dead, no one * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *I should tell you that crying women make me very uncomfortable.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bald\|bald]] | /bɒ:ld/ | a. 秃头的, 光秃的, 单调的, 赤裸的 | v. grow bald; lose hair on one's head | 1 | 16 | 11 | *Thank you, thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow, I'll bring you a hat, cover up the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *You're a masseuse. You have a table with a hole in it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *Yeah, I'm so good in this scene that I'm stealing focus from you. Well, rise to the challenge Tribia* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noise\|noise]] | /nɒiz/ | n. 噪音, 杂音, 响声, 喧闹 | n. sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant sound) | 1 | 40 | 26 | *Oh yes you can. You just make the faces and the noises.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Guys can fake it? Unbelievable. The one thing that's ours! Besides, why would you fake it when we're* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ours\|ours]] | /'auәz/ | pron. 我们的 | pl.  of I | 1 | 19 | 14 | *Guys can fake it? Unbelievable. The one thing that's ours! Besides, why would you fake it when we're* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Guys can fake it? Unbelievable. The one thing that's ours! Besides, why would you fake it when we're* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *I quit and you learn what I do?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#busy\|busy]] | /'bizi/ | a. 忙碌的, 热闹的, 没空的 | v. keep busy with | 1 | 28 | 25 | *It's just, I think, there's never gonna be a right time to have a baby. I mean, now you're unemploye* |

### 低频词（77）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]] | /nә:s/ | n. 护士, 保姆, 奶妈 | n. one skilled in caring for young children or the sick (usually under the super | 7 | 24 | 9 | *Joey, look at me! I'm a nurse!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tray\|tray]] | /trei/ | n. 托盘, 公文盘, 满盘, 发射箱 | n. an open receptacle for holding or displaying or serving articles or food | 6 | 17 | 9 | *Okay, okay, okay!  You. Here, come here, here. You're gonna take this tray, you're gonna stay on thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bow\|bow]] | /bәu.bau/ | n. 弓, 眼睛框 | n. a knot with two loops and loose ends; used to tie shoelaces | 3 | 9 | 6 | *She sure does. Why does she have a pink bow taped to her head?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unpaid\|unpaid]] | /.ʌn'peid/ | a. 未付款的, 不支薪水的 | a. not paid | 3 | 3 | 1 | *It's an unpaid internship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unemployed\|unemployed]] | /.ʌnim'plɒid/ | a. 失业的, 未被利用的 | a. not engaged in a gainful occupation | 2 | 10 | 6 | *I've got nowhere to go this morning. I'm unemployed! I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erection\|erection]] | /i'rekʃәn/ | n. 直立, 竖起, 建筑物 | n. an erect penis | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well, I just lost my erection.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#folder\|folder]] | /'fәuldә/ | n. 文件夹, 折纸机, 折叠式书本, 卷宗 | n. covering that is folded over to protect the contents | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Hey, wait a second. I can help you with this. You just need to be organized. We can make a list of y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mitchell\|mitchell]] | /'mitʃel/ | n. 米切尔（男子名, 等于Michael） | n. English aeronautical engineer (1895-1937) | 2 | 7 | 2 | *I'm Gavin Mitchell, the person who's taken over your job.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#temp\|temp]] | /temp/ | n. [口]临时雇员 | n. a worker (especially in an office) hired on a temporary basis | 2 | 3 | 2 | *That's right. You're very cheeky for a temp.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helicopter\|helicopter]] | /'helikɒptә/ | n. 直升机 | n. an aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead | 2 | 6 | 5 | *What? I can't do that! I have the baby, and Ross is not gonna pick her up for another hour. Mr. Zeln* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ribbon\|ribbon]] | /'ribәn/ | n. 缎带, 色带, 带状物 | n. any long object resembling a thin line | 2 | 4 | 3 | *It's gonna be really scary. I mean, god. When we have a baby, there's gonna be so much that we're no* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tiger\|tiger]] | /'taigә/ | n. 老虎, 虎, 凶暴的人 | n. a fierce or audacious person | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Good morning, Tiger! I'm making you a nice big breakfast so you can keep up your strength for tonigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] | /streŋθ/ | n. 力量, 实力, 强度, 浓度, 人数, 抵抗力 | n. the property of being physically or mentally strong | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Good morning, Tiger! I'm making you a nice big breakfast so you can keep up your strength for tonigh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passion\|passion]] | /'pæʃәn/ | n. 激情, 酷爱, 热爱, 强烈感情, 耶稣受难(故事) | n. a strong feeling or emotion | 1 | 10 | 7 | *You're supposed to find your passion in life. You can be whatever you wanna be now. It's exciting.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overwhelm\|overwhelm]] | /.әuvә'hwelm/ | vt. 淹没, 受打击, 制服, 压倒, 使不知所措 | v. overcome, as with emotions or perceptual stimuli | 1 | 7 | 6 | *But it's all so overwhelming. I don't know where to start.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#qualification\|qualification]] | /.kwɒlifi'keiʃәn/ | n. 资格, 条件, 限制 | n. an attribute that must be met or complied with and that fits a person for som | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey, wait a second. I can help you with this. You just need to be organized. We can make a list of y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#categorize\|categorize]] | /'kæti^әraiz/ | vt. 分类, 归类 | v. place into or assign to a category | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hey, wait a second. I can help you with this. You just need to be organized. We can make a list of y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sip\|sip]] | /sip/ | n. 啜饮, 小口喝, 抿 | n. a small drink | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Joey, can I have a sip of your coffee and a bite of your muffin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dreyfus\|dreyfus]] | /'dreifәs,drei'fjus/ | 德莱弗斯(①姓氏 ②Alfred, 1859-1935, 法国炮兵军官, 法国历史上著名冤案“德莱弗斯案件”的受害者) | n. French army officer of Jewish descent whose false imprisonment for treason in | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh no, no, no. I learned never to borrow money from friends. No, that's why Richard Dreyfuss and I d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glamorous\|glamorous]] | /'glæmәrәs/ | a. 富有魅力的, 迷人的 | s. having an air of allure, romance and excitement | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Okay, now. I gotta tell you, being on TV isn't as glamorous and exciting as you think.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#antenna\|antenna]] | /æn'tenә/ | n. 天线, 触须, 触角 | n. an electrical device that sends or receives radio or television signals | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, because if one more person says "what a cute little boy" I'm gonna whip them with a car antenn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hotter\|hotter]] | /'hɔtә(r)/ | a. 热的；热烈的 | a used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or g | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I think she's gonna be the hit of the office, huh? She's gonna be hotter than peasant blouses and A-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peasant\|peasant]] | /'peznt/ | n. 农夫, 乡下人 | n. a country person | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I think she's gonna be the hit of the office, huh? She's gonna be hotter than peasant blouses and A-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blouse\|blouse]] | /blauz/ | n. 宽松的上衣 | n. a top worn by women | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I think she's gonna be the hit of the office, huh? She's gonna be hotter than peasant blouses and A-* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#photocopy\|photocopy]] | /'fәutәu.kɒpi/ | n. 影印, 复印件 | n. a photographic copy of written or printed or graphic work | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, I have looked through a bunch of career guides, photocopied and highlighted key passages and p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlight]] | /'hailait/ | n. 加亮区, 精彩场面 | n. the most interesting or memorable part | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Okay, I have looked through a bunch of career guides, photocopied and highlighted key passages and p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passage\|passage]] | /'pæsidʒ/ | n. 通道, 通过, 移居, 航行, 一段, 走廊 | n. the act of passing from one state or place to the next | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, I have looked through a bunch of career guides, photocopied and highlighted key passages and p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alphabetical\|alphabetical]] | /.ælfә'betikәl/ | a. 依字母顺序的, 字母的 | a relating to or expressed by a writing system that uses an alphabet | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, I have looked through a bunch of career guides, photocopied and highlighted key passages and p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maker\|maker]] | /'meikә/ | n. 制造者, 上帝 | n. a person who makes things | 1 | 5 | 4 | *You call eight hours alone with my label maker wasted time? Ooh, now I get to use my shredder!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shredder\|shredder]] | /'ʃredә/ | n. 切菜器, 碎纸机 | n. a device that shreds documents (usually in order to prevent the wrong people  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You call eight hours alone with my label maker wasted time? Ooh, now I get to use my shredder!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slogan\|slogan]] | /'slәugәn/ | n. 呐喊声, 标语, 口号 | n a favorite saying of a sect or political group | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chew\|chew]] | /tʃu:/ | vt. 咀嚼, 嚼碎 | n. a wad of something chewable as tobacco | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cracker\|cracker]] | /'krækә/ | n. 饼干, 爆竹 | n. a thin crisp wafer made of flour and water with or without leavening and shor | 1 | 9 | 8 | *I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grape\|grape]] | /greip/ | n. 葡萄, 葡萄树 | n. any of various juicy fruit of the genus Vitis with green or purple skins; gro | 1 | 9 | 8 | *I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#melon\|melon]] | /'melәn/ | n. 瓜, 甜瓜, 红利, 赃物 | n. any of numerous fruits of the gourd family having a hard rind and sweet juicy | 1 | 5 | 4 | *I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sponge\|sponge]] | /spʌndʒ/ | n. 海绵, 海绵状的东西 | n. a porous mass of interlacing fibers that forms the internal skeleton of vario | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yes you are. I think it may be time for my sponge bath. Sorry, I'm just so used to hitting on the ex* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shaky\|shaky]] | /'ʃeiki/ | a. 震动的, 摇晃的, 动摇的 | s. vibrating slightly and irregularly; as e.g. with fear or cold or like the lea | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah! But I'm a little shaky and nervous.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doddle\|doddle]] |  | n. 儿戏, 易如反掌的事 | n. an easy task | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, okay, okay!  You. Here, come here, here. You're gonna take this tray, you're gonna stay on thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donut\|donut]] | /'dәu,nʌt/ | [医] 电子回旋加速器环状真空室, 同步加速器环状真空室 | n a small ring-shaped friedcake | 1 | 9 | 6 | *No, no. But let me show you what I can do. "Bagels and donuts. Round food for every mood."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#internship\|internship]] | /'intә:nʃip/ | n. 实习医师的职务 | n. the position of a medical intern | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It's an unpaid internship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#postpone\|postpone]] | /pәust'pәun/ | vt. 延迟, 使延期, 缓办, 搁延 | v. hold back to a later time | 1 | 9 | 4 | *Actually, we're trying, and I don't think Monica's gonna wanna postpone it. We're supposed to have s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tend\|tend]] | /tend/ | vi. 走向, 有某种的倾向, 易于, 照顾, 注意 | v. have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Actually, we're trying, and I don't think Monica's gonna wanna postpone it. We're supposed to have s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involve]] | /in'vɒlv/ | vt. 包括, 使陷于, 潜心于, 包围 | v. connect closely and often incriminatingly | 1 | 10 | 7 | *A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not involve something sucking on my nipples until they are ra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raw\|raw]] | /rɒ:/ | n. 擦伤处, 半成品 | n. informal terms for nakedness | 1 | 6 | 6 | *A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not involve something sucking on my nipples until they are ra* |
| sandles |  | [网络] 凉鞋；沙滩凉鞋；平底凉鞋 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Clearly you've never been to Sandles Paradise Island.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paradise\|paradise]] | /'pærәdais/ | n. 天堂, 乐园, 伊甸园 | n. (Christianity) the abode of righteous souls after death | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Clearly you've never been to Sandles Paradise Island.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rearrange\|rearrange]] | /.ri:ә'reindʒ/ | vt. 再排列, 重新整理 | v. put into a new order or arrangement | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Alright! Don't get too comfortable there, because I'm back in two weeks! And I want everything back * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shut\|shut]] | /ʃʌʃ/ | n. 关闭 | a. not open | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Well, there was talk of shutting down Ralph Lauren all together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheeky\|cheeky]] | /'tʃi:ki/ | a. 厚颜的, 无耻的, 色情的 | s offensively bold | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That's right. You're very cheeky for a temp.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wit\|wit]] | /wit/ | n. 机智, 智力, 头脑, 理智, 妙语, 机智的人 | n. a message whose ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity has the power to evo | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, they didn't tell me about your quick wit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] | /'rʌbә/ | n. 橡皮, 橡胶, 做摩擦动作的人, 按摩师, 决胜盘 | n. an elastic material obtained from the latex sap of trees (especially trees of | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Did they mention that I'm rubber and you're glue? Mr. Zelner:  Gavin, Ralph loved your ideas.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescue]] | /'reskju:/ | n. 援救, 解救, 营救 | n. recovery or preservation from loss or danger | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Oh, hi Mr. Zelner. Mr. Zelner: Rachel, I see you've met Gavin. I must say, when you left us we weren* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incidentally\|incidentally]] | /.insi'dentәli/ | adv. 伴随地, 偶然, 顺便 | r. of a minor or subordinate nature | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, wow. Super ass-kissing power. Mr. Zelner: Incidentally, when are you coming back?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#superhero\|superhero]] | /'sju:pә,hiәrәj/ | n. 超级英雄 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, I said today! See, for a superhero, not so much with the listening.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maternity\|maternity]] | /mә'tә:niti/ | n. 母性, 怀孕, 妇产科医院 | n the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman  | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Listen. Sudden change of plans. My maternity leave just ended. They told me that if I didn't come ba* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#illegal\|illegal]] | /i'li:gәl/ | a. 违法的, 不合规定的 | a. prohibited by law or by official or accepted rules | 1 | 6 | 4 | *What? No, that's illegal. I'm gonna have the labor department down her so fast they won't even...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#norma\|norma]] | /'nɒ:mә/ | n. 矩尺(星)座 | n. a small constellation in the southern hemisphere near Lupus and Ara in the Mi | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Alright, alright. Calm down Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that. I'm just afraid if I don't com* |
| rae | /rei/ | abbr. 英国皇家航空研究中心（Royal Aeronautical Establishment）；研究评估考核（高等 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Alright, alright. Calm down Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that. I'm just afraid if I don't com* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]] | /'næni/ | n. 保姆；母山羊 | n. a woman who is the custodian of children | 1 | 25 | 5 | *What about Emma? We don't have a nanny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screensaver\|screensaver]] | /skrɪn'seɪvə/ | n. 屏幕保护（程序） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I've changed your screensaver from that picture of *Nsync.* |
| nsync |  | [网络] 超级男孩；超级男孩组合；超级男孩合唱团 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I've changed your screensaver from that picture of *Nsync.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obsolete\|obsolete]] | /'ɒbsәli:t/ | a. 荒废的, 成废物的, 陈旧的, 老式的 | s no longer in use | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future ties wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weak\|weak]] | /wi:k/ | a. 不牢固的, 弱的, 虚弱的, 软弱的, 无力的, 无权力的, (论据等)不充分的 | a. wanting in physical strength | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Hi, good morning lover. I gotta say after last night, I'm a little weak in the knees.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scan\|scan]] | /skæn/ | n. 审视, 浏览, 扫描, 细查 | n. the act of scanning; systematic examination of a prescribed region | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Here's an idea. You walk into a room...take a quick scan!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] | /'kɒlә/ | n. 衣领, 颈圈 | n. a band that fits around the neck and is usually folded over | 1 | 7 | 6 | *You know what? I don't need a tie. I mean, it's better, open collar. You know, it's more casual* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#casual\|casual]] | /'kæʒjuәl/ | a. 偶然的, 不经意的, 便装的 | s. marked by blithe unconcern | 1 | 6 | 6 | *You know what? I don't need a tie. I mean, it's better, open collar. You know, it's more casual* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cafe\|cafe]] | /kɑ:'fei/ | n. 咖啡馆, 酒店 | n. a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Joey, listen. I can't do this, it doesn't make any sense. Yesterday I was a nurse, and today I'm a w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#memorable\|memorable]] | /'memәrәbl/ | a. 值得纪念的, 难忘的 | s. worth remembering | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, it's not okay, because I gave a very memorable performance as the nurse. And now suddenly I'm * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moonlight\|moonlight]] | /'mu:nlait/ | n. 月光 | n. the light of the Moon | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Maybe you are a nurse, but you moonlight as a waitress.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uhuh\|uhuh]] | /ʌ 'ʌ/ | int. 嘘 |  | 1 | 8 | 5 | *Uhuh. Because I'm a single mother, supporting my two children.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#davy\|davy]] | /'deivi/ | n. 宣誓书 | n. English chemist who was a pioneer in electrochemistry and who used it to isol | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And I just wanted a new daddy for Davy and Becky.* |
| becky | /'beki/ | n. [口]上挂钩 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And I just wanted a new daddy for Davy and Becky.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#masseuse\|masseuse]] | /mæ'sә:z/ | n. 女按摩师 | n. a female massager | 1 | 9 | 7 | *You're a masseuse. You have a table with a hole in it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#threaten\|threaten]] | /'θretn/ | vt. 恐吓, 威胁, 预示...的凶兆 | v. to utter intentions of injury or punishment against:"He threatened me when I  | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Wait a minute, I see what's happening here. You're threatened.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rise\|rise]] | /raiz/ | n. 上升, 增加, 上涨, 高地, 升高, 出现 | n. a growth in strength or number or importance | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, I'm so good in this scene that I'm stealing focus from you. Well, rise to the challenge Tribia* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#statistical\|statistical]] | /stә'tistikl/ | a. 统计的, 统计上的, 统计学的 | a. of or relating to statistics | 1 | 3 | 2 | *No, I want you to have a job that you love. Not statistical analysis and data reconfiguration.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reconfiguration\|reconfiguration]] | /'ri:kәnfi^ju'reiʃәn/ | [计] 重新配置 |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *No, I want you to have a job that you love. Not statistical analysis and data reconfiguration.* |
