---
season: 9
episode: "01"
title: "The One Where No One Proposes"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E01 — The One Where No One Proposes

*Written by: Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen Plummer*


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Room, Joey moves Ross’s coat to get the tissues Rachel wants and the engagement ring box Mrs. Geller gave him falls out of the pocket it was inside. Joey goes to one knee, picks up the box, opens it, and sees that it’s an engagement ring.

**Rachel:** Joey.

*(He turns to face Rachel on one knee with the box open.)*

**Rachel:** *(seeing the ring)* Oh my God. *(Pause)* Okay.

*(Joey is stunned.)*


> [!scene] Cut to Ross getting of an elevator carrying a bouquet of flowers and walking down the hall to Rachel’s room.


> [!scene] Cut back into Rachel’s room.

**Rachel:** So uh…I guess we should…make it official huh?

**Joey:** Uh… Look Rach…*(Ross enters.)* Hey Ross is here! Hey look! It’s my good friend Ross. Hey Ross.

**Ross:** Hey Joey. *(To Rachel)* Hey you.

**Rachel:** Hey you.

**Joey:** Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross, but I’m really more of a [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] guy. *(Laughs.)*

**Ross:** You’re weird today. *(He turns to Rachel and Joey puts the ring back.)*

*(To Rachel) Listen I uh, wanted to talk to you about something.*

**Rachel:** Uh yeah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.

**Ross:** Uh Joey, can you give us just a minute?

**Joey:** No.

**Ross:** What?

**Joey:** Oh, I’m sorry. I meant no.

**Monica:** *(entering with everyone else including Mr. Geller)* Hi! Hey look who’s here! Mr. Geller: Where’s my [[Friends-词汇总表#granddaughter\|granddaughter]]? I’ve been practicing my magic [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|tricks]].

**Chandler:** He pulled a quarter out of my [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]]!

**Ross:** Hey, where’s uh, where’s mom? Mr. Geller: She went to pick up Aunt Liddy.

**Monica:** Oh, Aunt Liddy’s coming? That means we get five dollars each! Mr. Geller: So when do I get to meet Emma and show her this? *(Pulls a bouquet of flowers out of his sleeve.)*

**Chandler:** Okay. Wow.

**Ross:** Uh Dad, Emma’s in the [[Friends-词汇总表#nursery\|nursery]]. I’ll take you now. If you want, but *(To Rachel)* I really want to talk to you.

**Rachel:** I know, I still need to talk to you.

**Joey:** Oh hey but, before you guys do that *(To Rachel)* I need to talk to you, and Ross, I need to talk to you.

**Phoebe:** *(To Monica)* Oh and I need to talk to you.

**Monica:** About what?

**Phoebe:** To see if know what these guys are talking about.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Outside the Nursery, everyone but Rachel is standing and looking into the window.

**Monica:** Isn’t she beautiful? Mr. Geller: Look at her, my first [[Friends-词汇总表#grandchild\|grandchild]].

**Ross:** What about Ben? Mr. Geller: Well of course Ben, I meant my first [[Friends-词汇总表#granddaughter\|granddaughter]]. *(To Monica, mouths)* Wow.

**Phoebe:** *(taking Ross aside)* Have umm, have you thought anymore about you and Rachel?

**Ross:** Oh well yeah, actually I was going to talk to her when you guys all came in the room.

**Phoebe:** Yay! It’s so exciting! Wow, you could’ve done that with us there.

**Ross:** Yeah right.

**Phoebe:** Oh sure okay, you can touch yourself in front of us but you can’t talk to Rachel.

**Ross:** What?! When have I ever touched myself in front of you guys?

**Phoebe:** Oh please! Just before when you were [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#lounge\|lounge]]! That Armenian family was watching you instead of the TV. Oh, that [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|reminds]] me. That Mr. Hasmeje still has my Gameboy.

**Joey:** *(taking Chandler aside)* Hey Chandler, can I talk to you for a second?

**Chandler:** Sure.

**Joey:** Dude I just did something terrible.

**Chandler:** That was you?! I thought it was Jack!

**Joey:** No! No, that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry me!

**Chandler:** What?! Why does she think that?

**Joey:** Because it kinda looked like I did.

**Chandler:** Again, what?!

**Joey:** Okay well, I was down on one [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] with the ring in my hand…

**Chandler:** As we all are at some point during the day.

**Joey:** It wasn’t my ring! It [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] out of Ross’s [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]]! And when I [[Friends-词汇总表#kneel\|knelt]] down to pick it up Rachel thought I was [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposing]]!

**Chandler:** Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]?

**Joey:** I guess.

**Chandler:** And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]!

**Joey:** I know! I know it’s [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]].

**Chandler:** Well, what did she say?

**Joey:** *(happily)* She said yes.

**Chandler:** Does Ross know?

**Joey:** Oh God, what the hell am I going to tell him?

**Chandler:** Well maybe you don’t have to tell him anything.

**Joey:** Oh, I like that. Yeah…

**Chandler:** If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!

**Joey:** *(laughs)* Now let’s not get carried away. *(He walks away as Monica comes over and hugs Chandler from behind.)*

**Monica:** I want a baby.

**Chandler:** Honey, we’ve been over this. I need to be facing the other way.

**Monica:** Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it’ll double our chances of getting [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]. Do you think that [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]]’s still available?

**Chandler:** I’m so [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]]. *(She starts kissing him.)* Yeah okay, but no [[Friends-词汇总表#foreplay\|foreplay]].

**Monica:** Deal!


> [!scene] Back in front of the nursery window.

**Ross:** Dad seriously! Y’know you really should see someone about that! Mr. Geller: Noted.

**Ross:** I wanna go talk to Rachel for a minute, are you gonna be okay alone for a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]? Mr. Geller: Are you kidding me, I could stay and look at her [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]].

**Ross:** *(noticing something)* Actually umm… *(He turns Mr. Geller’s head to look at Emma.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Room, Phoebe is entering.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Phoebe:** Are you all right?

**Rachel:** Uhh… I think I just got [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]].

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! He did it?

**Rachel:** Well…did you know he was gonna ask me?

**Phoebe:** Are you kidding? I’m like the one who talked him into it. I like to think of myself as the [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] master of the group.

**Rachel:** And you really think this is a good idea?

**Phoebe:** I just talked him into it, don’t tell me I have to do you too. The [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] master gets [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] people.

**Rachel:** I just don’t know! It just doesn’t feel right.

**Phoebe:** Why?! You two are so meant to be together, everybody thinks so.

**Rachel:** Really?! Even Ross?

**Phoebe:** Especially Ross!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Oh uh, hey Pheebs. Uh y’know what? I’ll-I’ll come back later. *(He goes to leave but runs into Ross who’s entering.)*

**Ross:** Wow! Kind of uh, kind of a full house here. I’ll guess just…I’ll come back. *(Ross exits followed by Joey.)*

**Phoebe:** There he goes, your [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]].

**Rachel:** I guess so.

**Phoebe:** Although he does play with himself in his sleep.

**Rachel:** I can’t say that I’m surprised.


> [!scene] Scene: A hallway, Joey and Ross find Mr. Geller with his ear up against a janitor’s closet door.

**Ross:** Dad, what are you doing? Mr. Geller: I think there are people in there having sex.

*(Ross turns to look at Joey.)*

**Joey:** It can’t be me, I’m standing right here. Mr. Geller: Wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#peek\|peek]]?

**Ross:** No! Mr. Geller: Come on!

**Ross:** Y’know what? I don’t like you without mom. *(To Joey)* Come on.

*(Walks away.)*

**Joey:** *(To Ross)* We’re not [[Friends-词汇总表#peek\|peeking]]? *(Follows him.)* Mr. Geller: Well I’m [[Friends-词汇总表#peek\|peeking]]. *(He peeks.)* Oh my God!

**Chandler:** Hello [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]], you know Monica.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Room, she is taking the ring out of Ross’s jacket, looks at it, and puts it on her finger as Joey enters.

**Joey:** Hey uh, is it okay to come in?

**Rachel:** Of course! Oh Joey, this ring I…it’s beautiful I love it!

**Joey:** Yeah uh look Rach, there’s something I gotta tell ya.

*(There’s a knock on the door and a nurse enters carrying Emma.)*

**Rachel:** Hey!

**Nurse:** Hey! Are you ready to try [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nursing]] again?

**Rachel:** Yeah! Hi Emma. Hey, why do you think she won’t take my breast?

**Nurse:** It’s all right honey, it takes some babies a while to get it, but don’t worry. It’ll happen.

**Joey:** *(watching)* Yowsa! *(Looks away.)*

**Rachel:** Okay sweetie, you can do it. Just open up and put it in your [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]].

**Joey:** Dear Lord.

**Rachel:** I’m sorry honey, what were you saying?

**Joey:** Oh uh-uh yeah, I think that…

**Rachel:** Oh look, she’s pulling away again! Do you think my [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipples]] are too big for her [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]]? *(Joey gets embarrassed.)* She looks scared. Doesn’t she look scared?

**Joey:** Y’know, I don’t really know her.

**Nurse:** Why don’t we try [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massaging]] the breast to [[Friends-词汇总表#stimulate\|stimulate]] the flow. *(Does so.)*

**Joey:** *(To God)* Are you kidding me?!

**Rachel:** It’s just so [[Friends-词汇总表#frustrate\|frustrating]]! Why doesn’t she want my breast?!

**Joey:** I don’t know! Maybe she’s crazy! *(Storms out.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Lobby, Ross is eating a sandwich as Phoebe rushes up to him.

**Phoebe:** Oh hey! Wait up!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Phoebe:** Congratulations! I didn’t want to say anything in front of Joey ‘cause I didn’t know if he knew yet.

**Ross:** What, that we had a baby? Come on let’s give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of plastic [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] earlier.

**Phoebe:** No! No, that you and Rachel are [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]]!

**Ross:** What?

**Phoebe:** Oh, it’s a [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]]. Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#goodie\|goodie]]! Yes! We haven’t done the secret thing in a long time.

**Ross:** Phoebe, there is no [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]]. Okay? I didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]].

**Phoebe:** Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] us that you were a doctor?

**Ross:** *(pause)* I am a doctor! Y’know what? I’m just gonna go and talk to Rachel myself.

**Phoebe:** All right, me too. *(They go into her room and see that she’s sleeping.)* Should we wake her up?

**Ross:** No! No, come on let her sleep! She’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhausted]].

**Phoebe:** And so [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]]. *(Points to the ring that Rachel is wearing.)*

**Ross:** What? *(Motions for Phoebe to go outside with him.)* Oh my God! She-she thinks we’re [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]]! Why? Why? Why would she think we’re engaged?!

**Phoebe:** Perhaps because you gave her an [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] ring? Y’know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.

**Ross:** I didn’t give her that ring!

**Phoebe:** Really?

**Ross:** No!

**Phoebe:** So whose ring is it?

**Ross:** It’s mine.

**Phoebe:** Is it an [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] ring?

**Ross:** Yes!

**Phoebe:** But you didn’t give it to her?

**Ross:** No!

**Phoebe:** But you were going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]?

**Ross:** No!!

**Phoebe:** Huh, I might be losing interest in this.

**Ross:** Look. Look, my mom gave me that ring because she wanted me to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to Rachel, but all I wanted to do is if she maybe…kinda…wanted ah…start…things up again.

**Phoebe:** Oh, what beautiful [[Friends-词汇总表#lukewarm\|lukewarm]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sentiment\|sentiment]].

**Ross:** Look, I didn’t want to [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] into anything. And it seemed like she didn’t want to either. But I don’t, I don’t understand how any of this happened! What? Did she find the ring in my [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]], [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] that I was going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]], throw it on, and-and just start telling people?

**Phoebe:** No! No, she said you actually [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] to her.

**Ross:** Well I didn’t! I didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]! *(Pause)* Unless uh… *(Pause)* Did I? I haven’t slept in [[Friends-词汇总表#forty\|forty]] hours and…it does sound like something I would do.


---

**Commercial Break**


> [!scene] Scene: The Janitor’s Closet, Chandler and Monica are trying to figure out what to do now.

**Chandler:** Look, we can’t stay in here [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]].

**Monica:** Oh, I still can’t believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn’t make it to one of [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]] [[Friends-词汇总表#recital\|recitals]], but this he sees!

**Chandler:** This is okay. We’re all adults here; there’s nothing to be [[Friends-词汇总表#ashamed\|ashamed]] of. Now, let’s put our [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] in our pockets and walk out the door. *(They do so and find Mr. Geller leaning against a wall stunned.)*

**Monica:** Hi Dad! I can still call you that right? Mr. Geller: Of course. I’ll always be your dad.

**Chandler:** I just want you to know that what you [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witnessed]] in there, that wasn’t for fun.

**Monica:** It wasn’t fun?!

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* Why? Why-why-would you—Wh-why… *(To Mr. Geller)* Look, I just don’t want you to think that we’re animals who do it [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] we want. Mr. Geller: Oh, I don’t think that. Before today I never thought of you two having sex at all. It was a [[Friends-词汇总表#simpler\|simpler]] time.

**Monica:** The truth is, Dad, we’re-we’re trying. Mr. Geller: What?

**Monica:** Yeah, we’re trying to get [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]. Mr. Geller: Oh my God! This is so exciting! Well, get back in there! *(Points to the closet)* I’ll [[Friends-词汇总表#guard\|guard]] the door!

**Monica:** Well, that’s okay dad, we-we can wait until later. Mr. Geller: Whoa-whoa-whoa! I don’t think so! Aren’t you [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulating]]?

**Monica:** Daddy?! Mr. Geller: Well you gotta get at it [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]]! When your mother and I were trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#conceive\|conceive]] you, [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] she was [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulating]], [[Friends-词汇总表#bam\|bam]], we did it. That’s how I got my bad [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]].

**Chandler:** That’s funny, this [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]]’s how I got the [[Friends-词汇总表#bullet\|bullet]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] in my head. Mr. Geller: This one time I had my [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] up on the [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] and your mother, she was…

**Monica:** Daddy! I don’t think we need to hear about the specific positions you and mom had sex. Mr. Geller: You’re right, you’re right. This is about your positions. Now, what I saw in the [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] is not the [[Friends-词汇总表#optimum\|optimum]] position for [[Friends-词汇总表#conceive\|conceiving]] a child, although it might feel good.

**Monica:** I don’t feel good right now. Mr. Geller: But [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] is important, *(To Chandler)* and it helps if the woman has an [[Friends-词汇总表#orgasm\|orgasm]]. You up to the task [[Friends-词汇总表#sailor\|sailor]]?

**Chandler:** Seriously [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]], my brains? All over the wall.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Room, Monica is entering.

**Monica:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey. I need to tell you something.

**Monica:** Well, now’s a good time. I’m on my way to have my [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ears]] cut off.

**Rachel:** Joey asked me marry him.

**Monica:** What?

**Rachel:** Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] to me.

**Monica:** Is he crazy?! You just had Ross’s baby!

**Rachel:** Well, I-I said yes.

**Monica:** What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross’s baby! It’s-it’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]]. No, it’s worse than that. It’s wrong. It’s… It is [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] than mine! *(Rachel’s engagement ring.)*

**Rachel:** I know. Days of Our Lives, thank you very much.

**Monica:** You can’t marry him!

**Rachel:** Why not? I don’t want to do this alone! And he’s such a sweet guy and he loves me so much.

**Monica:** Well do you love him?

**Rachel:** Sure.

**Monica:** Sure?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I mean whatever.

**Monica:** Honey, the question is…do you really want to marry Joey?

**Rachel:** No. No, I don’t. Could you be a [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] and go tell him?


> [!scene] Scene: A Hallway, Chandler is following Joey.

**Chandler:** You still haven’t told Rachel you weren’t really [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposing]]?

**Joey:** No! She had the ring on, she seemed so excited, and then she took her breast out.

**Chandler:** Joey, you have to tell her what’s going on! And what did it look like?!

**Joey:** I didn’t look at it. Stupid baby’s head was blocking most of it.

**Chandler:** Go and tell Rachel right now before Ross finds out.

**Joey:** Look, it’s not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don’t want to hurt her.

**Chandler:** Okay, look, just do it [[Friends-词汇总表#gently\|gently]].

**Joey:** You’re right. You’re right. I-I’ll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I’ll be [[Friends-词汇总表#gentle\|gentle]]. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh, by the way. Two people [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwing]] in there *(Points to the closet Chandler and Monica were in)* if you want to check that out.


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel’s Room, Ross is entering.

**Ross:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Ross:** Listen, I um… I heard about the [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]].

**Rachel:** Surprised?

**Ross:** And [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]]. Rach, sweetie, I-I um…I didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to you.

**Rachel:** I know.

**Ross:** I don’t think you do.

**Rachel:** You didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to me. Joey did.

**Ross:** Poor baby, you’re so [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]]. Rach, I didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to you, Joey didn’t propose to you, and Chandler didn’t propose to you.

**Rachel:** Uh… You didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to me, Chandler didn’t propose to me, but Joey did.

*(Joey enters.)*

**Ross:** Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] to you?

**Joey:** I can come back.

**Ross:** Hey, wait! Wait-wait-wait! Joey, did you [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to her?

**Joey:** No.

**Rachel:** Yes you did!

**Joey:** Actually, [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]], I didn’t.

**Rachel:** Well then why did you give me a ring?

**Ross:** Wait! Whoa-whoa, you…you gave her the ring?

**Joey:** No! No, and I did not ask her to marry me!

**Rachel:** Yes, you did!

**Joey:** No, I didn’t!

**Rachel:** Yes, you did!

**Joey:** No, I didn’t!

**Rachel:** Yes, you did! And don’t you say, "No, I didn’t!"

**Joey:** Ahhh!

**Rachel:** He was right there. He got down on one [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]].

**Ross:** Whoa! You were down on one [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]]?

**Joey:** Yeah. Yeah, that looks bad. But I didn’t…I didn’t [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]!

**Ross:** Then what did happen?

**Rachel:** Yeah, what did happen?

**Joey:** Okay, the ring [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposing]].

**Rachel:** Yeah, but you said, "Will you marry me?"

**Joey:** No, I didn’t!

**Rachel:** Yes, you did!

**Joey:** No, I didn’t!

**Rachel:** Yes, you did—Oh my God you didn’t! *(Screams)* Well then why didn’t you tell me that before?!

**Joey:** Well I tried, but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!

**Ross:** Whoa! Hey! Whoa-whoa-whoa, you saw her breast?!

**Joey:** *(To Ross)* I’ll tell you about it later. Be cool.

**Rachel:** Well then Joey, what the hell were you doing with an [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] ring?!

**Joey:** It wasn’t my ring! It’s Ross’s ring! That’s why I felt so bad Rach, because he was going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]].

**Ross:** What?!

**Rachel:** You were gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to me?

**Ross:** Uhh… No.

*(An awkward silence follows.)*

**Joey:** Well, this is [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]]. {See? I told you so.}

**Ross:** But I-I was going to see if y’know, maybe you uh, start dating again but that—I mean that-that was all, Rach.

**Joey:** Dude, step up! I [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]].

**Ross:** No, you didn’t!

**Joey:** Oh that’s right. There’s a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] earlier.

*(There’s a knock on the door and the Nurse enters carrying Emma.)*

**Nurse:** Hey, she just woke up! She’s [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]]. Why don’t we give this another try?

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Ross:** *(To Joey)* I can’t believe you told her I was going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]!

**Joey:** I can’t believe you’re not going to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]!

**Ross:** Hey, I’m not going to [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] into anything!

**Joey:** Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] things down!

**Rachel:** Oh my God!

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** She’s doing it Look, she’s breast-feeding look!

**Joey:** *(looking at the ceiling)* Ah, it’s beautiful.

**Nurse:** I’ll come back for her later.

**Rachel:** Okay.

**Ross:** Thank you. *(The nurse exits.)*

**Rachel:** Oh wow, this feels weird.

**Ross:** Good weird?

**Rachel:** Wonderful weird.

**Joey:** Y’know what you guys? I’m uh, I’m gonna go too. And uh, I’m sorry about everything.

**Rachel:** Honey don’t worry, it was my [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]].

**Joey:** No, Rach, I should’ve told you [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]]. It’s just that…Man! That kid is going to town! *(Joey makes his awkward exit.)*

**Rachel:** She’s perfect.

**Ross:** We’re so lucky.

**Rachel:** We really are.

**Ross:** Look, I-I know it’s not a [[Friends-词汇总表#proposal\|proposal]] and I don’t know where you are, but with everything that’s been going on and with Emma and…I’ve been [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]…

**Rachel:** I know. I know. I’ve [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]…

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** Yeah. *(Laughs nervously)*

**Ross:** Okay, well, that… Wow, okay, well, umm…then maybe, at least we can, we can talk about us again.

**Rachel:** Yeah, maybe.

**Ross:** Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think y’know if we…if… You’re wearing the ring.

*(Pause.)*

**Rachel:** Wh-what’s that?

**Ross:** And you told Phoebe you were [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engaged]].

**Rachel:** I’m sorry, what?

**Ross:** When you thought Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] did…did you say yes?


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Outside the Janitor’s Closet, there are people having sex and Mr. Geller is trying to give them some pamphlets.] Mr. Geller: Kids, I spoke to a doctor and picked up this pamphlets on how to get pregnant. (He slides them under the door.)

**Monica:** *(walking by with Chandler.)* Hey dad!

**Chandler:** Hey. Mr. Geller: *(pause)* Sorry to [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] you again, but could you pass my [[Friends-词汇总表#pamphlet\|pamphlets]] back? *(They do so.)* Thank you.


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 21 | 376 | 86 | *Hi! Hey look who’s here! Mr. Geller: Where’s my granddaughter? I’ve been practicing my magic tricks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 9 | 296 | 85 | *Uh Dad, Emma’s in the nursery. I’ll take you now. If you want, but  I really want to talk to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 7 | 422 | 131 | *No! No, that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 4 | 442 | 191 | *So uh…I guess we should…make it official huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 4 | 266 | 138 | *You’re weird today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 4 | 308 | 105 | *Hey, where’s uh, where’s mom? Mr. Geller: She went to pick up Aunt Liddy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 3 | 211 | 141 | *I wanna go talk to Rachel for a minute, are you gonna be okay alone for a bit? Mr. Geller: Are you k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *It’s all right honey, it takes some babies a while to get it, but don’t worry. It’ll happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *I don’t know! Maybe she’s crazy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Yay! It’s so exciting! Wow, you could’ve done that with us there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Oh God, what the hell am I going to tell him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Dad seriously! Y’know you really should see someone about that! Mr. Geller: Noted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Although he does play with himself in his sleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 2 | 99 | 67 | *I can’t say that I’m surprised.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *It’s all right honey, it takes some babies a while to get it, but don’t worry. It’ll happen.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 2 | 73 | 55 | *Oh look, she’s pulling away again! Do you think my nipples are too big for her mouth?  She looks sca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *It’s mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *He pulled a quarter out of my ear!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Have umm, have you thought anymore about you and Rachel?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Dude I just did something terrible.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now befo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *What, that we had a baby? Come on let’s give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of pl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us that you were a doctor?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *All right, me too.  Should we wake her up?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Y’know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Huh, I might be losing interest in this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Look, I didn’t want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn’t want to either. But I don’t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross’s baby! It’s-it’s so inappropriate. No, it’s worse than that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Yeah, I mean whatever.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *I didn’t look at it. Stupid baby’s head was blocking most of it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Look, it’s not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don’t want to hurt her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Wonderful weird.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *We’re so lucky.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think y’know if we…if… You’re wearing the ring.* |

### 常用词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] | /prә'pәuz/ | vt. 计划, 打算, 建议, 提议, 求(婚) | v. make a proposal, declare a plan for something | 20 | 33 | 17 | *Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna propose?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 6 | 40 | 20 | *Uhh… I think I just got engaged.* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 4 | 204 | 33 | *Oh, Aunt Liddy’s coming? That means we get five dollars each! Mr. Geller: So when do I get to meet E* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 4 | 23 | 18 | *Okay well, I was down on one knee with the ring in my hand…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engagement\|engagement]] | /in'geidʒdmәnt/ | n. 诺言, 约会, 婚约, 交战 | n. employment for performers or performing groups that lasts for a limited perio | 4 | 26 | 13 | *Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Y’know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 3 | 53 | 40 | *I’m so tired.  Yeah okay, but no foreplay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 3 | 68 | 39 | *Oh, it’s a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We haven’t done the secret thing in a long time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 2 | 60 | 37 | *Hey, where’s uh, where’s mom? Mr. Geller: She went to pick up Aunt Liddy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 2 | 50 | 38 | *It wasn’t my ring! It fell out of Ross’s jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 2 | 40 | 33 | *It wasn’t my ring! It fell out of Ross’s jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 2 | 118 | 49 | *Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it’ll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] | /'klɒzit/ | n. 壁橱, 小室 | n. a small private room for study or prayer | 2 | 32 | 20 | *Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it’ll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 2 | 58 | 48 | *I wanna go talk to Rachel for a minute, are you gonna be okay alone for a bit? Mr. Geller: Are you k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 2 | 70 | 43 | *Hello sir, you know Monica.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 2 | 43 | 36 | *Okay sweetie, you can do it. Just open up and put it in your mouth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 2 | 53 | 40 | *Dear Lord.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 2 | 23 | 14 | *What, that we had a baby? Come on let’s give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of pl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rush\|rush]] | /rʌʃ/ | n. 匆促, 冲进, 急流, 灯心草 | n. a sudden forceful flow | 2 | 29 | 25 | *Look, I didn’t want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn’t want to either. But I don’t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] | /hwen'evә/ | conj. 每当 | adv. & conj. At whatever time. | 2 | 30 | 27 | *Why? Why-why-would you—Wh-why…  Look, I just don’t want you to think that we’re animals who do it wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] | /'kændi/ | n. 糖果, 冰糖 | n. a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts | 1 | 57 | 23 | *Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross, but I’m really more of a candy guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Hi! Hey look who’s here! Mr. Geller: Where’s my granddaughter? I’ve been practicing my magic tricks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] | /iә/ | n. 耳朵, 倾听, 听觉, 穗 | n. the sense organ for hearing and equilibrium | 1 | 37 | 28 | *He pulled a quarter out of my ear!* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay! It’s so exciting! Wow, you could’ve done that with us there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 1 | 65 | 36 | *Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you ins* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you ins* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *I know! I know it’s awful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipple]] | /'nipl/ | n. 乳头, 奶头, 奶嘴 | n. the small projection of a mammary gland | 1 | 24 | 14 | *Oh look, she’s pulling away again! Do you think my nipples are too big for her mouth?  She looks sca* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *Why don’t we try massaging the breast to stimulate the flow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Congratulations! I didn’t want to say anything in front of Joey ‘cause I didn’t know if he knew yet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us that you were a doctor?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exhaust\|exhaust]] | /ig'zɒ:st/ | n. 排气, 排气装置, 废气 | n. gases ejected from an engine as waste products | 1 | 11 | 11 | *No! No, come on let her sleep! She’s so exhausted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Look, I didn’t want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn’t want to either. But I don’t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *This is okay. We’re all adults here; there’s nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let’s put our underwear * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aren\|aren]] |  | n. 雅伦（英国的音响品牌）；爱伦（男子名） |  | 1 | 69 | 45 | *Well, that’s okay dad, we-we can wait until later. Mr. Geller: Whoa-whoa-whoa! I don’t think so! Are* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]] | /'prinsis/ | n. 公主, 王妃, 女巨头 | n. a female member of a royal family other than the queen (especially the daught | 1 | 22 | 10 | *Daddy?! Mr. Geller: Well you gotta get at it princess! When your mother and I were trying to conceiv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *That’s funny, this conversation’s how I got the bullet hole in my head. Mr. Geller: This one time I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *That’s funny, this conversation’s how I got the bullet hole in my head. Mr. Geller: This one time I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *That’s funny, this conversation’s how I got the bullet hole in my head. Mr. Geller: This one time I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *I don’t feel good right now. Mr. Geller: But pleasure is important,  and it helps if the woman has a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] | /.inә'prәupriәt/ | a. 不适当的, 不相称的 | a. not suitable for a particular occasion etc | 1 | 21 | 18 | *What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross’s baby! It’s-it’s so inappropriate. No, it’s worse than that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 1 | 49 | 32 | *What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross’s baby! It’s-it’s so inappropriate. No, it’s worse than that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *You’re right. You’re right. I-I’ll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I’ll be gentle. I can d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *And confused. Rach, sweetie, I-I um…I didn’t propose to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#technically\|technically]] | /'teknikli/ | adv. 技术上, 学术上, 专门地 | r. with regard to technique | 1 | 25 | 22 | *Actually, technically, I didn’t.* |
| ahhh |  | [网络] 啊；外衣和匕首；那欸安 |  | 1 | 28 | 27 | *Ahhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] | /'ɒ:kwәd/ | a. 笨拙的, 棘手的 | s. causing inconvenience | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Well, this is awkward. {See? I told you so.}* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hungry\|hungry]] | /'hʌŋgi/ | a. 饥饿的, 荒年的, 渴望的, 不毛的 | a. feeling hunger; feeling a need or desire to eat food | 1 | 33 | 28 | *Hey, she just woke up! She’s hungry. Why don’t we give this another try?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Honey don’t worry, it was my mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sooner\|sooner]] | /'su:nә/ | n. (美)(非正式)抢先占有土地者, 抢先而获得不正当利益的人 | r. comparatives of `soon' or `early' | 1 | 16 | 11 | *No, Rach, I should’ve told you sooner. It’s just that…Man! That kid is going to town!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Hey. Mr. Geller:  Sorry to bother you again, but could you pass my pamphlets back?  Thank you.* |

### 低频词（36）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#granddaughter\|granddaughter]] | /'^rændɔ:tә(r)/ | n. 孙女, 外孙女 | n. a female grandchild | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Hi! Hey look who’s here! Mr. Geller: Where’s my granddaughter? I’ve been practicing my magic tricks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#liddy\|liddy]] |  | n. (Liddy)人名；(英)利迪 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey, where’s uh, where’s mom? Mr. Geller: She went to pick up Aunt Liddy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#puppet\|puppet]] | /'pʌpit/ | n. 傀儡, 木偶 | n. a small figure of a person operated from above with strings by a puppeteer | 2 | 12 | 8 | *Are you kidding? I’m like the one who talked him into it. I like to think of myself as the puppet ma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peek\|peek]] | /pi:k/ | vi. 偷看, 窥视 | n. a secret look | 2 | 8 | 5 | *We’re not peeking?  Mr. Geller: Well I’m peeking.  Oh my God!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ovulate\|ovulate]] | /'әuvjuleit/ | vi. 排卵, 产卵 | v. produce and discharge eggs | 2 | 14 | 4 | *Well, that’s okay dad, we-we can wait until later. Mr. Geller: Whoa-whoa-whoa! I don’t think so! Are* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentle\|gentle]] | /'dʒentl/ | a. 温和的, 文雅的 | v. stroke soothingly | 2 | 11 | 9 | *You’re right. You’re right. I-I’ll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I’ll be gentle. I can d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nursery\|nursery]] | /'nә:sәri/ | n. 托儿所, 苗圃, 温床 | n. a child's room for a baby | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Uh Dad, Emma’s in the nursery. I’ll take you now. If you want, but  I really want to talk to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandchild\|grandchild]] | /'^rændtʃaild/ | n. 孙, 外孙女, 外孙, 孙女, 孙子 | n. a child of your son or daughter | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Isn’t she beautiful? Mr. Geller: Look at her, my first grandchild.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lounge\|lounge]] | /laundʒ/ | n. 闲逛, 休闲室, 长沙发 | n. a room (as in a hotel or airport) with seating where people can wait | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you ins* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#armenian\|armenian]] | /ɑ:'mi:njәn/ | a. 亚美尼亚的, 亚美尼亚人的 | n. a native or inhabitant of Armenia | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you ins* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gameboy\|gameboy]] | /'geimbɔi/ | n. 一种小型的游戏机 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you ins* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kneel\|kneel]] | /ni:l/ | vi. 跪下 | n. supporting yourself on your knees | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It wasn’t my ring! It fell out of Ross’s jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foreplay\|foreplay]] | /ˈfɔ:pleɪ/ | n. 性交前的爱抚, 前奏, 前戏 | n. mutual sexual fondling prior to sexual intercourse | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’m so tired.  Yeah okay, but no foreplay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fiance\|fiance]] | /fi'ɒnsei/ | n. 未婚夫 | n. a man who is engaged to be married | 1 | 7 | 4 | *There he goes, your fiance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stimulate\|stimulate]] | /'stimjuleit/ | vt. 刺激, 激励, 鼓舞 | v. act as a stimulant | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Why don’t we try massaging the breast to stimulate the flow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frustrate\|frustrate]] | /'frʌstreit/ | vt. 挫败, 击败, 破坏 | v hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of | 1 | 6 | 5 | *It’s just so frustrating! Why doesn’t she want my breast?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodie\|goodie]] | /'ɡudi/ | n. 身份低微之老妇；正面人物；好人 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, it’s a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We haven’t done the secret thing in a long time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lukewarm\|lukewarm]] | /'lu:kwɒ:m/ | a. 微温的, 不热的, 不热情的 | s. moderately warm | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, what beautiful lukewarm sentiment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentiment\|sentiment]] | /'sentimәnt/ | n. 感情, 感伤, 情操, 情绪, 感想, 意见 | n. tender, romantic, or nostalgic feeling or emotion | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, what beautiful lukewarm sentiment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forty\|forty]] | /'fɒ:ti/ | num. 四十, 四十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and four | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Well I didn’t! I didn’t propose!  Unless uh…  Did I? I haven’t slept in forty hours and…it does soun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]] | /pi'ɑ:nәu/ | n. 钢琴 | n. a keyboard instrument that is played by depressing keys that cause hammers to | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Oh, I still can’t believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn’t make it to one of piano recitals, but * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recital\|recital]] | /ri'saitl/ | n. 背诵, 吟诵, 详述 | n. performance of music or dance especially by soloists | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I still can’t believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn’t make it to one of piano recitals, but * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ashamed\|ashamed]] | /ә'ʃeimd/ | a. 惭愧的, 羞耻的 | a. feeling shame or guilt or embarrassment or remorse | 1 | 6 | 6 | *This is okay. We’re all adults here; there’s nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let’s put our underwear * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#witness\|witness]] | /'witnis/ | n. 证人, 目击者, 证据, 证词 | n. someone who sees an event and reports what happened | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I just want you to know that what you witnessed in there, that wasn’t for fun.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#simpler\|simpler]] |  | n. 药草采集者 | a having few parts; not complex or complicated or involved | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Why? Why-why-would you—Wh-why…  Look, I just don’t want you to think that we’re animals who do it wh* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guard\|guard]] | /gɑ:d/ | n. 守卫者, 警戒, 护卫队, 防护装置 | n. a person who keeps watch over something or someone | 1 | 15 | 9 | *Yeah, we’re trying to get pregnant. Mr. Geller: Oh my God! This is so exciting! Well, get back in th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conceive\|conceive]] | /kәn'si:v/ | vt. 构思, 认为 | v. become pregnant; undergo conception | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Daddy?! Mr. Geller: Well you gotta get at it princess! When your mother and I were trying to conceiv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bam\|bam]] | /bæm/ | n. 欺骗, 哄骗 | n. an ancient city in southeastern Iran; destroyed by an earthquake in 2003 | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Daddy?! Mr. Geller: Well you gotta get at it princess! When your mother and I were trying to conceiv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]] | /hip/ | n. 臀部, 蔷薇果, 忧郁 | n. either side of the body below the waist and above the thigh | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Daddy?! Mr. Geller: Well you gotta get at it princess! When your mother and I were trying to conceiv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bullet\|bullet]] | /'bulit/ | n. 子弹 | n. a projectile that is fired from a gun | 1 | 6 | 4 | *That’s funny, this conversation’s how I got the bullet hole in my head. Mr. Geller: This one time I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#optimum\|optimum]] | /'ɒptimәm/ | n. 最适条件, 最佳效果 | n. most favorable conditions or greatest degree or amount possible under given c | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Daddy! I don’t think we need to hear about the specific positions you and mom had sex. Mr. Geller: Y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#orgasm\|orgasm]] | /'ɒ:gæzm/ | n. 极度兴奋, 兴奋的高潮, (感情等的)爆发 | n. the moment of most intense pleasure in sexual intercourse | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I don’t feel good right now. Mr. Geller: But pleasure is important,  and it helps if the woman has a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sailor\|sailor]] | /'seilә/ | n. 水手, 船员, 海员 | n. any member of a ship's crew | 1 | 8 | 6 | *I don’t feel good right now. Mr. Geller: But pleasure is important,  and it helps if the woman has a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gently\|gently]] | /'dʒentli/ | adv. 温和地, 温柔地, 轻轻地, 逐渐地 | r. in a gradual manner | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, look, just do it gently.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proposal\|proposal]] | /prә'pәuzl/ | n. 提议, 计划, 求婚 | n. something proposed (such as a plan or assumption) | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Look, I-I know it’s not a proposal and I don’t know where you are, but with everything that’s been g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pamphlet\|pamphlet]] | /'pæmflit/ | n. 小册子, 活页文选 | n a small book usually having a paper cover | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey. Mr. Geller:  Sorry to bother you again, but could you pass my pamphlets back?  Thank you.* |
