---
season: 9
episode: "16"
title: "916 - The One With The Boob Job"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E16 — 916 - The One With The Boob Job

Keith Owen


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler and Monica are looking through some papers.

**Chandler:** Did you see our bank statement? Can this be right?

**Monica:** I know...God. I haven't seen my savings take a hit like this since I was a kid and they came up with double-stuffed Oreos. What happened to all our money?

**Chandler:** I'm not sure what they did, but I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#incline\|inclined]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] Enron.

**Monica:** I guess with you doing the [[Friends-词汇总表#internship\|internship]], we're just spending more than we're bringing in.

**Chandler:** Maybe I should [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] and get a job that pays.

**Monica:** Oh, But you're finally doing something that you love! I can't ask you to give that up. Though it'd be nice if the thing that you love was y'know... finding gold.

**Chandler:** You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bills a little late this month and maybe next month we cut back on a few things. And maybe we start eating out of Joey's [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] for a change. You're [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]]... what can you make out of backing [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]?

**Monica:** Ok worse case [[Friends-词汇总表#scenario\|scenario]] is...we [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] some money from my parents.

**Chandler:** No! We're not [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowing]] money.

**Monica:** Why not?

**Chandler:** Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] me was... well to always [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] before going into the pool house... but the other thing was never [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] money.

**Monica:** Wow! I Had no idea you had this much [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]].

**Chandler:** That's right! I do! And I'm your man. And I'm going to get us through this situation even if it means you working [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] as hard.


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment. Mike and Phoebe seem to have finished watching a movie on television.

**Mike:** I'm gonna go. *(He kisses Phoebe on the cheek)*

**Phoebe:** Why??

**Mike:** I haven't been home in a couple of days and I need to get some more clothes.

**Phoebe:** Oh...you don't have to go, I have something that will fit you.

**Mike:** I put that [[Friends-词汇总表#tube\|tube]] top on as a joke.

**Phoebe:** I want you to stay.

**Mike:** I want to stay too but I've gone as bad as much use out of these [[Friends-词汇总表#boxer\|boxers]] as I can..

**Phoebe:** Why don't you turn them inside ou...

**Mike:** Done it. *(Phoebe becomes a little more subdued)* I'll be back in a couple of hours.

**Phoebe:** I'll miss you.

**Mike:** Me too. *(He leaves. A few moments later, he enters again.)* You know what? I just [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realised]] something. I don't wanna go home.

**Phoebe:** Great! Ok...I'll go get the [[Friends-词汇总表#tube\|tube]] top.

**Mike:** No, no! What I mean is, I hate going back to my apartment now... and [[Friends-词汇总表#partly\|partly]] because I live above a known [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|crack]] [[Friends-词汇总表#den\|den]] but... [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] because when I'm there, It's just, I really miss you. So.. do you want to move in together?

**Phoebe:** Wow, Mike Hannigan...You sure know how to make a girl say "Hell yeah!"

**Mike:** So we're doing it?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Let's do it! Let's live together! *(They embrace and Mike kisses Phoebe)* Oh god, we're really going to move in together!

**Mike:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** I've always wanted to live with a guy. "Pick up your [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|socks]]!" "Put down the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] seat!" "No! We're not having sex anymore!" It's gonna be fun!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Monica enters.

**Monica:** Hey Joey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Monica:** Listen...I need to know that what I'm about to ask you, will never get back to Chandler.

*(Joey frowns...then looks as if he understands)*

**Joey:** I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about it myself. Chandler is my best friend, it would be wrong. Good...*(He winks)*...But wrong.

**Monica:** *(Looks exasperated)* Ok first of all...It would be great. But that's not what I'm here to talk to you about. I need to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] some money.

**Joey:** Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lending]] friends money is always a [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]].

**Monica:** But Chandler [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lent]] you money!

**Joey:** And I think he would tell you it was a [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]].

**Monica:** Come on...I just need it for some rent and..and some other bills.

**Joey:** Oh...how much?

**Monica:** Two [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars?

**Joey:** Two [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars!? What do you think I am? I [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] star!?

**Monica:** Yeah...

**Joey:** That's right I am! *(Opens drawer and rummages through it. Rachel enters)*

**Rachel:** Hi you guys! Joey & Monica: Hey!

**Joey:** Oo...what's in the bag?

**Rachel:** Oh er... well you know Emma started [[Friends-词汇总表#crawl\|crawling]]? I [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realised]] that this place, is very [[Friends-词汇总表#unsafe\|unsafe]] for a baby. So I went to the store and got some stuff to baby-[[Friends-词汇总表#proof\|proof]] the apartment.

**Joey:** Oh...baby-[[Friends-词汇总表#proof\|proofing]]... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when I was a kid it was like.. "Whoops! Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] down the [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]]!" or er.. "Whoops! Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#electrocute\|electrocuted]] himself again!" Huh!

**Monica:** Anyway erm, are you going to get a [[Friends-词汇总表#handyman\|handyman]] to install this stuff?

**Rachel:** No. I was just going to do this myself. *(Joey makes a sarcastic laugh.)*

**Joey:** You're gonna do it?

**Rachel:** Yeah, Why? You don't think a woman can do this?

**Joey:** Oh, women can. You can't.

**Rachel:** Monica...would you please tell Joey that he is a [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]]?

**Monica:** You're a [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]]. And you can't do this.

**Rachel:** Wha!? What!? Come on! I found the hardware store all by myself!

**Joey:** The hardware store is right down the street.

**Rachel:** There is a hardware store right down the street?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Ross, Chandler and Monica are sitting on the couch. Phoebe and Mike enters.

**Phoebe:** Hey you guys! Ok, we've got great news.

**Mike:** Phoebe and I are moving in together.

**Monica, Chandler, Ross:** Congratulations!/Good for you!/Great!

**Phoebe:** I know it's so exciting! You know I've never lived with a guy before.

**Monica:** Well you know it's just like living with a girl. Only they don't steal your [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]]. Unless they're playing "This is what my sister would look like" *(Looks at Chandler)*

**Chandler:** Yeah.... she's not so cute.

**Mike:** I'm gonna go to the bathroom.

**Phoebe:** Okay, well you put down the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] seat.

**Mike:** Yes [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]].

**Monica:** Is that a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] you guys do?

**Phoebe:** Uh huh...we're playing you two.

**Monica:** We don't do that! Tell her we don't do that!

**Chandler:** Yes [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]].

**Ross:** I can't believe you guys are moving in together. That's, that's great! I mean...I'm happy for you guys..

**Monica:** I hear wedding [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bells]].

**Phoebe:** Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I see [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] being married to Mike? Sure! Yeah. Y'know..I can picture myself walking down the [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] in a wedding dress that [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlights]] my breasts in an [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] yet [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]] way. But do I want that house in Connecticut...you know..near the good schools where Mike and I can send Sophie and Mike Junior.. Oh my god I do.

**Ross:** Phoebe, I had no idea you were so [[Friends-词汇总表#conventional\|conventional]].

**Phoebe:** I know! I guess I am! Oh my god! Load up the Volvo I want to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] mom!

**Mike:** You ready to go?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! You bet [[Friends-词汇总表#roomy\|roomy]]!

**Monica:** Don't you mean..groomy?

**Mike:** What are you talking about?

**Phoebe:** Oh please, these guys, we haven't even moved in yet and they have us [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] out china patterns. *(Mike seems to gag a little...and laughs nervously. They begin to leave. Phoebe bolts back)*

**Phoebe:** China patterns!!!!!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Rachel is fiddling with the drawer.

**Rachel:** This is easy...Can't do this! *(Moves away...and finds her sweater sleeve stuck to the drawer)* Oh! Wow! Seriously I can't do this. *(Fiddles more)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler sits on the couch. Joey sits at the round table

**Chandler:** Hey Joe!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Listen er..I need to ask you a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] but you can't tell Monica anything about it.

**Joey:** I thought you didn't have [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secrets]] from Monica.

**Chandler:** And that would have made the official party line. *(Joey nods)* Monica and I are having a little financial [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]].

**Joey:** Yeah, I know.

**Chandler:** What? What do you mean you know?

**Joey:** Err... I just figured it out! You know, I mean you're not working and the economy is bad.

**Chandler:** Oh! Right.

**Joey:** *(to himself)* That's the [[Friends-词汇总表#fastest\|fastest]] I have ever thought!

**Chandler:** Anyway, err... I need to [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] some money.

**Joey:** Oh! Sure! How much? Two [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars?

**Chandler:** Yes! Two [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars exactly! How do you know that! *(Joey begins writing a cheque)*

**Joey:** Err...Well I...Know how much you used to make and I know how much your rent is. *(shrugs)*

**Chandler:** Oh ok.

**Joey:** *(To himself)* I am on fire! Chandler *(Stands up and walks to Joey)*: Listen...this is really nice. Do you...

*(sees his chequebook) Did you write a cheque to Monica for two thousand dollars? Did Monica borrow money from you?*

**Joey:** Err... Kind of.

**Chandler:** I can't believe her! Did she tell you we were having money problems?

**Joey:** Oh no no no no no... It wasn't... It wasn't because of your money problems, it was for something for her.

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** Something personal.

**Chandler:** What would she get for [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] for two [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars that she wouldn't tell me about?

*(Woman with huge breasts cuts across them. Takes Joey's coffee)*

**Woman:** Excuse me.

**Joey:** Boob job.

**Monica:** I don't want her to get a [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] job! That's crazy!

**Joey:** Well it's...It's not that crazy okay? Making them [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]], that would be crazy.


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment. Phoebe and Mike are packing stuff.

**Mike:** Well hey, I wanna ask you about Monica's little "groomy" joke.

**Phoebe:** Oh! Alright. Well I think the reason people laugh is becuase it's a play on the word [[Friends-词汇总表#roomy\|roomy]].

**Mike:** I get the joke. Sophisticated as it was. Now the thing I wanna say is... maybe we should have talked about this before. Us living together, you're not expecting a [[Friends-词汇总表#proposal\|proposal]], right?

**Phoebe:** Oh no! No no! Not at all. We're just moving in right now. See where it goes.

**Mike:** Yeah well, that's the thing. For me it's as far as it can ever go.

**Phoebe:** What do you mean?

**Mike:** Look. Phoebe, I-I love you. Very much. But I never want to get married again.

**Phoebe:** Oh. Wow.

**Mike:** It's just my first [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] was, you know such a [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disaster]]. I kind of lost faith in the whole idea.

**Phoebe:** Was it really that bad?

**Mike:** At one point near the end she [[Friends-词汇总表#deliberately\|deliberately]] [[Friends-词汇总表#defecate\|defecated]].....

**Phoebe:** Ok, well that's bad. But don't you think it might be different with someone else? Perhaps a [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] who always uses a [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]]. Except for once in the ocean.

**Mike:** Look it's not about who I would marry. And I was certain the first time I got married it would last [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]]. And I was totally wrong!

**Phoebe:** But it's just...

**Mike:** Look Phoebe, It's not about you. I just never wanna get married again.

**Phoebe:** Oh!

**Mike:** I'm sorry. Are you ok with that? Cause if not...maybe us moving in together isn't the best idea.

**Phoebe:** No! I definitely don't wanna get married. No I just wanted to make sure you didn't want to too. Whew! Coz you know when we move in and you start changing your mind there's gonna be hell to pay [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]]!

**Mike:** Trust me, I will never...

**Phoebe:** Yeah I get that.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Rachel is flipping through magazines. Handyman is installing things. Monica enters.

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Monica:** So you gave in and [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to call someone?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I don't know who I was kidding. I can [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] use [[Friends-词汇总表#chopstick\|chopsticks]].

**Handyman:** You're all set. *(picks up his bag and starts to leave)*

**Rachel:** Oh thank you so much. *(Picks up the guy's spirit level)* Oh oh wait! You forgot your erm...Your game. *(hands it to him)*

**Handyman:** Thanks.....

*(Chandler enters)*

**Chandler:** Hey Rach! There she is...My [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#proportion\|proportioned]] wife.

**Rachel:** Don't look at me I never get his jokes.

**Monica:** Thank you?

**Chandler:** Oh no..don't thank me. Thank you. You know there's not one thing I would change about you? Not one single thing! And definitely not... two... single things.

**Monica:** Ok, you're being [[Friends-词汇总表#wierd\|wierd]]. Do you want sex or did you do something bad?

**Chandler:** No no! I just love the way you look, I am [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]], for your form.

**Monica:** Ok..You know the old classics you know,You look nice? They're still ok.

**Chandler:** Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to [[Friends-词汇总表#compliment\|compliment]] your body. I mean..I wouldn't change it. At all. And more [[Friends-词汇总表#specifically\|specifically]], I wouldn't want anything to get any [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]].

**Monica:** Okay...

**Chandler:** I mean, You wouldn't want any part of me to get any [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] would you? Don't answer that.

*(He leaves)*

**Rachel:** Just when you thought that dude couldn't get any wierder.

**Monica:** I know why do you think he was so worried about me getting [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]]?

**Rachel:** I don't know! I mean, what brought that on?

**Monica:** Oh my god. We're trying to get [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] so he's probably starting to freak out about the fact that my body is going to change.

**Rachel:** No you really think that's what it is?

**Monica:** You heard him! "No [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]]!" "You're perfect!" "Just don't get any bigger!" Oh my god he sounded just like my high school [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestling]] [[Friends-词汇总表#coach\|coach]]. You know what? I'm going to have to talk to Chandler.

**Rachel:** Yeah! If you don't I will! Of course your body's gonna change. Your breasts are gonna get [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]], your ass is gonna get bigger, you're gonna lose [[Friends-词汇总表#bladder\|bladder]] control. *(she starts sobbing)* God! It's just such a [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] time!


> [!scene] Scene:Ross's apartment. Phoebe is at the door.

**Phoebe:** Hi

**Ross:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Listen, I wanted to ask you something about [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]].

**Ross:** Oh great now you're [[Friends-词汇总表#seek\|seeking]] me out to make jokes? I mean I can see for all hanging out but to come to my home!

**Phoebe:** No...I really wanted to know how you feel about it.

**Ross:** Why?

**Phoebe:** Mike doesn't ever wanna get married.

**Ross:** Never?

**Phoebe:** Never.

**Ross:** wow, are you still going to move in with him?

**Phoebe:** I want to, but I just want you to tell me that [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] isn't really that big a deal. You know that I won't, I won't be missing out on anything. That marriage [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stinks]]!

**Ross:** Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]... [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stinks]]! I mean if you wanna see a man gain weight and a woman stop [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shaving]]? Get them married.

**Phoebe:** That's not how you really feel is it?

**Ross:** No, I'm sorry. Look I don't think that's what you wanna hear right now but I can't help it. I love [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]].

**Phoebe:** Seriously? You divorce-o?

**Ross:** If you have to call me name, I [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] "Ross the Divorcer". It's just [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]]. Look, I know my [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] isn't exactly work out. But I love to be that [[Friends-词汇总表#commit\|committed]] to another person. And Carol had some good times before she became a lesbian... and once [[Friends-词汇总表#afterward\|afterward]]. I'm sorry.

**Phoebe:** It's ok that's how you feel.

**Ross:** But come on! I mean living together will be great! I mean you guys have so much fun and you love Mike.

**Phoebe:** I do love Mike.

**Ross:** Yeah see? And you are so excited about moving in together before, and you know what? You should be. It's a big deal!

**Phoebe:** Yeah I guess you're right. Yeah thanks. This helped. Thanks.

**Ross:** The Divorcer, to the [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescue]]!

**Phoebe:** It's not [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]].

**Ross:** Yeah I just hurt it.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey enters carrying a tub of ice cream. He sets it on the table, takes off his jacket and struggles with the drawer. It cannot be opened.

**Joey:** Rach?! *(He walks over to the fridge to put it in, but it cannot be opened either)* Rachel!!!!? *(He walks to the bathroom and tries to lift the toilet seat cover. It won't come up.)* So I can't do anything I like????


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler enters. Rachel and monica are seated at the table.

**Chandler:** Hey Rach! Ah........ Perfection. *(kisses monica)* Wouldn't change a thing. Not a thing.

**Monica:** Honey?

**Chandler:** Yeah?

**Monica:** About that? Erm...I'm going to change.

**Chandler:** But honey you don't have to.

**Monica:** I'm going to get [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]]!

**Chandler:** Honey I... I love your breasts the way they are!

**Rachel:** Argh. [[Friends-词汇总表#fascist\|fascist]]

**Monica:** Well, my breasts are going to get [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] weather you like it or not! And you know what? It's not just my breasts. My ass is going to get bigger too.

**Chandler:** your ass?!?!?

**Rachel:** Man, don't be surprised if her hands and her feet get [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] too!

**Chandler:** They...do that?

**Monica:** It's kind of a package deal!

**Chandler:** God why why would you want to do that to yourself!?

**Monica:** I thought I was something that we both wanted!

**Chandler:** Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]]. But the [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] ass and the big [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] feet?

**Rachel:** Oh my god Chandler! If you can't handle this, what are you going to be like in the hospital? With the blood and the [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|screaming]] and the little present that's [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shooting]] out of her!?

**Chandler:** *(sedated)* What?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. He's prying open the drawer with a crowbar to no avail. Monica, Rachel and Chandler enter.

**Rachel:** Joey! Why did you tell Chandler that Monica was getting a [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] job?

**Joey:** Because she is!

**Monica:** Joey, Chandler knows I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] the money.

**Joey:** Mmmm hmm! For your [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] job!

**Monica, Rachel, Chandler:** It's over/Joe!

**Joey:** OK so I'm out four [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars and nobody's [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boobs]] are getting any [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's apartment. Ross is helping with the packing, Phoebe and Mike are also there.

**Ross:** Hey! What do you guys think about this. "Ross: The Divorce-Force".

**Phoebe:** Better.

**Mike:** Very cool.

**Ross:** Hey Pheebs, you know I'm i'm really glad you came to talk to me the other day and I hope I was a little helpful.

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah you were helpful! Yeah, no, thanks you.

**Ross:** Good, good. Yeah [[Friends-词汇总表#coz\|coz]] the more I thought about it, the more I [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realised]] I don't think [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] is neccessarily the right path for you.

**Phoebe:** What do you mean?

**Ross:** Well, I know the other day in the [[Friends-词汇总表#coffeehouse\|coffeehouse]] you were caught up in the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] mom thing? but is that really you? I mean can you [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] picture yourself in a Volvo?

**Phoebe:** They are [[Friends-词汇总表#awfully\|awfully]] [[Friends-词汇总表#boxy\|boxy]]...

**Ross:** I don't know you'd be so [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bored]] with [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]]. I mean it's so... normal.

**Phoebe:** Uh huh.

*(Chandler, Monica, Joey and Rachel are carrying a couch through the door)*

**Ross:** Hey hey, can I help?

**Chandler:** Well! We er..[[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climbed]] up four flights of [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]], manueveored a [[Friends-词汇总表#narrow\|narrow]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]], [[Friends-词汇总表#dodge\|dodged]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#rabid\|rabid]] pitbul... but these last three feet are where it gets really [[Friends-词汇总表#tricky\|tricky]].

**Ross:** You know sometimes your words... they hurt.

**Joey:** Hey uh, where do you guys want this?

**Rachel:** Yeah, seriously [[Friends-词汇总表#coz\|coz]] this is really heavy. *(She suddenly lets go)* I mean not for me because i'm only [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]] to hold this, but for these guys.

**Phoebe:** Just one last time erm... the [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] thing... there's no [[Friends-词汇总表#wiggle\|wiggle]] room? None at all?

**Mike:** No but... You don't want to get married either right?

**Phoebe:** Right. Except that I do want to get married.

**Joey:** *(voice strained)* Couldn't have this [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] down at the truck huh?

**Mike:** You wanna get married?

**Phoebe:** Someday.

**Chandler:** Aaaaand....... [[Friends-词汇总表#hernia\|hernia]].

**Phoebe:** I haven't exactly had a normal life and I never really felt I was missing out on anything but it just feels that now it's my turn some of the regular stuff.

**Mike:** But if you wanna get married why didn't you say something before?

**Phoebe:** Because I just didn't know how much I wanted it. And I love you, and I wanted to live with you.

**Mike:** I want to live with you too! Let's do that!

**Phoebe:** But I don't think I can! it was ok to move in when I didn't know what was gonna happen, but I can't move in knowing that nothing is ever gonna happen.

**Mike:** Can we at least try living together? I mean you might change your mind about [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]].

**Phoebe:** Are you gonna change yours?

**Mike:** No.

**Phoebe:** Me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]]. I think I need to be with someone who wants what I want.

**Mike:** But I don't want this to end.

**Phoebe:** I don't want it to end either.

**Mike:** I can't believe this is gonna end. I guess I'll have my stuff packed up.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Mike:** Ok... so...*(They hug)* Goodbye. Chandler/Joey/Rachel/Monica: Bye bye Mike!/Cya mike!/Bye mike!/Bye bye now!

**Rachel:** I'm so sorry Pheebs.

**Monica:** We're all sorry... *(They have a group hug)*

**Chandler:** Ah, look on the [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] side, I mean you won't have to live with this [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] chair! That was here already huh? I love you. *(they hug again)* Ending Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey is struggling with the fridge. He finally gets it open and falls on the floor

**Joey:** AH HAH! I DID IT! HA HA! Alright... *(He takes a box out, about to close fridge, then thinks.)* Better take all I can carry. Who knows when i'll be able to get in here again!


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（42）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 11 | 422 | 131 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 4 | 442 | 191 | *I guess with you doing the internship, we're just spending more than we're bringing in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 3 | 134 | 69 | *I put that tube top on as a joke.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 3 | 124 | 81 | *This is easy...Can't do this!  Oh! Wow! Seriously I can't do this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 3 | 118 | 88 | *Yes! Two thousand dollars exactly! How do you know that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *I don't want her to get a boob job! That's crazy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Ok... so... Goodbye. Chandler/Joey/Rachel/Monica: Bye bye Mike!/Cya mike!/Bye mike!/Bye bye now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *I know...God. I haven't seen my savings take a hit like this since I was a kid and they came up with* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *No, no! What I mean is, I hate going back to my apartment now... and partly because I live above a k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *Wow, Mike Hannigan...You sure know how to make a girl say "Hell yeah!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 2 | 86 | 55 | *I've always wanted to live with a guy. "Pick up your socks!" "Put down the toilet seat!" "No! We're * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Anyway erm, are you going to get a handyman to install this stuff?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *I know! I guess I am! Oh my god! Load up the Volvo I want to be a soccer mom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 2 | 96 | 75 | *No! I definitely don't wanna get married. No I just wanted to make sure you didn't want to too. Whew* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *Yeah I just hurt it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *But I don't think I can! it was ok to move in when I didn't know what was gonna happen, but I can't * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *I guess with you doing the internship, we're just spending more than we're bringing in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Ok worse case scenario is...we borrow some money from my parents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 1 | 81 | 53 | *I haven't been home in a couple of days and I need to get some more clothes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *No, no! What I mean is, I hate going back to my apartment now... and partly because I live above a k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *I've always wanted to live with a guy. "Pick up your socks!" "Put down the toilet seat!" "No! We're * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about it myself. Chandler is my best friend, it would be wr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 1 | 71 | 58 | *Well you know it's just like living with a girl. Only they don't steal your makeup. Unless they're p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Well you know it's just like living with a girl. Only they don't steal your makeup. Unless they're p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 1 | 186 | 106 | *Yeah.... she's not so cute.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *I'm gonna go to the bathroom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Yeah! You bet roomy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Oh! Alright. Well I think the reason people laugh is becuase it's a play on the word roomy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Look it's not about who I would marry. And I was certain the first time I got married it would last * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh thank you so much.  Oh oh wait! You forgot your erm...Your game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *I know why do you think he was so worried about me getting bigger?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Oh my god. We're trying to get pregnant so he's probably starting to freak out about the fact that m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Yeah! If you don't I will! Of course your body's gonna change. Your breasts are gonna get bigger, yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Oh great now you're seeking me out to make jokes? I mean I can see for all hanging out but to come t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Man, don't be surprised if her hands and her feet get bigger too!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Hey Pheebs, you know I'm i'm really glad you came to talk to me the other day and I hope I was a lit* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Well, I know the other day in the coffeehouse you were caught up in the whole soccer mom thing? but * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Are you gonna change yours?* |

### 常用词（69）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 12 | 49 | 32 | *Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 11 | 93 | 40 | *It's just my first marriage was, you know such a disaster. I kind of lost faith in the whole idea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 6 | 34 | 19 | *Two thousand dollars?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 4 | 62 | 47 | *Ok worse case scenario is...we borrow some money from my parents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boob\|boob]] | /bu:b/ | n. 笨蛋, 蠢材 | n an ignorant or foolish person | 4 | 27 | 18 | *Boob job.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realise\|realise]] | /'riәlaiz,'ri:-/ | vt. 实现, 认识到, 体会到, 了解, 认清, 使显得逼真, 变卖财产为现钱 | v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages | 3 | 44 | 29 | *Me too.  You know what? I just realised something. I don't wanna go home.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 3 | 29 | 21 | *I've always wanted to live with a guy. "Pick up your socks!" "Put down the toilet seat!" "No! We're * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 2 | 60 | 45 | *Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whoop\|whoop]] | /hwu:p/ | n. 大叫, 呐喊, 一点点 | n. a loud hooting cry of exultation or excitement | 2 | 11 | 10 | *Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when I was a kid it was like.. "Whoop* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stair]] | /stєә/ | n. 梯级, 楼梯, 阶梯 | n support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a | 2 | 19 | 13 | *Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when I was a kid it was like.. "Whoop* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 2 | 53 | 40 | *Yes dear.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#someday\|someday]] | /'sʌmdei/ | adv. 有一天 | r. some unspecified time in the future | 2 | 16 | 13 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 2 | 20 | 15 | *I want to, but I just want you to tell me that marriage isn't really that big a deal. You know that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *I'm not sure what they did, but I'm inclined to blame Enron.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *Maybe I should quit and get a job that pays.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] | /ri'fridʒәreitә/ | n. 电冰箱, 冷藏库 | n. white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures | 1 | 15 | 14 | *You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chef\|chef]] | /ʃef/ | n. 厨师 | n. a professional cook | 1 | 56 | 27 | *You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soda\|soda]] | /'sәudә/ | n. 苏打, 碳酸水 | n a sodium salt of carbonic acid; used in making soap powders and glass and pape | 1 | 15 | 14 | *You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father taught me was... well to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father taught me was... well to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *That's right! I do! And I'm your man. And I'm going to get us through this situation even if it mean* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crack\|crack]] | /kræk/ | n. 裂缝, 爆裂声 | n. a long narrow opening | 1 | 19 | 17 | *No, no! What I mean is, I hate going back to my apartment now... and partly because I live above a k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] | /'mәustli/ | adv. 大概, 大部分, 主要 | r in large part; mainly or chiefly | 1 | 12 | 12 | *No, no! What I mean is, I hate going back to my apartment now... and partly because I live above a k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sock\|sock]] | /sɒk/ | n. 短袜, 鞋垫, 一击 | n. hosiery consisting of a cloth covering for the foot; worn inside the shoe; re | 1 | 29 | 15 | *I've always wanted to live with a guy. "Pick up your socks!" "Put down the toilet seat!" "No! We're * |
| aww |  | abbr. average weekly wage 周平均工资 |  | 1 | 62 | 45 | *Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 1 | 46 | 26 | *Two thousand dollars!? What do you think I am? I soap opera star!?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] | /'ɒpәrә/ | n. 歌剧 | n. a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and a | 1 | 24 | 14 | *Two thousand dollars!? What do you think I am? I soap opera star!?* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 1 | 204 | 33 | *Oh er... well you know Emma started crawling? I realised that this place, is very unsafe for a baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when I was a kid it was like.. "Whoop* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 1 | 43 | 30 | *Wha!? What!? Come on! I found the hardware store all by myself!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *I hear wedding bells.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aisle\|aisle]] | /ail/ | n. 走廊, 侧廊, 过道 | n. a long narrow passage (as in a cave or woods) | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] | /'ɒbviәs/ | a. 明显的, 明白的, 显然的, 平淡无奇的 | a. easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind | 1 | 20 | 17 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#junior\|junior]] | /'dʒu:njә/ | n. 年少者, 地位较低者, 大学三年级学生 | n. term of address for a disrespectful and annoying male | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Listen er..I need to ask you a favor but you can't tell Monica anything about it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secret\|secret]] | /'si:krit/ | n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方 | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that  | 1 | 68 | 39 | *I thought you didn't have secrets from Monica.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *And that would have made the official party line.  Monica and I are having a little financial troubl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 1 | 27 | 23 | *What would she get for herself for two thousand dollars that she wouldn't tell me about?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]] |  | a. 较小, 更小的 | s. small or little relative to something else | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Well it's...It's not that crazy okay? Making them smaller, that would be crazy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticate]] | /sә'fistikeit/ | n. 久经世故的人, 精于...之道的人 | n. a worldly-wise person | 1 | 14 | 12 | *I get the joke. Sophisticated as it was. Now the thing I wanna say is... maybe we should have talked* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] | /blɔnd/ | a. (头发)亚麻色的, 淡色的, 白肤金发碧眼的, 白里透红的, 白皙的, 淡黄色的 | n a person with fair skin and hair | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Ok, well that's bad. But don't you think it might be different with someone else? Perhaps a blonde w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Look it's not about who I would marry. And I was certain the first time I got married it would last * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *No! I definitely don't wanna get married. No I just wanted to make sure you didn't want to too. Whew* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *No! I definitely don't wanna get married. No I just wanted to make sure you didn't want to too. Whew* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Yeah, I don't know who I was kidding. I can barely use chopsticks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] | /'pә:fiktli/ | adv. 完全地, 无瑕疵地, 完整地 | r. in a perfect or faultless way | 1 | 20 | 16 | *Hey Rach! There she is...My perfectly proportioned wife.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *No no! I just love the way you look, I am warm, for your form.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 1 | 118 | 49 | *Oh my god. We're trying to get pregnant so he's probably starting to freak out about the fact that m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magical\|magical]] | /'mædʒikәl/ | a. 魔术的, 有魔力的, 不可思议的 | s possessing or using or characteristic of or appropriate to supernatural powers | 1 | 13 | 11 | *Yeah! If you don't I will! Of course your body's gonna change. Your breasts are gonna get bigger, yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shave\|shave]] | /ʃeiv/ | n. 修面, 刮胡子, 幸免, 剃刀 | n. the act of removing hair with a razor | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Yeah, marriage... stinks! I mean if you wanna see a man gain weight and a woman stop shaving? Get th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] | /pri'fә:/ | vt. 宁可, 较喜欢, 提出 | v. like better; value more highly | 1 | 15 | 15 | *If you have to call me name, I prefer "Ross the Divorcer". It's just cooler. Look, I know my marriag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] | /'dʒaiәnt/ | n. 巨人, 大力士, 巨大怪物 | n. any creature of exceptional size | 1 | 36 | 27 | *Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big boobs. But the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] | /klaun/ | n. 小丑, 乡下人 | n. a rude or vulgar fool | 1 | 21 | 15 | *Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big boobs. But the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scream\|scream]] | /skri:m/ | n. 尖叫声 | n. sharp piercing cry | 1 | 37 | 32 | *Oh my god Chandler! If you can't handle this, what are you going to be like in the hospital? With th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Oh my god Chandler! If you can't handle this, what are you going to be like in the hospital? With th* |
| mmmm |  | abbr. multiunit network management and maintenance message 多 |  | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Mmmm hmm! For your boob job!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coffeehouse\|coffeehouse]] |  | n. 咖啡馆 | n a small restaurant where drinks and snacks are sold | 1 | 17 | 11 | *Well, I know the other day in the coffeehouse you were caught up in the whole soccer mom thing? but * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] | /'ɒnistli/ | adv. 真诚地, 公正地 | r. (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the ca | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Well, I know the other day in the coffeehouse you were caught up in the whole soccer mom thing? but * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bore\|bore]] | /bɒ:/ | n. 令人讨厌的人, 激浪, 枪膛, 孔 | n. a person who evokes boredom | 1 | 38 | 27 | *I don't know you'd be so bored with marriage. I mean it's so... normal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hallway\|hallway]] | /'hɔ:lwei/ | n. 门厅；玄关；走廊 | n. an interior passage or corridor onto which rooms open | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *Yeah, seriously coz this is really heavy.  I mean not for me because i'm only pretending to hold thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Couldn't have this conversation down at the truck huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *Me neither. I think I need to be with someone who wants what I want.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *Ok... so... Goodbye. Chandler/Joey/Rachel/Monica: Bye bye Mike!/Cya mike!/Bye mike!/Bye bye now!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] | /brait/ | a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的 | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here alrea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]] | /'ʌgli/ | a. 丑陋的, 邪恶的, 险恶的, 不祥的 | a. displeasing to the senses | 1 | 39 | 27 | *Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here alrea* |

### 低频词（63）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| erm | /ɜ:m/ | abbr. ermine 貂 |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coz\|coz]] | /kʌz/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. A contraction of cousin. | 3 | 3 | 1 | *No! I definitely don't wanna get married. No I just wanted to make sure you didn't want to too. Whew* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tube\|tube]] | /tju:b/ | n. 管, 软管, 隧道 | n. conduit consisting of a long hollow object (usually cylindrical) used to hold | 2 | 5 | 4 | *I put that tube top on as a joke.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pig\|pig]] | /pig/ | n. 猪, 猪肉, 贪婪的人, 猪一样的人 | n. a crude block of metal (lead or iron) poured from a smelting furnace | 2 | 19 | 9 | *Monica...would you please tell Joey that he is a pig?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#volvo\|volvo]] | /'vɔlvәj/ | n. 沃尔沃（汽车品牌, 总部设在瑞典） |  | 2 | 5 | 2 | *I know! I guess I am! Oh my god! Load up the Volvo I want to be a soccer mom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soccer\|soccer]] | /'sɒkә/ | n. 英式足球 | n. a football game in which two teams of 11 players try to kick or head a ball i | 2 | 10 | 9 | *I know! I guess I am! Oh my god! Load up the Volvo I want to be a soccer mom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roomy\|roomy]] | /'ru:mi/ | a. 广阔的, 宽敞的, 宽大的 | s. (of buildings and rooms) having ample space | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Yeah! You bet roomy!* |
| groomy |  | [网络] 忧郁；假面-忧郁；面具-忧郁 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Don't you mean..groomy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorcer\|divorcer]] |  | [法] 提出离婚者 | n. The person or cause that produces or effects a divorce. | 2 | 2 | 1 | *If you have to call me name, I prefer "Ross the Divorcer". It's just cooler. Look, I know my marriag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] | /'ku:lә/ | n. 冷却器 | n. a refrigerator for cooling liquids | 2 | 12 | 9 | *If you have to call me name, I prefer "Ross the Divorcer". It's just cooler. Look, I know my marriag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oreo\|oreo]] | /'ɔ:riəu/ | n. 奥利奥（商标名）；讨好白人的黑人 | n. chocolate cookie with white cream filling | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I know...God. I haven't seen my savings take a hit like this since I was a kid and they came up with* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incline\|incline]] | /in'klain/ | n. 倾斜, 斜坡, 斜面 | v. bend or turn (one's ear) towards a speaker in order to listen well | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm not sure what they did, but I'm inclined to blame Enron.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enron\|enron]] |  | n. 安然公司（财富500强公司之一） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm not sure what they did, but I'm inclined to blame Enron.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#internship\|internship]] | /'intә:nʃip/ | n. 实习医师的职务 | n. the position of a medical intern | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I guess with you doing the internship, we're just spending more than we're bringing in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scenario\|scenario]] | /si'nɑ:riәu/ | n. 剧本提纲, 情节, 剧本, 方案, 事态 | n. an outline or synopsis of a play (or, by extension, of a literary work) | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ok worse case scenario is...we borrow some money from my parents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bings\|bings]] |  | (bing 的复数) n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | plural of bing | 1 | 10 | 2 | *Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father taught me was... well to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] | /praid/ | n. 骄傲, 自尊心, 自豪, 精华, 勇气 | n. a feeling of self-respect and personal worth | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Wow! I Had no idea you had this much pride.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boxer\|boxer]] | /'bɒksә/ | n. 拳师 | n. someone who fights with his fists for sport | 1 | 10 | 5 | *I want to stay too but I've gone as bad as much use out of these boxers as I can..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#partly\|partly]] | /'pɑ:tli/ | adv. 部分地, 在一定程度上 | r in part; in some degree; not wholly | 1 | 7 | 6 | *No, no! What I mean is, I hate going back to my apartment now... and partly because I live above a k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#den\|den]] | /den/ | n. 兽穴, 洞穴 | n. a unit of 8 to 10 cub scouts | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, no! What I mean is, I hate going back to my apartment now... and partly because I live above a k* |
| hannigan |  | n. (Hannigan)人名；(英)汉尼根 |  | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Wow, Mike Hannigan...You sure know how to make a girl say "Hell yeah!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lend\|lend]] | /lend/ | vt. 借, 贷款给, 增添, 提供, 出租 | v. bestow a quality on | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crawl\|crawl]] | /krɒ:l/ | n. 爬行, 匍匐而行, 养鱼池 | n. a very slow movement | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Oh er... well you know Emma started crawling? I realised that this place, is very unsafe for a baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unsafe\|unsafe]] | /.ʌn'seif/ | a. 不安全的, 不安稳的, 危险的 | a lacking in security or safety | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh er... well you know Emma started crawling? I realised that this place, is very unsafe for a baby.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#electrocute\|electrocute]] | /i'lektrәkju:t/ | vt. 以电椅处死, 以电击杀死, 通电致死 | v. kill by electric shock | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when I was a kid it was like.. "Whoop* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handyman\|handyman]] | /'hændimæn/ | n. 杂务工, 手巧的人, 水手 | n. a man skilled in various odd jobs and other small tasks | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Anyway erm, are you going to get a handyman to install this stuff?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#makeup\|makeup]] | /'meikʌp/ | n. 组成, 性格, 化妆品, 化装(术), 虚构, 补考 | n. cosmetics applied to the face to improve or change your appearance | 1 | 14 | 9 | *Well you know it's just like living with a girl. Only they don't steal your makeup. Unless they're p* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlight]] | /'hailait/ | n. 加亮区, 精彩场面 | n. the most interesting or memorable part | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]] | /'klɑ:si/ | a. 上等的, 优等的, 漂亮的 | s. elegant and fashionable | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#connecticut\|connecticut]] | /kә'netikәt/ | n. 康涅狄格 | n. a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| sophie | /'sәufi/ | n. 索菲（女子名） |  | 1 | 15 | 7 | *Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conventional\|conventional]] | /kәn'venʃәnl/ | a. 传统的, 习惯的, 约定的 | a. following accepted customs and proprieties | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Phoebe, I had no idea you were so conventional.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fastest\|fastest]] |  | a. 最快速的（far 的最高级） | a acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That's the fastest I have ever thought!* |
| becuase |  | [网络] 子句 |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh! Alright. Well I think the reason people laugh is becuase it's a play on the word roomy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proposal\|proposal]] | /prә'pәuzl/ | n. 提议, 计划, 求婚 | n. something proposed (such as a plan or assumption) | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I get the joke. Sophisticated as it was. Now the thing I wanna say is... maybe we should have talked* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disaster\|disaster]] | /di'zɑ:stә/ | n. 灾祸, 不幸, 彻底失败 | n. an act that has disastrous consequences | 1 | 6 | 6 | *It's just my first marriage was, you know such a disaster. I kind of lost faith in the whole idea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deliberately\|deliberately]] | /di'libәrәtli/ | adv. 故意地 | r with intention; in an intentional manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *At one point near the end she deliberately defecated.....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#defecate\|defecate]] | /'defikeit/ | vt. 除去污物, 澄清, 净化 | v have a bowel movement | 1 | 1 | 1 | *At one point near the end she deliberately defecated.....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chopstick\|chopstick]] | /'tʃɔpstik/ | n. 筷子 | n. one of a pair of slender sticks used as oriental tableware to eat food with | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, I don't know who I was kidding. I can barely use chopsticks.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proportion\|proportion]] | /prә'pɒ:ʃәn/ | n. 比例, 比率, 均衡, 部分, 面积 | n. the quotient obtained when the magnitude of a part is divided by the magnitud | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey Rach! There she is...My perfectly proportioned wife.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wierd\|wierd]] |  |  | wierd | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, you're being wierd. Do you want sex or did you do something bad?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compliment\|compliment]] | /'kɒmplimәnt/ | n. 称赞, 恭维, 敬意 | n. a remark (or act) expressing praise and admiration | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#specifically\|specifically]] | /spi'sifikli/ | adv. 特定地, 明确地, 按特性 | r. in distinction from others | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrestle\|wrestle]] | /'resl/ | n. 摔跤, 角力, 扭斗 | n. the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat | 1 | 7 | 5 | *You heard him! "No bigger!" "You're perfect!" "Just don't get any bigger!" Oh my god he sounded just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coach\|coach]] | /kәutʃ/ | n. 四轮大马车, 教练 | n. (sports) someone in charge of training an athlete or a team | 1 | 8 | 8 | *You heard him! "No bigger!" "You're perfect!" "Just don't get any bigger!" Oh my god he sounded just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bladder\|bladder]] | /'blædә/ | n. 膀胱, 囊 | n. a distensible membranous sac (usually containing liquid or gas) | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Yeah! If you don't I will! Of course your body's gonna change. Your breasts are gonna get bigger, yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seek\|seek]] | /si:k/ | vt. 寻求, 寻找, 探索, 追求, 搜索, 请求 | n. the movement of a read/write head to a specific data track on a disk | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh great now you're seeking me out to make jokes? I mean I can see for all hanging out but to come t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commit\|commit]] | /kә'mit/ | vt. 委托(托付), 犯罪, 指派...作战, 使承担义务 | v. cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution | 1 | 4 | 4 | *If you have to call me name, I prefer "Ross the Divorcer". It's just cooler. Look, I know my marriag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afterward\|afterward]] | /'ɑ:ftәwәd/ | adv. 然后, 后来 | r happening at a time subsequent to a reference time | 1 | 2 | 2 | *If you have to call me name, I prefer "Ross the Divorcer". It's just cooler. Look, I know my marriag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rescue\|rescue]] | /'reskju:/ | n. 援救, 解救, 营救 | n. recovery or preservation from loss or danger | 1 | 7 | 7 | *The Divorcer, to the rescue!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfection\|perfection]] | /pә'fekʃәn/ | n. 完美, 完成, 极端 | n. the state of being without a flaw or defect | 1 | 6 | 2 | *Hey Rach! Ah........ Perfection.  Wouldn't change a thing. Not a thing.* |
| argh |  | [网络] 唉呦；生气；这趟没去成马祖 |  | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Argh. fascist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fascist\|fascist]] | /'fæʃist/ | n. 法西斯主义者, 法西斯党员 | n. an adherent of fascism or other right-wing authoritarian views | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Argh. fascist* |
| neccessarily |  | [网络] 一定 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Good, good. Yeah coz the more I thought about it, the more I realised I don't think marriage is necc* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awfully\|awfully]] | /'ɒ:fuli/ | adv. 恶劣地, 非常地, 极端地 | r used as intensifiers | 1 | 7 | 7 | *They are awfully boxy...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boxy\|boxy]] | /'bɔksi/ | a. 似盒子的, 盒状的 | s resembling a box in rectangularity | 1 | 1 | 1 | *They are awfully boxy...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#narrow\|narrow]] | /'nærәu/ | n. 狭窄部分, 隘路 | n. a narrow strait connecting two bodies of water | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dodge\|dodge]] | /dɒdʒ/ | v. 避开, 躲避 | n. a quick evasive movement | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rabid\|rabid]] | /'ræbid/ | a. 猛烈的, 热烈的, 急进的, 狂怒的, 偏激的, 疯狂的 | a. of or infected by rabies | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tricky\|tricky]] | /'triki/ | a. 狡猾的, 机敏的 | s not to be trusted | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wiggle\|wiggle]] | /'wigl/ | v. 扭动着行进, 摆动 | n. the act of wiggling | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Just one last time erm... the marriage thing... there's no wiggle room? None at all?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hernia\|hernia]] | /'hә:niә/ | n. 疝气 | n. rupture in smooth muscle tissue through which a bodily structure protrudes | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Aaaaand....... hernia.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hah\|hah]] | /hɑ:/ | int. 哈, 嘿 | interj. Same as Ha. | 1 | 10 | 9 | *AH HAH! I DID IT! HA HA! Alright...  Better take all I can carry. Who knows when i'll be able to get* |
