---
season: 9
episode: "12"
title: "Untitled Document"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E12 — Untitled Document

912 - TOW Phoebe's Rats

**Aired:** 16/1/2003

*Teleplay by: Brian Buckner and Sebastian Jones Directed by: Ben Weiss*


> [!scene] Scene: Coffee place, Joey is there, Chandler is entering

**Chandler:** Hey

**Joey:** Hey. So where's Mon?

**Chandler:** Oh, she's at home, putting up [[Friends-词汇总表#decoration\|decorations]] for Rachel's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] party tonight.

**Joey:** And you're not helping?

**Chandler:** I tried, but apparantly [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] "I will [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]]" in a [[Friends-词汇总表#helium\|helium]] voice - not helping.

*(Ross and Rachel enter with Emma in Rachel's hands)*

**Ross:** Hey you guys! Joey and Chandler: *(start to sing)* Hey! Happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] ...

**Rachel:** Shhh don't say that [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]], Gunther's gonna want to [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] me.

**Ross:** Uh, good news everyone, we finally found a [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]. This is Molly *(points to Molly)*. Molly, Chandler, Joey. Joey and Chandler: Hi.

**Molly:** Hi.

*(Emma starts to cry)*

**Ross:** Ooh, somebody's getting a little [[Friends-词汇总表#fussy\|fussy]].

**Joey:** You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] for 7 minutes.

**Rachel:** Ok, you know what, I'm just gonna take her outside.

**Molly:** No, you stay, I'll do it *(takes Emma from Rachel)*.

**Rachel:** OK, thank you.

**Molly:** Nice to meet you guys *(to Chandler and Joey)*.

**Joey:** Yeah, you too.

*(Molly leaves)*

**Rachel:** Oh, wow, Molly is just great!

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Yes, Bravo on the hot [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]].

**Rachel:** What? You really think she's hot?

**Chandler:** Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|rejecting]] me right now.

**Rachel:** And Joey?

**Joey:** How do you think she's doing?

**Rachel:** Am I the only one who doesn't think that she's hot? Ross?

**Ross:** Eh, I mean, I mena she's not [[Friends-词汇总表#unattractive\|unattractive]] but hot? I ....

**Rachel:** Thank you! *(goes to get coffee)*

**Chandler:** Now that Rachel's gone?

**Rachel:** So hot I cried myself to sleep last night. *(Joey and Chandler clap their hands)*


---

**OPENING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Mike and Phoebe in Phoebe's place, Phoebe is doing a crossword puzzle

**Phoebe:** Hey Mike, what's the capital of Peru?

**Mike:** Lima.

**Phoebe:** No. It starts with a "v" and ends with an "x". Helpfully with a "to" in the middle.

**Mike:** You know, kinda think of it, the capital of Peru IS "vtox".

*(opens the kitchen cabinet) Oh god! Oh!*

**Phoebe:** What?

**Mike:** OK, I don't want to freak you out or anything, but I think I just saw a [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] in your [[Friends-词汇总表#cupboard\|cupboard]].

**Phoebe:** *(relived)* Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]], no, that's Bob.

**Mike:** What, is he your pet [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]]?

**Phoebe:** Well not so much a pet as, you know, an [[Friends-词汇总表#occasional\|occasional]] [[Friends-词汇总表#visitor\|visitor]] who I put food out for, you know. Kinda like Santa. Except Santa doesn't [[Friends-词汇总表#poop\|poop]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]].

**Mike:** You can't keep a [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] in your appartment! They're [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] [[Friends-词汇总表#unsanitary\|unsanitary]], and they [[Friends-词汇总表#transmit\|transmit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#leptospirosis\|leptospirosis]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#hantavirus\|hantavirus]].

**Phoebe:** What are those?

**Mike:** I don't know but they don't sound like [[Friends-词汇总表#spa\|spa]] treatments. You have to get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of it!

**Phoebe:** OK, fine, if it means that much to you I'll get [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of Bob.

**Mike:** Thank you.

**Phoebe:** So weird, you think he's so [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] and you're willing to eat his [[Friends-词汇总表#cracker\|crackers]].

*(Mike throws out everything in his mouth)*


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's office, Rachel comes in and Gavin is there

**Rachel:** Hello.

**Gavin:** Hello

**Rachel:** Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I really [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you an appology.

**Gavin:** For what?

**Rachel:** Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were [[Friends-词汇总表#pompous\|pompous]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#arrogant\|arrogant]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#obnoxious\|obnoxious]] ...

**Gavin:** Is this your first appology?

**Rachel:** No, I just mean that, you know, first [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impressions]] don't mean anything. And I-I think you're a really good guy and I'm sorry that I [[Friends-词汇总表#misjudge\|misjudged]] you.

*(Heather walks in)*

**Heather:** Good morning!

**Rachel:** Hello. *(to Gavin)* But you know what, hey, new day, new [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaf]], I am just really really happy ... *(sees Gavin staring at Heather)* I'm sorry, obviously Heather's ass has something more important to say so I'll just wait 'till it's finished.

**Gavin:** What?

**Rachel:** I was giving you an appology and you were totally checking her out!

**Gavin:** I wasn't checking her out. I'm in fashion, I was looking at her [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]]. Or was it pants? I didn't really see what happened below the ass area.

**Rachel:** Oh wow, you are really, you're really a [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]].

**Gavin:** Why do you even care if I was looking at her? Are you [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]?

**Rachel:** Oh yeah, I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at my ass". *(Gavin starts looking)* Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I just think you are totally [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]], ok? This is a work environment, she's your [[Friends-词汇总表#subordinate\|subordinate]].

**Gavin:** I thought it was ok when you slept with your old assistant Tag.

**Rachel:** That is totally different for two reasons. One - I didn't know that you knew that. And two, I wasn't some [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]] staring at his ass, we had a deap [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningful\|meaningful]] relationship.

**Gavin:** Huh. What's Tag's last name?

**Rachel:** It was ... *(can't remember)* oh my god. He didn't have a last name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you know, Moses.

**Gavin:** But it was a deap [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningful\|meaningful]] relationship.

**Rachel:** Oh, you know what - my first [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] of you was absolutely right. You are [[Friends-词汇总表#arrogant\|arrogant]], you are [[Friends-词汇总表#pompous\|pompous]] ... Morgan! Morgan! Tag's last name was Morgan! Huh!

**Gavin:** It was Jones.

**Rachel:** Yeah well what are you, his boyfriend?


> [!scene] Scene: Coffee place, Molly holding Emma and talking to Joey

**Joey:** Man, I wish I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]] like you.

**Molly:** You mean, when you were a baby.

**Joey:** Sure.

*(Chandler is staring at Molly)*

**Monica:** Would you stop staring at her?

**Chandler:** I wasn't staring. I was [[Friends-词汇总表#leer\|leering]].

**Monica:** What's the big deal with her? Maybe she's [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] in an [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] kind of way.

**Ross:** Yeah, [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] beauty's the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]]. You know, when it's right there in your face. Me, I like to have to work to find someone [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]]. Makes me feel like I [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earned]] it.

**Chandler:** Looks like Joey is doing [[Friends-词汇总表#allright\|allright]] with her.

**Monica:** Yeah. Hey, that was nice of you guys to back off and let Joey get the girl for once.

**Molly:** *(to Ross)* I'm gonna take her back to the appartment.

**Ross:** Ok, I'll be home right after work. Ok, by Emma-Wemma-Demma, I love you - wovyou dovyou ...

**Molly:** Bye

**Monica:** They've [[Friends-词汇总表#elect\|elected]] me to talk to you about the baby talk - it's not so good.

**Molly:** I think it's sweet. *(goes to leave)* Ross, Joey and Chandler: Bye, Emma-Wemma-Demma.

**Rachel:** *(to Joey)* Hey, listen, Joey, about Molly, I really [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] if you didn't go after her.

**Joey:** Why not?

**Rachel:** Because it took us months to find a good [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]] and I wouldn't want anything to, you know, drive her away.

**Joey:** So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]]? *(thinks about it)* Yeah, sounds about right.

**Ross:** Come on, there are [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] of other women out thereok? Just - just forget about her, ok? Just, she's off limits.

**Joey:** Oh, man, why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told me I can't have it makes me want her even more!

**Ross:** What are you, a child?

**Joey:** Yes!

**Ross:** Joey, come on now, for me! Please, just-just try to focus your sexual energy on someone else.

**Joey:** Fine. *(looks around, then focuses on Monica)*

**Monica:** *(to Chandler)* Take me home! *(they quickly leave)*


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's place, Phoebe and Mike are there

**Phoebe:** Hey Mikey

**Mike:** Hey P

**Phoebe:** What are you doing?

**Mike:** Setting [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] [[Friends-词汇总表#trap\|traps]].

**Phoebe:** To kill Bob??

**Mike:** No, no, to test his [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]].

**Phoebe:** No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#capture\|capture]] him and, and you know, set him free in the country side where he can maybe meet a friendly possom and a [[Friends-词汇总表#wisecrack\|wisecracking]] [[Friends-词汇总表#owl\|owl]].

**Mike:** Ok, ok, I'll throw away the [[Friends-词汇总表#trap\|traps]].

**Phoebe:** I'll find Bob, I'll get him. Bob? *(starts looking)* Bob! Robert! *(looks at cabinet under sink)* Oh wait, I think I hear him. Oh - Oh my god! Bob had babies! Bob's a mom!

**Mike:** Better think of a new name for him.

**Phoebe:** I don't know, I kinda like Bob for a girl.

**Mike:** I don't know, I mean I'm not sure *(they hear cracking voice from somewhere else in the kitchen, probably a rat caught in a trap)* ...

**Phoebe:** Oh my god, we killed Bob!

**Mike:** Maybe it wasn't Bob, maybe it was a mouse.

**Phoebe:** Suzie? *(Runs over there to check)*


> [!scene] Scene: Mon and Chan's, Ross enters

**Ross:** Whazzup??

**Chandler:** Seriously dude, 3 years ago.

**Ross:** Listen, can you do me a [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]? I'm gonna be out today. Can you just keep an eye on Joey, make sure nothing happens between him and Molly?

**Chandler:** You don't trust him?

**Ross:** Wh - No. Some woman who sounded a lot like Joey called earlier and asked for her [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]], the "hot [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]".

**Chandler:** Is this really your long term plan, for me to run [[Friends-词汇总表#interference\|interference]]? Because I could get a job any day now.

**Ross:** You do appear right on the [[Friends-词汇总表#cusp\|cusp]] of something. Come on man, I'm sure he'll lose interest in a week or two, but for now can you please just do this for me?

**Chandler:** Allright, fine, but don't [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] me if it doesn't work. Because you know as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not, he's going to have sex with it.

**Ross:** Well we gotta do something, ok? Nannies like her don't grow on trees. *(pause)*

**Chandler:** Picturing that tree?

**Ross:** I am, yes.


> [!scene] Scene: Hallway, Joey get out of his appartment and Chandler jumps out of his

**Chandler:** Where you going, Joe?

*(Joey falls on floor and gets up)*

**Joey:** For a walk.

**Chandler:** Oh. You mind if I join you?

**Joey:** Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] my thoughts.

**Chandler:** Your thoughts? Plural?

**Joey:** Allright, fine, I only have one thought! It's about the hot [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]], I gotta see her!

**Chandler:** I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe.

**Joey:** Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbidden]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]]! It's like ... like she's the [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]] and I'm the [[Friends-词汇总表#stable\|stable]] boy ... Why are you doing this, huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over there?

**Chandler:** Yes, as a matter of fact he did, so I can't let you go.

**Joey:** Huh. Interesting. Now there are [[Friends-词汇总表#obstacle\|obstacles]]. Hot [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]] and me against the world. This is the kind of stuff great [[Friends-词汇总表#novel\|novels]] are made of.

**Chandler:** Great [[Friends-词汇总表#novel\|novels]]?

**Joey:** Fine ... [[Friends-词汇总表#mediocre\|mediocre]] porn


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's office, Rachel and Gavin there, phone rings, Gavin picks it up

**Gavin:** Gavin Mitchelle's office.

**Rachel:** Rachel Green's office!! Give me that phone! *(takes the phone)* Hello, this is Rachel Green, how can I help you? Uh huh ... ok then ... I'll pass you back to your son *(gives phone to Gavin)*

**Gavin:** Hey Mom! No, that's just my secretary. *(Rachel is upset)*

**Rachel:** Um, excuse me Gavin, I have a question I need to ask you.

**Gavin:** Mom, I'll call you later. Yeah. *(hangs up)* *(to Rachel)* Yes?

**Rachel:** If you like looking at [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butts]] so much why don't you just go look at a [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]]?

**Gavin:** Thank god you finally said that, I saw you make a note on your [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pad]] three hours ago. *(Rachel throws away that paper)* Man, I really bug you, don't I?

**Rachel:** Oh, please, I don't care about you enough to bug me. In fact, from now on, I'm going take the high road. And I'm going be very very nice to you, you "momma's boy", starting right now.

*(door knock, Monica enters)*

**Monica:** Hey Rach!

**Rachel:** Hi!

**Monica:** Ready for your [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]]?

**Rachel:** Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] you to my very [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] colleage and more [[Friends-词汇总表#importantly\|importantly]] my wonderful friend Gavin Mitchelle.

**Gavin:** Pleased to meet you.

**Monica:** Pleased to meet you. So you're coming to Rachel's party tonight?

**Rachel:** Oh no no no no no, Gavin can't, he already has plans, most likely with his mother.

**Gavin:** Well I don't mind, I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]]. I would never miss my secretary's [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]].

*(leaves)*

**Rachel:** Why did you invite him?? I can't stand that guy!

**Monica:** You were just being so nice to him!

**Rachel:** I was [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|faking]] it! Can't you tell when I'm being fake?

*(A man walks by)*

**Rachel:** Hey, Mr Philips, nice [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]]!

**Monica:** Right there! That was so [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]]!

**Rachel:** Shh!


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's birthday party

**Rachel:** *(to Monica)* I still can't believe you invited Gavin. Allright, he is the last person I want to see.

**Monica:** Oh, you're welcome for the party. I'm glad you're having a good time.

**Rachel:** God, I hope he doesn't show up. Of course he's not gonna show up, the guy hates me.

**Monica:** Does he?

**Rachel:** What?

**Monica:** Maybe he's [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bothering]] you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild always [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|pushed]] me on the [[Friends-词汇总表#playground\|playground]] because he [[Friends-词汇总表#secretly\|secretly]] had a [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] on me?

**Rachel:** Oh, Monica, you think Skippy liked you? Honey, all those buys had a bet to see if he can [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] you over.

**Molly:** *(with Emma in a basinet)* She's out, I'm gonna take her home.

**Rachel:** Oh, ok, thank you. *(Molly leaves)* *(to Monica)* Do you see what all the guys see in her?

**Monica:** Wouldn't kick her out of bed. No more Vodka for me! *(put her glass down)*

*(Joey comes over)*

**Joey:** Hey Rach, so can I [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] happy [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] to you now?

**Rachel:** Yeah, sure!

**Joey:** Oh ... *(Starts to sing)* Happy birth ... *(sees Molly leaving)* oh, see you later *(runs after Molly)*

**Monica:** Hey Rach, somebody got you [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]!

**Rachel:** Oh, give me! *(opens the box happily, then gets freaked and throws away the box, she and Mon jump up the sofa)*

**Phoebe:** Be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]], be careful! These are my [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] babies!

**Mike:** Yeah. We have [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] babies now.

**Rachel:** Ahhhh , you brought [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]] to my [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] party?

**Monica:** So this is what a [[Friends-词汇总表#stroke\|stroke]] feels like.

**Phoebe:** I had to bring them! We killed their mother, they're our responsibility now. You know, they require [[Friends-词汇总表#constant\|constant]] care. You should know that, Rachel, you're a mother.

**Rachel:** Are you comparing my [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] to a [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]]?

**Phoebe:** No! Seven [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]]! I think we should take them home, we need feed them.

**Rachel:** whhh wait, you're gonna leave my party to take care of a box of [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]]?

**Phoebe:** Well I'm sorry Rachel, but I'm not like you, ok? Not everyone can [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] help. *(she and Mike leave)*

*(Ross gets out of the bathroom, sees Chandler)*

**Ross:** Where the hell are Joey and Molly? I asked you to watch them.

**Chandler:** *(In a helium voice, holding a balloon)* I'm sorry, I got a little [[Friends-词汇总表#occupy\|occupied]].

**Ross:** We have to stop them before something happens!

**Chandler:** *(still helium voice)* Right behind you, big guy! *(they both head for the door)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's place, Molly and Joey are talking on the couch

**Joey:** So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a [[Friends-词汇总表#discipline\|discipline]]. It takes a lot of hard work.

**Molly:** So where did you study?

**Joey:** Oh, I didn't go to college.

**Molly:** No, where did you study acting?

**Joey:** Molly ... people don't study acting ...

*(Ross and Chandler walk in, Joey looks disappointed)*

**Ross:** Molly, ah, do you mind giving us just a minute?

**Molly:** Sure, I'll go check on Emma.

**Ross:** Thanx.

*(Molly gets up and walks away)*

**Joey:** *(upset)* Will the [[Friends-词汇总表#stable\|stable]] boy never get the [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]]??

**Ross:** What do you think you're gonna do, have sex with her right here on my [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]?

**Joey:** No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off? Huh? Can't you guys open your minds to the [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] that I actally like her, and might want something real? *(pause)* Look, the truth is, I haven't felt this way about anyone since Rachel, ok? I didn't think I could ever love again.

*(pause) Ross and Chandler: Come on! Joe!*

**Joey:** Ok *(admits)*

*(knock on door, Ross opens, it's a woman)*

**Woman:** Hi, is Molly here?

**Ross:** Yeah, come on in. Molly?

**Molly:** *(goes out of the room)* Hey! Guys, this is Tabatha *(they kiss on the lips in a romantic way)*. *(to Ross)* I'll see you tomorrow.

**Ross:** Ok ... *(they leave the room, long pause)* Well, uh, Joey, I guess we have no problem.

**Joey:** It's like my favorite [[Friends-词汇总表#fairy\|fairy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tale\|tale]] come true! *(Chandler looks at him)* The [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]], the [[Friends-词汇总表#stable\|stable]] boy and the lesbian!


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe's place, Phoebe and Mike enter

**Phoebe:** Ok, ok, you start [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|preparing]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#formula\|formula]] and I start changing the box and then we gotta put them straight to bed.

**Mike:** Hey, when did we become one of those couples whose lives [[Friends-词汇总表#revolve\|revolve]] around their [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]]?

**Phoebe:** Well, you know what, they're our responsibility now.

**Mike:** Ok, fine, these [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]] are our responsibility. What happens when they [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]] and there are hundreds of them?

**Phoebe:** Mate? They're all brothers and sisters.

**Mike:** Yeah - not such a problem with [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]]. No, they're more of a "love the one you're with" kind of animals.

**Phoebe:** No. *(opens the box)* wh - get off your sister! Oh my god, what are we gonna do? We have 7 [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]]. So what if each of them has 7 rats? And then each of those have 7 rats? That's like ... *(starts counting with her fingers)* That's [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] I can't even do! What are we gonna do?

**Mike:** Well, I know this is gonna sound crazy, but, we could not let the box of [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rats]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] our lives.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. Allright, so we should just give them away. But to nice families, with children, and reduced fat [[Friends-词汇总表#wheat\|wheat]] [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thins]]. They're Bob's favorites.

**Mike:** It's gonna be ok.

**Phoebe:** You must think I'm crazy.

**Mike:** No, I think you're sweet.

**Phoebe:** Good. It's just so hard, it's hard for me to ... let them go. I guess it just brings back memories, you know, from ... when I gave birth to my brother's [[Friends-词汇总表#triplet\|triplets]] and I had to give them up. *(Mike is shocked)* I haven't told you about that yet, have I?


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's party, Rachel is on the balcony, Monica goes there also

**Monica:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi. Thanks for the party, honey. Should I help you clean up?

**Monica:** No way! You had your party, now I have mine! Is everything alright?

**Rachel:** Yeah, I just get a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bummed]] when my birthday's over.

**Monica:** Well, at least you have one thing to be happy about. That [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] Gavin from your office didn't show up *(Gavin shows up at the balcony windows)*.

**Rachel:** Mmm hmm.

**Gavin:** Yeah, hey. *(comes in to the balcony)*

**Monica:** Oh, we weren't talking about you. No, no way to [[Friends-词汇总表#recover\|recover]].

**Rachel:** No.

*(Monica goes back inside)*

**Gavin:** Nice party.

**Rachel:** Well, it was, and you would have seen it if you didn't showed up at *(looks at his watch)* ... 9:30?? God! Oh, this party was [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] ...

**Monica:** *(from inside)* Again, you're welcome.

**Gavin:** Look, I'll just give you this and go.

**Rachel:** Oh, you bought me a present! Why?

**Gavin:** Well, let me [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] how [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] parties usually work. There are presents, and a [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]], perhaps a [[Friends-词汇总表#fourth\|fourth]] or [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] person. Ok, I ... got you the present to make up for being such a [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] to you earlier.

**Rachel:** Aww. Well, ok, well that's very nice. And you wrote a card *(opens the card)*. "From Gavin"

**Gavin:** I really mean it.

**Rachel:** *(opens the present, it's a green scarf)* Awww, awww, it's beautiful.

**Gavin:** You don't mind? *(puts it around her neck)* Well, what do you know, it fits!

**Rachel:** See, Gavin, you're [[Friends-词汇总表#capable\|capable]] of being a nice guy. Why did you give me such a hard time?

**Gavin:** I'm not sure.

**Rachel:** Well Monica seems to think it's because you have [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for me.

**Gavin:** I do have [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]] for you.

**Rachel:** You do?

**Gavin:** Yes, I feel that you are a little [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]].

**Rachel:** See? Why, Gavin, why? Right when I'm about to change my opinion of you, you go and you ... *(he kisses her)* and you do that ... *(they kiss again)*


> [!scene] cut to Ross from his appartment, holding baby toys and is shocked to see them kissing] ENDING CREDITS

**Chandler:** *(sings in a helium voice)* First I was afraid, I was [[Friends-词汇总表#petrify\|petrified]] *(very happy)*

**Phoebe:** *(walks in)* Hey

**Chandler:** *(normal voice)* Hi

**Phoebe:** Listen, I think I've left something here.

**Chandler:** Oh, well someone left this *(shows a green jacket)*. This is yours?

**Phoebe:** *(likes the jacket)* No, but I like it. I think I left one of my [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] babies.

**Chandler:** Oh, uh, well, I haven't seem it but if I do I'll let you know.

**Monica:** Ohmygod! Rat baby! Rat baby! Rat baby! *(screams from another room)*

**Phoebe:** *(realizes)* Ooh, maybe that's him!





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（39）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 3 | 217 | 129 | *So hot I cried myself to sleep last night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 3 | 279 | 145 | *I was giving you an appology and you were totally checking her out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 3 | 308 | 105 | *I'll find Bob, I'll get him. Bob?  Bob! Robert!  Oh wait, I think I hear him. Oh - Oh my god! Bob ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 3 | 385 | 206 | *Listen, can you do me a favor? I'm gonna be out today. Can you just keep an eye on Joey, make sure n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *Ok ...  Well, uh, Joey, I guess we have no problem.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *Bye* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *To kill Bob??* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Well, I know this is gonna sound crazy, but, we could not let the box of rats ruin our lives.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 1 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 1 | 101 | 68 | *So hot I cried myself to sleep last night.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *OK, I don't want to freak you out or anything, but I think I just saw a rat in your cupboard.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *So weird, you think he's so gross and you're willing to eat his crackers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *So weird, you think he's so gross and you're willing to eat his crackers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Hello.  But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf, I am just really really happy ...  I'm sorry, obv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Hello.  But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf, I am just really really happy ...  I'm sorry, obv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *I wasn't checking her out. I'm in fashion, I was looking at her skirt. Or was it pants? I didn't rea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Oh, you know what - my first impression of you was absolutely right. You are arrogant, you are pompo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Yeah well what are you, his boyfriend?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Come on, there are plenty of other women out thereok? Just - just forget about her, ok? Just, she's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Ok, ok, I'll throw away the traps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously dude, 3 years ago.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *You do appear right on the cusp of something. Come on man, I'm sure he'll lose interest in a week or* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Well we gotta do something, ok? Nannies like her don't grow on trees.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Um, excuse me Gavin, I have a question I need to ask you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented col* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Why did you invite him?? I can't stand that guy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *Oh, you're welcome for the party. I'm glad you're having a good time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *God, I hope he doesn't show up. Of course he's not gonna show up, the guy hates me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Oh, Monica, you think Skippy liked you? Honey, all those buys had a bet to see if he can knock you o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Wouldn't kick her out of bed. No more Vodka for me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *Where the hell are Joey and Molly? I asked you to watch them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blow\|blow]] | /blәu/ | n. 吹, 打击, 殴打, 花开 | n. a powerful stroke with the fist or a weapon | 1 | 60 | 56 | *No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Ok, fine, these rats are our responsibility. What happens when they mate and there are hundreds of t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Mate? They're all brothers and sisters.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *No way! You had your party, now I have mine! Is everything alright?* |

### 常用词（61）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 8 | 152 | 44 | *Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]] | /'prinsis/ | n. 公主, 王妃, 女巨头 | n. a female member of a royal family other than the queen (especially the daught | 3 | 22 | 10 | *Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's forbidden fruit! It's like ..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 2 | 46 | 36 | *I don't know but they don't sound like spa treatments. You have to get rid of it!* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 2 | 204 | 33 | *Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 2 | 48 | 31 | *Why do you even care if I was looking at her? Are you jealous?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#attractive\|attractive]] | /ә'træktiv/ | a. 吸引人的, 有魅力的 | a. pleasing to the eye or mind especially through beauty or charm | 2 | 22 | 20 | *What's the big deal with her? Maybe she's attractive in an obvious kind of way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obvious\|obvious]] | /'ɒbviәs/ | a. 明显的, 明白的, 显然的, 平淡无奇的 | a. easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind | 2 | 20 | 17 | *What's the big deal with her? Maybe she's attractive in an obvious kind of way.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trap\|trap]] | /træp/ | n. 圈套, 陷阱, 诡计, 存水弯 | n. a device in which something (usually an animal) can be caught and penned | 2 | 13 | 10 | *Setting rat traps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 2 | 57 | 29 | *Wh - No. Some woman who sounded a lot like Joey called earlier and asked for her daughter, the "hot * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fake\|fake]] | /feik/ | n. 假货, 欺骗, 诡计 | n. something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be | 2 | 51 | 37 | *I was faking it! Can't you tell when I'm being fake?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 2 | 41 | 29 | *Be careful, be careful! These are my rat babies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 2 | 31 | 26 | *Well, at least you have one thing to be happy about. That jerk Gavin from your office didn't show up* |
| awww |  | n. 啊啊… |  | 2 | 25 | 23 | *Awww, awww, it's beautiful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 2 | 76 | 44 | *Well Monica seems to think it's because you have feelings for me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice - not helping.* |
| shhh |  | [网络] 嘘；听觉障碍自助服务大会；请小声一点 |  | 1 | 34 | 29 | *Shhh don't say that loud, Gunther's gonna want to hug me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loud\|loud]] | /laud/ | a. 大声的, 不断的, 喧吵的 | a. characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity | 1 | 37 | 30 | *Shhh don't say that loud, Gunther's gonna want to hug me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *Shhh don't say that loud, Gunther's gonna want to hug me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] | /'kuki/ | n. 饼干, 小甜点 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) | 1 | 29 | 15 | *You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|reject]] | /ri'dʒekt/ | n. 被拒之人, 被弃之物, 不合格品, 次品 | v. refuse to accept or acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whew\|whew]] | /hwju:/ | n. 吹哨声 | n. & interj. A sound like a half-formed whistle, expressing | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Oh, whew, no, that's Bob.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] | /pleit/ | n. 碟, 盘子, 盆中物, 金属板, 图版, 金银餐具, 印版, 金属牌(照) | n. a sheet of metal or wood or glass or plastic | 1 | 49 | 19 | *Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who I put food out for, you know. Kinda l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 1 | 52 | 24 | *Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who I put food out for, you know. Kinda l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gross\|gross]] | /grәus/ | n. 总数, 总量 | n. twelve dozen | 1 | 24 | 22 | *So weird, you think he's so gross and you're willing to eat his crackers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impression\|impression]] | /im'preʃәn/ | n. 印象, 意念, 盖印, 印记, 印数, 底色, 效果 | n. a vague idea in which some confidence is placed | 1 | 14 | 14 | *No, I just mean that, you know, first impressions don't mean anything. And I-I think you're a really* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skirt\|skirt]] | /skә:t/ | n. 裙子, 下摆, 边缘, 郊区 | n. cloth covering that forms the part of a garment below the waist | 1 | 14 | 11 | *I wasn't checking her out. I'm in fashion, I was looking at her skirt. Or was it pants? I didn't rea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] | /.inә'prәupriәt/ | a. 不适当的, 不相称的 | a. not suitable for a particular occasion etc | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Oh yeah, I'm jealous. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at my ass".  Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *Yeah, obvious beauty's the worst. You know, when it's right there in your face. Me, I like to have t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earn]] | /ә:n/ | vt. 赚得, 获得, 博得 | v. acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Yeah, obvious beauty's the worst. You know, when it's right there in your face. Me, I like to have t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prefer\|prefer]] | /pri'fә:/ | vt. 宁可, 较喜欢, 提出 | v. like better; value more highly | 1 | 15 | 15 | *Hey, listen, Joey, about Molly, I really prefer if you didn't go after her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] | /'plenti/ | n. 充分, 很多, 丰富 | n. a full supply | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Come on, there are plenty of other women out thereok? Just - just forget about her, ok? Just, she's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] | /nek/ | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈 | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *No, no, to test his neck strength.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]] | /'feivә/ | n. 好意, 喜爱 | n. an act of gracious kindness | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Listen, can you do me a favor? I'm gonna be out today. Can you just keep an eye on Joey, make sure n* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blame\|blame]] | /bleim/ | n. 过失, 责备 | n. a reproach for some lapse or misdeed | 1 | 28 | 24 | *Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know as well as I do that once Jo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] | /'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | vt. 组织, 有机化, 给予生机 | v. cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to organize my thoughts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fruit\|fruit]] | /fru:t/ | n. 水果, 果类, 结果 | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant | 1 | 23 | 14 | *Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's forbidden fruit! It's like ..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] | /bʌt/ | n. 粗大的一头, 烟头, 靶, 笑柄 | n. thick end of the handle | 1 | 69 | 43 | *If you like looking at butts so much why don't you just go look at a mirror?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mirror\|mirror]] | /'mirә/ | n. 镜子, 写真, 典范 | n. polished surface that forms images by reflecting light | 1 | 21 | 20 | *If you like looking at butts so much why don't you just go look at a mirror?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Ready for your birthday lunch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented col* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talented\|talented]] | /'tælәntid/ | a. 天资高的, 有才能的 | a. endowed with talent or talents | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented col* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Well I don't mind, I'll cancel. I would never miss my secretary's birthday.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 1 | 34 | 22 | *Hey, Mr Philips, nice suit!* |
| shh | /ʃ/ | int. 嘘, 安静一点, shew [古]show |  | 1 | 31 | 25 | *Shh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 1 | 68 | 35 | *Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crush\|crush]] | /krʌʃ/ | n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋 | n. a dense crowd of people | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knock]] | /nɒk/ | n. 敲, 敲打, 敲门 | n. the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing) | 1 | 52 | 42 | *Oh, Monica, you think Skippy liked you? Honey, all those buys had a bet to see if he can knock you o* |
| ahhhh |  | 啊（非正式） |  | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Ahhhh , you brought rats to my birthday party?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afford\|afford]] | /ә'fɒ:d/ | vt. 买得起, 足以, 给予 | v. be able to spare or give up | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Well I'm sorry Rachel, but I'm not like you, ok? Not everyone can afford help.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *What do you think you're gonna do, have sex with her right here on my couch?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibility\|possibility]] | /.pɒsә'biliti/ | n. 可能性, 可能的事 | n. a future prospect or potential | 1 | 10 | 10 | *No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepare]] | /pri'pєә/ | vt. 准备, 筹备, 使在思想上有准备, 制造, 调制 | v. to prepare verbally, either for written or spoken delivery | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Ok, ok, you start preparing the formula and I start changing the box and then we gotta put them stra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#math\|math]] | /mæθ/ | n. 数学 | n a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity an | 1 | 14 | 12 | *No.  wh - get off your sister! Oh my god, what are we gonna do? We have 7 rats. So what if each of t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Well, I know this is gonna sound crazy, but, we could not let the box of rats ruin our lives.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] | /θin/ | a. 薄的, 细的, 瘦的, 稀疏的, 稀薄的, 淡的, 弱的, 空洞的 | v. lose thickness; become thin or thinner | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. Allright, so we should just give them away. But to nice families, wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#triplet\|triplet]] | /'triplit/ | n. 三个一组, 三件一套, 三胞胎中的一个 | n. one of three offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Good. It's just so hard, it's hard for me to ... let them go. I guess it just brings back memories, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 1 | 22 | 21 | *Yeah, I just get a little bummed when my birthday's over.* |
| mmm |  | [医] 毫微米 |  | 1 | 21 | 19 | *Mmm hmm.* |

### 低频词（78）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#molly\|molly]] | /'mɔli/ | n. [俚]懦夫；娘娘腔的男人 | n popular aquarium fish | 11 | 16 | 6 | *Uh, good news everyone, we finally found a nanny. This is Molly . Molly, Chandler, Joey. Joey and Ch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] | /ræt/ | n. 鼠, 卑鄙的人, 破坏者, 变节者 | n. any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse | 11 | 20 | 9 | *OK, I don't want to freak you out or anything, but I think I just saw a rat in your cupboard.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]] | /'næni/ | n. 保姆；母山羊 | n. a woman who is the custodian of children | 7 | 25 | 5 | *Uh, good news everyone, we finally found a nanny. This is Molly . Molly, Chandler, Joey. Joey and Ch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#allright\|allright]] | /ɔ:lˈraɪt/ | na. 不错；行；没关系；好 |  | 5 | 16 | 4 | *Looks like Joey is doing allright with her.* |
| appology |  | [网络] 道歉与解释 |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I r* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#morgan\|morgan]] | /'mɒ:gәn/ | n. 摩根马 | n. United States anthropologist who studied the Seneca (1818-1881) | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh, you know what - my first impression of you was absolutely right. You are arrogant, you are pompo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stable\|stable]] | /'steibl/ | n. 马房, 牛棚 | n. a farm building for housing horses or other livestock | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's forbidden fruit! It's like ..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peru\|peru]] | /pә'ru:/ | n. 秘鲁 | n. a republic in western South America; achieved independence from Spain in 1821 | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Hey Mike, what's the capital of Peru?* |
| appartment |  | [网络] 公寓篇；租房子；公寓型 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *You can't keep a rat in your appartment! They're extremely unsanitary, and they transmit leptospiros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pompous\|pompous]] | /'pɒmpәs/ | a. 爱炫耀的, 虚夸的, 盛大的 | a. characterized by pomp and ceremony and stately display | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous and arrogant and obnoxious ...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrogant\|arrogant]] | /'ærәɡәnt/ | a. 自大的, 傲慢的 | s. having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous and arrogant and obnoxious ...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creep\|creep]] | /kri:p/ | n. 爬, 徐行, 蠕动 | n. someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric | 2 | 11 | 9 | *Oh wow, you are really, you're really a creep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meaningful\|meaningful]] | /'mi:niŋful/ | a. 意味深长的 | a. having a meaning or purpose | 2 | 4 | 3 | *That is totally different for two reasons. One - I didn't know that you knew that. And two, I wasn't* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#novel\|novel]] | /'nɒvl/ | n. 小说, 长篇故事 | n. an extended fictional work in prose; usually in the form of a story | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of s* |
| skippy | /'skipi/ | n. [美俚]日本女人（尤其指妓女） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mate\|mate]] | /meit/ | n. 配偶, 对手, 助手, (象棋)将死 | n. the officer below the master on a commercial ship | 2 | 11 | 7 | *Ok, fine, these rats are our responsibility. What happens when they mate and there are hundreds of t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decoration\|decoration]] | /.dekә'reiʃәn/ | n. 装饰, 装饰品 | n. something used to beautify | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight.* |
| apparantly |  | [网络] 清晰可见地 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice - not helping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#survive\|survive]] | /sә'vaiv/ | vt. 比...活得长, 生存, 生还, 幸免于 | v. continue to live through hardship or adversity | 1 | 9 | 9 | *I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice - not helping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helium\|helium]] | /'hi:liәm/ | n. 氦 | n. a very light colorless element that is one of the six inert gasses; the most  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice - not helping.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fussy\|fussy]] | /'fʌsi/ | a. 易怒的, 爱挑剔的, 难取悦的, 易烦恼的 | s annoyed and irritable | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ooh, somebody's getting a little fussy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bravo\|bravo]] | /'brɑ:vәu/ | n. 亡命徒, 喝彩 | n. a cry of approval as from an audience at the end of great performance | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yes, Bravo on the hot nanny.* |
| mena |  | n. 米纳（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Eh, I mean, I mena she's not unattractive but hot? I ....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unattractive\|unattractive]] | /.ʌnә'træktiv/ | a. 无吸引力的, 无魅力的, 乏味的, 不美的 | a. lacking beauty or charm | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Eh, I mean, I mena she's not unattractive but hot? I ....* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lima\|lima]] | /'li:mә/ | n. 利马（秘鲁首都） | n. capital and largest city and economic center of Peru; located in western Peru | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Lima.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helpfully\|helpfully]] |  | adv. 有用地；有益地 | r. in a helpful manner | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No. It starts with a "v" and ends with an "x". Helpfully with a "to" in the middle.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cupboard\|cupboard]] | /'kʌpbɒ:d/ | n. 食橱, 碗柜, 餐具柜 | n. a small room (or recess) or cabinet used for storage space | 1 | 3 | 3 | *OK, I don't want to freak you out or anything, but I think I just saw a rat in your cupboard.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occasional\|occasional]] | /ә'keiʒәnl/ | a. 偶然的, 临时的 | s. occurring from time to time | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who I put food out for, you know. Kinda l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#visitor\|visitor]] | /'vizitә/ | n. 参观者, 游客, 访客 | n. someone who visits | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who I put food out for, you know. Kinda l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poop\|poop]] | /pu:p/ | n. 艉楼, 船尾, 消息, 啪啪声 | n obscene terms for feces | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who I put food out for, you know. Kinda l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] | /ik'stri:mli/ | adv. 极端地, 非常地 | r. to an extreme degree | 1 | 8 | 8 | *You can't keep a rat in your appartment! They're extremely unsanitary, and they transmit leptospiros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unsanitary\|unsanitary]] | /.ʌn'sænitәri/ | a. 不卫生的, 有碍健康的, 不清洁的 | a. not sanitary or healthful | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You can't keep a rat in your appartment! They're extremely unsanitary, and they transmit leptospiros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#transmit\|transmit]] | /træns'mit/ | vt. 传输, 传染, 传达, 遗传, 发射, 传播 | v. send from one person or place to another | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You can't keep a rat in your appartment! They're extremely unsanitary, and they transmit leptospiros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leptospirosis\|leptospirosis]] | /,leptәuspai'rәusis/ | [医] 钩端螺旋体病 | n an infectious disease cause by leptospira and transmitted to humans from domes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You can't keep a rat in your appartment! They're extremely unsanitary, and they transmit leptospiros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hantavirus\|hantavirus]] |  | [医]汉坦病毒属 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You can't keep a rat in your appartment! They're extremely unsanitary, and they transmit leptospiros* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spa\|spa]] | /spɑ:/ | n. 矿泉, 温泉浴场, 矿泉治疗地 | n a health resort near a spring or at the seaside | 1 | 6 | 4 | *I don't know but they don't sound like spa treatments. You have to get rid of it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cracker\|cracker]] | /'krækә/ | n. 饼干, 爆竹 | n. a thin crisp wafer made of flour and water with or without leavening and shor | 1 | 9 | 8 | *So weird, you think he's so gross and you're willing to eat his crackers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obnoxious\|obnoxious]] | /әb'nɒkʃәs/ | a. 可憎的, 使人不愉快的, 令人讨厌的 | s causing disapproval or protest | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous and arrogant and obnoxious ...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#misjudge\|misjudge]] | /mis'dʒʌdʒ/ | v. 判断错 | v. judge incorrectly | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, I just mean that, you know, first impressions don't mean anything. And I-I think you're a really* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaf]] | /li:f/ | n. 叶, 树叶, 花瓣, 页 | n. the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hello.  But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf, I am just really really happy ...  I'm sorry, obv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heather\|heather]] | /'heðә/ | n. 石南花 | n. common Old World heath represented by many varieties; low evergreen grown wid | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hello.  But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf, I am just really really happy ...  I'm sorry, obv* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subordinate\|subordinate]] | /sә'bɒ:dnit/ | n. 属下, 附属物 | n. an assistant subject to the authority or control of another | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah, I'm jealous. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at my ass".  Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I * |
| cher |  | n. 谢尔河（法国） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It was ...  oh my god. He didn't have a last name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moses\|moses]] | /'mәuziz/ | n. 摩西, 领导者, 立法者 | n. (Old Testament) the Hebrew prophet who led the Israelites from Egypt across t | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It was ...  oh my god. He didn't have a last name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leer\|leer]] | /liә/ | n. 秋波, 媚眼, 恶意的瞥视 | n. a suggestive or sneering look or grin | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I wasn't staring. I was leering.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elect\|elect]] | /i'lekt/ | n. 当选人, 被选的人 | v. select by a vote for an office or membership | 1 | 1 | 1 | *They've elected me to talk to you about the baby talk - it's not so good.* |
| mikey |  | n. 米奇（姓氏名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey Mikey* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strength\|strength]] | /streŋθ/ | n. 力量, 实力, 强度, 浓度, 人数, 抵抗力 | n. the property of being physically or mentally strong | 1 | 8 | 7 | *No, no, to test his neck strength.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#capture\|capture]] | /'kæptʃә/ | n. 抓取, 战利品, 捕获之物 | n. the act of forcibly dispossessing an owner of property | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna capture him and, and you know, set * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wisecrack\|wisecrack]] | /'waizkræk/ | n. 俏皮话 | n. witty remark | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna capture him and, and you know, set * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owl\|owl]] | /aul/ | n. 猫头鹰 | n. nocturnal bird of prey with hawk-like beak and claws and large head with fron | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna capture him and, and you know, set * |
| suzie | /'su:zi/ | n. 苏西（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Suzie?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#interference\|interference]] | /.intә'fiәrәns/ | n. 冲突, 干涉 | n. (American football) blocking a player's path with your body | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference? Because I could get a job any day no* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cusp\|cusp]] | /kʌsp/ | n. 尖头, 尖端 | n. point formed by two intersecting arcs (as from the intrados of a Gothic arch) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You do appear right on the cusp of something. Come on man, I'm sure he'll lose interest in a week or* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plural\|plural]] | /'pluәrәl/ | n. 复数 | n. the form of a word that is used to denote more than one | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Your thoughts? Plural?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forbid\|forbid]] | /fә'bid/ | vt. 禁止, 不准, 妨碍 | v. command against | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's forbidden fruit! It's like ..* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obstacle\|obstacle]] | /'ɒbstәkl/ | n. 障碍, 妨害物, 阻碍 | n. something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmo | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mediocre\|mediocre]] | /.mi:di'әukә/ | a. 不好不坏的, 通常, 平凡的 | s. moderate to inferior in quality | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Fine ... mediocre porn* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pad]] | /pæd/ | n. 填补, 衬垫, 印色盒, 路 | n. a number of sheets of paper fastened together along one edge | 1 | 12 | 7 | *Thank god you finally said that, I saw you make a note on your pad three hours ago.  Man, I really b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#momma\|momma]] |  | n. 妈咪 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Oh, please, I don't care about you enough to bug me. In fact, from now on, I'm going take the high r* |
| colleage |  | [网络] 学术 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented col* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#importantly\|importantly]] |  | adv. 重要地；大量地；有名望地；自命不凡地 | r. in an important way or to an important degree | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented col* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#philip\|philip]] | /'filip/ | n. 菲利普（男子名） | n. Englishman and husband of Elizabeth II (born 1921) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, Mr Philips, nice suit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#playground\|playground]] | /'pleigraund/ | n. 运动场, 操场, 度假胜地, 活动场所 | n. yard consisting of an outdoor area for children's play | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secretly\|secretly]] | /'si:kritli/ | adv. 秘密地, 背地里 | r. in secrecy; not openly | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vodka\|vodka]] | /'vɒdkә/ | n. 伏特加酒 | n. unaged colorless liquor originating in Russia | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Wouldn't kick her out of bed. No more Vodka for me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stroke\|stroke]] | /strәuk/ | n. 笔划, 打, 中风, 抚, 摩, 冲程 | n. (sports) the act of swinging or striking at a ball with a club or racket or b | 1 | 5 | 5 | *So this is what a stroke feels like.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#constant\|constant]] | /'kɒnstәnt/ | n. 常数, 恒量 | n. a quantity that does not vary | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I had to bring them! We killed their mother, they're our responsibility now. You know, they require * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#occupy\|occupy]] | /'ɒkjupai/ | vt. 占领, 占(时间、空间等), 住进, 担任, 使从事, 使全神贯注 | v. live (in a certain place) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I'm sorry, I got a little occupied.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#discipline\|discipline]] | /'disiplin/ | n. 训练, 纪律 | n. a branch of knowledge | 1 | 3 | 3 | *So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a discipline. It takes a lot of ha* |
| thanx |  | [网络] 谢谢；感谢名单；爱内里菜 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thanx.* |
| tabatha |  | n. 【女名】女子名 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey! Guys, this is Tabatha .  I'll see you tomorrow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fairy\|fairy]] | /'fєәri/ | n. 仙女, 精灵 | n. a small being, human in form, playful and having magical powers | 1 | 4 | 3 | *It's like my favorite fairy tale come true!  The princess, the stable boy and the lesbian!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tale\|tale]] | /teil/ | n. 故事, 谎言, 谣言, 陈述, 叙述 | n a message that tells the particulars of an act or occurrence or course of even | 1 | 4 | 3 | *It's like my favorite fairy tale come true!  The princess, the stable boy and the lesbian!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#formula\|formula]] | /'fɒ:mjulә/ | n. 客套语, 公式, 准则 | n. a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ok, ok, you start preparing the formula and I start changing the box and then we gotta put them stra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#revolve\|revolve]] | /ri'vɒlv/ | v. (使)旋转, 反复考虑, 循环出现 | v. turn on or around an axis or a center | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey, when did we become one of those couples whose lives revolve around their rats?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wheat\|wheat]] | /hwi:t/ | n. 小麦 | n. annual or biennial grass having erect flower spikes and light brown grains | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. Allright, so we should just give them away. But to nice families, wi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recover\|recover]] | /ri'kʌvә/ | vt. 重新获得, 恢复, 复原, 拯救 | v. get or find back; recover the use of | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, we weren't talking about you. No, no way to recover.* |
