---
season: 9
episode: "22"
title: "Friends - 922 - The one with the donor"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E22 — Friends - 922 - The one with the donor

Friends 922 - The one with the donor

*Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen Directed by: Ben Weiss*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Charlie, Joey and Rachel are on the couches

**Charlie:** *(while Joey's giving her a massage)* Oh! That feels sooo good!

**Rachel:** *(speaking to herself and reading Cosmopolitan)* Oh, lucky me! Coffee and a live sex show!

**Charlie:** I'm sorry, what?

**Rachel:** Oh... Oh, I'm sorry! I'm not... I was just-I was just reading to Emma.

**Charlie:** From... Cosmo??

**Rachel:** Yeah, yeah... It's... "[[Friends-词汇总表#climax\|climax]] your way to better skin".

**Charlie:** *(to Joey)* So, I have to go shopping today, which is my least [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] thing, I'm soo bad at [[Friends-词汇总表#picking\|picking]] out clothes!

**Joey:** So you need someone who knows fashion, to tell you what looks good.

**Rachel:** *(hiding herself behind the magazine and whispering)* Not me, not me, not me, not me, not me!

**Joey:** Oh hey Rach!

**Rachel:** Yeah...

**Joey:** Maybe you could take Charlie shopping.

**Rachel:** Oh, well...

**Charlie:** I'm sure you have better things to do.

**Joey:** Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]]! Yeah, she's the one who [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|taught]] me, you don't wear white after [[Friends-词汇总表#labour\|labour]] day and that you always, always, always have to put on [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] when you're trying on clothes.

**Charlie:** If you have the time, I'd really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] the help.

**Rachel:** Ok, uh-uh... Let's-Let's shop!!

**Joey:** *(to Charlie)* Ok, you're gonna come back with some very [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]] clothes... *(aside to Rachel)*... and some [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lingerie\|lingerie]], SLUTTY!

**Phoebe:** *(entering and talking on mobile phone)* Ok, great! All right, bye! *(she hangs up)* Pain in the ass!! *(she looks at the others, then back at the phone)* That's off, right?

**Joey:** What's the matter, Pheebs?

**Phoebe:** Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, don't worry! I asked him. He's totally ok with seeing you!". So now I have to go so he'll think that I'm totally ok with seeing him!

**Rachel:** Which you're not, because you've totally hung up on him!

**Phoebe:** Exactly!

**Rachel:** And you're gonna want him to eat his heart out so you're gonna have to look [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]]!

**Phoebe:** *(after a short pause)* I didn't even think about that! *(pause)* Aaargh, sexual politics!!

**Rachel:** Hey Pheebs, I'm-I'm taking Charlie shopping, why don't you come and I'll help you find something.

**Phoebe:** Ok, that'll be great!

**Joey:** Oh, ain't that nice? The three of you trying on [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lingerie\|lingerie]] together.

**Rachel:** That's not what we're gonna do!

**Joey:** Why would you [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] it, who was that hurtin'?


---

**Opening credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Doctor Connelly's office

**Chandler:** *(looking at the picture of the female reproductive system)* Wow! Fortunately she has a very pretty face!

**Monica:** Oh, I so can't believe this! My [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]] is an [[Friends-词汇总表#inhospitable\|inhospitable]] environment? I was trying so hard to be a good [[Friends-词汇总表#hostess\|hostess]]!

**Chandler:** Oh, I can't believe my [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] have low [[Friends-词汇总表#motility\|motility]] because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] to get places!!

**Doctor Connelly:** *(entering)* Hi there.

**Chandler:** Hi.

**Monica:** Hi.

**Doctor Connelly:** I'm sorry there wasn't better news from your test last week but I wanted to talk to you about your options.

**Monica:** Ok.

**Doctor Connelly:** Above all, even though your chances of conceiving through natural means aren't great, you never know! So, keep having sex on a regular basis.

**Chandler:** Oh, DAMN IT!

*(Dr. Connelly glares at Chandler)*

**Monica:** Don't worry, after a while he'll [[Friends-词汇总表#tune\|tune]] it out.

**Doctor Connelly:** Ok, given your situation, the options with the greatest chances for success would be surrogacy, or insemination using a sperm donor.

**Monica:** *(long pause)* Ok.

**Doctor Connelly:** And, of course, if you feel that neither of those is right for you, you can always adopt.

**Chandler:** Is that a [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]]? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! *(Dr. Connelly glares at him)* Wow, talking about an [[Friends-词汇总表#inhospitable\|inhospitable]] environment!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Joey and Charlie on the couch. Rachel enters

**Rachel:** Hi! Ok, you're ready to go pick up Phoebe and go shopping?

**Charlie:** Oh, yeah! Let's do it!

**Joey:** *(to Charlie)* Alright, have a good time. *(they kiss)*

**Rachel:** Not gonna find any clothes in there!

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey, you guys!

**Rachel:** Hi.

**Ross:** Guess who's up for [[Friends-词汇总表#keynote\|keynote]] [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]] at the National Paleontology Conference?

**Charlie:** Umh... Kurts Baley?

**Ross:** Yeah, right! What was last time he met a [[Friends-词汇总表#submission\|submission]] [[Friends-词汇总表#deadline\|deadline]] for an abstract *(he and Charlie laugh, then Joey starts laughing too without any reason)* Well, why are you laughing?

**Joey:** Just... seeing what it'd be like to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]]... it's fun, yeah!

**Charlie:** So you're up for [[Friends-词汇总表#keynote\|keynote]] [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]]! Who's making the decisions?

**Ross:** Professor Sherman, yeah. I've a meeting with him today.

**Charlie:** He's a pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] guy to [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]].

**Ross:** Yeah, well... I think I know how to [[Friends-词汇总表#dazzle\|dazzle]] him.

**Rachel:** Oh... you're not gonna do a magic [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]], are ya?

**Ross:** Tsz... NO! *(he goes to sit down, dropping a multicoloured silk streamer off his sleeve)*.

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Hey guys!

**Ross:** Wait a minute, you guys. Oh, I wanna ask you something. I-I I may get to speak at this [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] [[Friends-词汇总表#convention\|convention]] and if I do, I'd love for you guys to come and hear me.

**Chandler:** I think I can [[Friends-词汇总表#safely\|safely]] say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]].

**Ross:** It's in Barbados.

**Chandler:** But you come first!

**Rachel:** I'm there!

**Charlie:** We'll see you, guys! *(she goes)*

**Joey:** Bye.

**Rachel:** Bye, see ya. *(she goes)*

**Chandler:** *(sitting down on the couch)* Ok.

**Joey:** All right, so. How did it go at the [[Friends-词汇总表#fertility\|fertility]] [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]]?

**Chandler:** Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] sample.

**Ross:** So-so what did the doctor say?

**Chandler:** Well... there's [[Friends-词汇总表#surrogacy\|surrogacy]], but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt that watching a [[Friends-词汇总表#surrogate\|surrogate]] would be... too hard for her.

**Joey:** So you're ruling out [[Friends-词汇总表#surrogacy\|surrogacy]]?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Joey:** So, I don't have to learn what that means?

**Chandler:** Aside from [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] the only other choice is [[Friends-词汇总表#insemination\|insemination]], so... we're talking about [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] [[Friends-词汇总表#donor\|donors]].

**Joey:** Enough said, I'm there for you man. Where is she, [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]]?

**Chandler:** *(stopping Joey)* ah-ha!

**Ross:** How do you feel about all this?

**Chandler:** I wish there was an [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one.

**Joey:** Come on Ross, be a good guy. Step up and do it!

**Ross:** *(puzzled)* What?

*(Joey moves close to Ross and whispers something in his ear)*

**Ross:** *(looking astonished)* What? NO! I am not going to give them Ben!


> [!scene] Scene: Professor Sherman's office, Ross is relating to Professor Sherman

**Ross:** The data we are receiving from MRI [[Friends-词汇总表#scan\|scans]] and DNA testing of these [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossils]] are - are [[Friends-词汇总表#stagger\|staggering]].

**Professor Sherman:** Mmm-mm.

**Ross:** *(reading from a notepad)* I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] years or so then you can - you can just throw most of our [[Friends-词汇总表#assumption\|assumptions]], you know, right in the [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]]. *(he throws the notepad in the waste bin)* So-so what I am saying is - is is that *(he picks the notepad back from the waste bin)* is that the [[Friends-词汇总表#repercussion\|repercussions]] could be huge! I mean, not just in [[Friends-词汇总表#palaeontology\|palaeontology]], but if-if you think about it, in [[Friends-词汇总表#evolutionary\|evolutionary]] [[Friends-词汇总表#biology\|biology]], uh, [[Friends-词汇总表#genetics\|genetics]], [[Friends-词汇总表#geology\|geology]], uh, I mean, [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] the mind [[Friends-词汇总表#boggle\|boggles]]!

*(Turns to look at Professor Sherman, only to discover that he is sleeping)*

**Ross:** Oh, that's not what you want...


> [!scene] Scene: Shop, Rachel, Charlie and Phoebe walk in] Shop assistant: (to a girl) Incentive For Men?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I'll take some of that.

**Rachel:** Pheebs, that's for men!

**Phoebe:** No, I know, this way when I go to the party later Mike will know I am over him cause I'm gonna smell like another guy. *(to the shop assistant)* Yeah.

*(The shop assistant sprays the perfume on Phoebe's neck)*

**Phoebe:** Ok. Oh good, I'm dating a Russian [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] driver. *(to the shop assistant)*. Seriously does anyone buy this? I smell like [[Friends-词汇总表#beet\|beets]]!

**Charlie:** *(to Rachel)* So, you know what, I really like those [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jackets]] with the [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pads]] on them. Where do you think those would be?

**Rachel:** On Melanie Griffith in "Working girl". I think what you want is over here.

**Charlie:** See, I told you I needed someone! Oh, you know, by the way, as a "thank you", I would really love to take you out.

**Rachel:** Really?

**Charlie:** Yeah! Actually Joey and I are going to the movies tonight, wanna come?

**Rachel:** Oh, I can't. Because I-I've seen them.

**Charlie:** You've seen all the movies...

**Rachel:** Yeah! I'm a big fan! Of the movies, you know. Motion pictures. The Talkies!

**Phoebe:** *(picks up a dress)* Hey Rach, will you come with me to a dressing room?

**Rachel:** Sure!

**Phoebe:** Ok!

**Charlie:** Wha, you know, maybe we can do something else!

**Rachel:** You know that [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depends]] on what it is! I've done a lot of stuff.

*(Phoebe and Rachel go off to the dressing rooms. They enter one and close the curtain.)*

**Phoebe:** So what were you doing out there, do you not like Charlie?

**Rachel:** She's ok, I just don't get a really good [[Friends-词汇总表#vibe\|vibe]] from her!

**Phoebe:** Why?

**Rachel:** I don't know, you know, just the way she [[Friends-词汇总表#waltz\|waltzed]] in here all smart, and [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]]! You know, and just [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|swept]] Joey off his feet... I mean, nobody else has a chance!

**Phoebe:** Who else?

**Rachel:** Anybody! You, me, you know, Monica's mom...

**Phoebe:** You like Joey?

**Rachel:** Shhhhh! Phoebe! All right, look. I have a little thing for him.

**Phoebe:** *(whispering)* Oh my God!

**Rachel:** It's just physical and I have it totally under control! Ok? It's just, when I see them together, sometimes I just get a little [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]]!

**Phoebe:** Uh, wow! Isn't it [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]] that he liked you and now you like him?

**Rachel:** *(annoyed)* Oh, I get it!

**Phoebe:** Oh well, as long as it is under control, you know, you can't do anything about it, he's already dating her, and she is a nice person, that wouldn't be right.

**Rachel:** I know, I know, so it is just not a big deal.

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** So can we keep this between us?

**Phoebe:** Sure!

**Rachel:** Ok, great, because I gotta get out of here, the smell of [[Friends-词汇总表#beet\|beets]] is killing me!

**Phoebe:** Oh.

*(Rachel opens the curtains and sees Charlie coming out from the dressing room just next to theirs)*

**Phoebe:** Any chance Charlie has a [[Friends-词汇总表#deaf\|deaf]] [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's apartment, Chandler walks in with a friend of his while Monica is putting fruit in a bowl.

**Monica:** Hi honey!

**Chandler:** Hey! Look I brought a friend for dinner, this is Zack, from work!

**Monica:** Oh, of course, it's so nice to see you again, Zack!

**Zack:** *(shaking Monica's hand)* You too.

**Chandler:** You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both [[Friends-词汇总表#polite\|polite]]! *(pause)* Go to have a seat Zack, and I'll get you a [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]].

**Monica:** I got it.

**Zack:** Thanks.

**Chandler:** *(to Mon)* So, Zack's pretty nice, uh?

**Monica:** Yeah, I guess.

**Chandler:** So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his!

**Monica:** *(turns around and she's quite shocked)* Excuse me?

**Chandler:** Well, we're talking about [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] [[Friends-词汇总表#donor\|donors]] and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's [[Friends-词汇总表#intelligent\|intelligent]], he's [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]], he's [[Friends-词汇总表#athletic\|athletic]], I mean, he is "spermtastic"!

**Monica:** Chandler, this is crazy! What did you even say to him! "Come up, meet my wife! Give us your [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]]"!

**Chandler:** No, I invited him to dinner so you could get a chance to get to know him! I mean, if we go through a [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] bank you never meet the guy, get to check him out.

**Monica:** Chandler!

**Chandler:** I'm telling you, he's great! I mean, even if my [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] worked fine, I'd think he'd be the way to go!

**Monica:** I'm not going to be a part of this! You can't just bring some random guy at home and expect him to be our [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] [[Friends-词汇总表#donor\|donor]]!

**Chandler:** Ok!

**Monica:** Uh!

**Chandler:** *(bringing the beer to Zack)* Zack!

**Zack:** Thanks! Do you have a [[Friends-词汇总表#coaster\|coaster]]? I don't wanna make a ring.

*(Monica hears that and is suddenly very interested in Zack)*

**Monica:** Tell me about yourself, Zack!


> [!scene] Scene: Shop, Phoebe and Rachel are talking in front of the dressing room

**Rachel:** Oh, God, do you think she heard? It would be so bad if she heard!

**Phoebe:** Well, maybe she didn't hear! Ok I'm gonna go into that dressing room, you stay in here and I'll talk and see if you can hear me.

**Rachel:** Ok, great!

*(Phoebe moves in the dressing room from which Charlie went out)*

**Rachel:** Oh, thank God I can't hear a word that you're saying!

**Phoebe:** *(sticks her head out)* I didn't say anything yet!

**Rachel:** *(sticks her head out too)* Well, get back in there and talk!

**Phoebe:** *(goes back in)* I'm Rachel. It's so [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]] when I put Emma on the phone to talk with my friends.

**Rachel:** *(comes out again)* What!?

**Phoebe:** *(comes out too)* Well, some things are just hard to say to your face.

**Rachel:** Ok well, I heard that! Which means that she heard it too!

**Phoebe:** Ooh! We have a problem.

**Rachel:** Oh! What are we gonna do?

*(A strange woman sticks her head out from a third changing cubicle to the far right)*

**Stranger:** Just be [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] with her.

**Rachel:** Oh my God!

**Stranger:** And it is [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoying]] when parents put their baby on the phone...

**Rachel:** *(yelling at the stranger)* Alright! Enough out of you!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey is sitting on his bed and the phone rings

**Joey:** Hello?

**Ross:** Joey! Hey, I need to talk to Charlie. Is she there?

**Joey:** No. no... eh... she went shopping with Rachel. Why? What's up?

**Ross:** I'm meeting with professor Sherman about my being the [[Friends-词汇总表#keynote\|keynote]] [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]]...

**Joey:** Oh! How's it going?

**Ross:** It could be better! He, uhm... he [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]!

**Joey:** What!? But I already bought my [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] to Bermuda!

**Ross:** Barbados.

**Joey:** Fine, I'll rent a car and drive...! Ross, you have to get that job!

**Ross:** What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and [[Friends-词汇总表#evidently\|evidently]] he wants someone named Fran to [[Friends-词汇总表#spank\|spank]] him [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]].

**Joey:** Well, just wake him up!

**Ross:** I can't! If he realizes that I'm the one that put him to sleep, I won't get the job!

**Joey:** Uh! That's a [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|auditioning]] for a play and the [[Friends-词汇总表#producer\|producer]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] and... *(pause)* no wait a minute... it was me who [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]]... Yeah I mean hey, Shakespeare, how about a [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] scene once in a while!?


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartement. Chandler and the guest are in the living room, Monica in the kitchen

**Monica:** Hey guys! Dinner's ready!

**Zack:** Oh! I'm gonna go [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] up first. *(Chandler points him the bathroom)* Thanks!

**Chandler:** So what do you think? I want that guys genes for my kid! Those eyes, those cheeckbones!

**Monica:** Ok, there's [[Friends-词汇总表#enthusiastic\|enthusiastic]] and there's just [[Friends-词汇总表#plain\|plain]] gay!!

**Chandler:** You don't like him.

**Monica:** I think he is fine! It's just that we don't know anything real about him... we should get more information.

**Chandler:** Alright! Just follow my lead!

*(Zack comes out of the bathroom. They all sit down at the table.)*

**Zack:** You guys have such a great place here.

**Chandler:** Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy... do you have a history of mental [[Friends-词汇总表#illness\|illness]] in the family?

**Zack:** Uhm... no. Although I did have an [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] who voted for Dukakis.

**Chandler:** *(very seriously)* That's really not the kind of thing we are looking for Zack.

**Zack:** *(looking very puzzled)* Okaaay... so eh... so tell me, how did you guys meet.

**Monica:** Oh, friends first, drunk in London, you know the story. I've got a better question for you: Do you or any of your blood [[Friends-词汇总表#relative\|relatives]] have [[Friends-词汇总表#diabetes\|diabetes]]?

**Zack:** *(after a pause, very confused)* No...

**Monica:** Eh... Heart Disease, Alzheimers, [[Friends-词汇总表#gout\|gout]]?

**Zack:** You guys don't have people for dinner a lot, huh?

**Monica:** We're just making [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]]. *(Chandler makes an agreeing-sound)*

**Zack:** Ok. I heard a joke today. It's pretty funny...

**Chandler:** You know what's not funny? Male Pattern Baldness *(Monica stretches her neck to look behind Zack's head and then gives Chandler an "ok" sign)*

**Zack:** Ok listen, you guys have shown a lot of interest in me tonight and I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flattered]] and... and quite [[Friends-词汇总表#frankly\|frankly]] a little [[Friends-词汇总表#frighten\|frightened]]. Can we just talk about something else? Monica & Chandler: Sure! Alright...

**Zack:** Ravioli's [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]]!

**Chandler:** I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]]. Did you have [[Friends-词汇总表#brace\|braces]] as a child?

**Zack:** No I didn't.

**Monica:** Yess!! *(M & C high-five and Zack looks confused again)*

**Chandler:** *(Proceeding with his dinner)* We're [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] people Zack!


> [!scene] Scene: In the store. Rachel and Phoebe returning from the changing rooms

**Rachel:** Alright! Let's just do it. Let's just go over there and see if she heard.

**Phoebe:** Good plan.

**Rachel:** Ok. *(Phoebe starts to walk in the opposite direction though. Rachel sees and follows her)* Wha...? where? Where are you going?

**Phoebe:** Oh! I'm sorry Rachel, I don't have time for your [[Friends-词汇总表#childish\|childish]] games, ok? I still have to go find something incredible to wear so I can [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] Mike at "who's more over who"! *(at which she walks away)*

**Rachel:** *(to Charlie)* Hey, hi! Hey, where've you been?

**Charlie:** Oh! trying on clothes.

**Rachel:** *(pretends to be stunned)* Oh! Wi... in the [[Friends-词汇总表#dres\|dres]]... in the dressing room!? Well, that's so weird! Phoebe and I were just trying on clothes in the dressing room. God it's just such a small world!

**Charlie:** *(smiling)* Rachel... I heard you guys [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whispering]].

**Rachel:** Oh God. You did. You heard. Ok, listen, let me [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]].

**Charlie:** No! There's nothing to [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]]. I heard you. Phoebe likes Joey.

**Rachel:** *(after a pause)* Yeah.

**Charlie:** It's just that... I don't understand it... I mean, Phoebe likes Joey and then she comes here to buy a dress to [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] another guy...?

**Rachel:** Yeah! That's Phoebe. That's Phoebe. You know, she just wants them all! It's like she's a [[Friends-词汇总表#nympho\|nympho]]!

**Charlie:** Wow!

**Rachel:** Yeah...

**Charlie:** You know, by the way. I heard you tell her not to do anything. Thanks for sticking up for me. You are such a nice person.

**Rachel:** *(Looks ashamed)* I try...


> [!scene] Scene: Prof. Sherman's office. Sherman is still asleep on his chair, blocking the door.

*(Ross takes his suitcase and tries to get out but ends up falling on Prof. Sherman's laps, thereby waking him up)*

**Ross:** *(To the still half asleep Professor)* Oh my God! You really want me to be the [[Friends-词汇总表#keynote\|keynote]] [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]]? Thank you! *(hugs him whilst still on his lap)* Prof. Sherman: *(confused)* You're welcome. *(Ross hugs him again)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Joey is sitting on the sofa, eating a cookie.

*(Phoebe walks in wearing a fancy, revealing dress, and stands before Joey)*

**Joey:** *(impressed)* Wow! You look... *(drops the cookie)*... stop-eating hot! Which is like the highest level of [[Friends-词汇总表#hotness\|hotness]]!

**Phoebe:** Are you sure? Because I'm really [[Friends-词汇总表#dread\|dreading]] going to this party.

**Joey:** Then don't go!

**Phoebe:** Mike knows I'm coming, and if I don't show up he'll think it's because of him! And I don't want to lose face! That's a very serious thing in my culture.

**Joey:** Alright, then you go to that party and you [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] to be over Mike. And [[Friends-词汇总表#afterward\|afterward]] you come to my place and I'll get you good and drunk!

**Phoebe:** You got it! Ok. But not on the wine that you made, ok, because I just don't want to go back to the Emergency Room.

*(Joey gives Phoebe a thumbs up. Phoebe walks out)*


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Central Perk.

**Phoebe:** David?

*(David the scientist guy is standing at the news-stand)*

**David:** Phoebe! Hi!

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! *(they hug)*

**David:** Wow, you look [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]].

**Phoebe:** Yeah. What-what are you doing here?

**David:** Well, I'm back from Minsk... [[Friends-词汇总表#permanently\|permanently]].

**Phoebe:** What happened?

**David:** Well, remember how I was trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#achieve\|achieve]] the positronic [[Friends-词汇总表#distillation\|distillation]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#subatomic\|subatomic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#particle\|particles]]?

**Phoebe:** Yeah?

**David:** Well, after eight years of research I [[Friends-词汇总表#discover\|discovered]] that it can't be done.

**Phoebe:** Well, it's great that you're back! How are you?

**David:** Good, good, life is good...

**Phoebe:** Good!

**David:** Ah well, I-I'm seeing someone.

**Phoebe:** *(disappointed)* Oh, good for you.

**David:** She's also a [[Friends-词汇总表#scientist\|scientist]], so she's very smart and pretty and... well, it's actually because of you, really, that we're together, I mean, I saw what you had with that Mike guy, and I just said "Boy, I want that".

**Phoebe:** Mike and I broke up.

**David:** You're kidding me. Because I'm not seeing anybody, I've just totally made that up.

**Phoebe:** Really?

**David:** Yeah, I don't know why, I'm sorry, I guess I just didn't want to lose face.

**Phoebe:** I understand. Yeah. Ok so then ok, so we're both living in New York, not seeing anyone. That's so not like us!

**David:** Yeah, I know. Well... this is probably a stupid question, seeing that you look like that, but do you have some place that you need to be right now?

**Phoebe:** Well... *(pause)* no.

**David:** Do you wanna get a drink?

**Phoebe:** I'd love to.

**David:** Great.

**Phoebe:** Ok. *(they walk away together)*

**David:** Do you smell [[Friends-词汇总表#beet\|beets]]?

**Phoebe:** Oh, got it, stay [[Friends-词汇总表#upwind\|upwind]] of me.

*(Charlie and Rachel arrive. They see David and Phoebe leave)*

**Charlie:** Hey, there's Phoebe! Is that Mike she's with?

**Rachel:** No, that's David.

**Charlie:** There's a third guy?

**Rachel:** *(disapprovingly)* Tip of the [[Friends-词汇总表#iceberg\|iceberg]].


> [!scene] Cut to Monica and Chandler's

**Zack:** I'm gonna take off now. You're gonna let me go home, aren't you?

**Chandler:** You sure you don't wanna stick around a little longer?

**Zack:** No, no, I should get home, I'm kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]].

**Chandler:** Are you just [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tired]] now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical [[Friends-词汇总表#depression\|depression]].

**Zack:** No it's just [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tiring]] having to figure out the age at which all my [[Friends-词汇总表#grandparent\|grandparents]] died. I'll see you tomorrow.

**Chandler:** Ok.

*(Zack leaves)*

**Chandler:** I think we've found our [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]]!

**Monica:** Does seem pretty perfect.

**Chandler:** Yeah, you think so, well? Should I ask him?

**Monica:** *(pause)* No.

**Chandler:** Why not, just because his great-[[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] was [[Friends-词汇总表#obese\|obese]], our kids are gonna get that from you anyway!

**Monica:** No, that's not it. It's just that when we were asking him all those questions before, I just... I just realized I don't care if he's the most perfect guy in the world... he's not you.

**Chandler:** Yeah, he's better!

**Monica:** No, he's not. And if I can't get [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] with you, then I don't want to get pregnant by... him or anyone else.

**Chandler:** Really? Are you sure?

**Monica:** Yeah, I'm sure.

**Chandler:** *(sighs with relief)* Thank God, because I don't wanna do this either. You know, I was just doing because I thought that was what you wanted to do. You know, I'm the [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]], I'm supposed to... bring the [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]].

**Monica:** That is so sweet. I love you. *(they kiss)*

**Chandler:** So you know this [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] us with...

**Monica:** Adoption.

**Chandler:** How do you feel about that?

**Monica:** I think I feel ok about it. Actually I think I feel really good about it.

**Chandler:** Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way.

**Monica:** So this is it, we're really gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#adopt\|adopt]]?

**Chandler:** *(smiling)* Yeah.

**Monica:** *(excitedly)* Oh my God, we're gonna be parents!

**Chandler:** We are gonna be great parents.

**Monica:** And it could be soon. I mean, think about it: right now, [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] out there *(they go look through the window)* our baby could be being [[Friends-词汇总表#conceive\|conceived]].

**Chandler:** Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really [[Friends-词汇总表#quiet\|quiet]], we may be able to hear the sound of a [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] breaking!

*(they hug)*


---

**Closing credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Zack's office

**Chandler:** Hey, Zack!

**Zack:** *(hardly enthusiastic)* Hey Chandler.

**Chandler:** Look, I just wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] for last night. I got the [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] we made you a little [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]].

**Zack:** No you didn't.

**Chandler:** Really?

**Zack:** No you did.

**Chandler:** My wife and I have some [[Friends-词汇总表#boundary\|boundary]] issues, you know, sometimes we ask [[Friends-词汇总表#inappropriate\|inappropriate]] questions. We're working on it.

*(Zack's pregnant secretary, Jeanette, walks in)*

**Jeanette:** *(to Zack)* Here are the boards for Friday's [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitch]] *(hands him something)*.

**Zack:** Oh, thank you.

*(Jeanette walks out)*

**Chandler:** You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya?


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（40）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 6 | 81 | 53 | *So, I have to go shopping today, which is my least favourite thing, I'm soo bad at picking out cloth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 5 | 279 | 145 | *Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 4 | 109 | 68 | *No, I know, this way when I go to the party later Mike will know I am over him cause I'm gonna smell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 4 | 135 | 75 | *Hey Rach, will you come with me to a dressing room?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 4 | 215 | 100 | *Hey! Look I brought a friend for dinner, this is Zack, from work!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Ok, great! All right, bye!  Pain in the ass!!  That's off, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *Guess who's up for keynote speaker at the National Paleontology Conference?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 3 | 253 | 119 | *Chandler, this is crazy! What did you even say to him! "Come up, meet my wife! Give us your sperm"!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 2 | 68 | 52 | *Oh, lucky me! Coffee and a live sex show!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 2 | 84 | 58 | *Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evident* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evident* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *Oh, friends first, drunk in London, you know the story. I've got a better question for you: Do you o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 2 | 101 | 74 | *Mike knows I'm coming, and if I don't show up he'll think it's because of him! And I don't want to l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 1 | 181 | 87 | *Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Which you're not, because you've totally hung up on him!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *And you're gonna want him to eat his heart out so you're gonna have to look fabulous!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Oh, DAMN IT!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Yeah, right! What was last time he met a submission deadline for an abstract  Well, why are you laug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *Wait a minute, you guys. Oh, I wanna ask you something. I-I I may get to speak at this paleontology * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Ok. Oh good, I'm dating a Russian cab driver. . Seriously does anyone buy this? I smell like beets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Anybody! You, me, you know, Monica's mom...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Ok, great, because I gotta get out of here, the smell of beets is killing me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite!  Go to have a seat Zack, and I'l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wake\|wake]] | /weik/ | vt. 叫醒, 激发 | n. the wave that spreads behind a boat as it moves forward | 1 | 59 | 50 | *Well, just wake him up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *I can't! If he realizes that I'm the one that put him to sleep, I won't get the job!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Ok. I heard a joke today. It's pretty funny...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Oh! I'm sorry Rachel, I don't have time for your childish games, ok? I still have to go find somethi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Oh! Wi... in the dres... in the dressing room!? Well, that's so weird! Phoebe and I were just trying* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stick\|stick]] | /stik/ | n. 棍, 棒, 刺, 枯枝, 茎, 条状物 | n. an implement consisting of a length of wood | 1 | 112 | 87 | *You know, by the way. I heard you tell her not to do anything. Thanks for sticking up for me. You ar* |

### 常用词（55）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 3 | 50 | 38 | *It could be better! He, uhm... he fell asleep!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#asleep\|asleep]] | /ә'sli:p/ | a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的 | a. in a state of sleep | 3 | 65 | 36 | *It could be better! He, uhm... he fell asleep!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 3 | 53 | 40 | *No, no, I should get home, I'm kinda tired.* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 2 | 204 | 33 | *Oh... Oh, I'm sorry! I'm not... I was just-I was just reading to Emma.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontology\|paleontology]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n. the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 2 | 19 | 13 | *Guess who's up for keynote speaker at the National Paleontology Conference?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 2 | 56 | 47 | *He's a pretty tough guy to impress.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] | /im'pres/ | n. 印象, 特征, 印记 | n. the act of coercing someone into government service | 2 | 16 | 15 | *He's a pretty tough guy to impress.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 2 | 43 | 30 | *Wha, you know, maybe we can do something else!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#annoy\|annoy]] | /ә'nɒi/ | vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰 | v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations | 2 | 27 | 24 | *I'm Rachel. It's so annoying when I put Emma on the phone to talk with my friends.* |
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 2 | 165 | 26 | *It could be better! He, uhm... he fell asleep!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 2 | 24 | 17 | *I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a chi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 2 | 48 | 38 | *Oh God. You did. You heard. Ok, listen, let me explain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 2 | 118 | 49 | *No, he's not. And if I can't get pregnant with you, then I don't want to get pregnant by... him or a* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 1 | 33 | 27 | *Oh! That feels sooo good!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 1 | 21 | 16 | *So, I have to go shopping today, which is my least favourite thing, I'm soo bad at picking out cloth* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 1 | 42 | 29 | *So, I have to go shopping today, which is my least favourite thing, I'm soo bad at picking out cloth* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taste\|taste]] | /teist/ | n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量 | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey in | 1 | 46 | 34 | *Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underwear\|underwear]] | /'ʌndәwєә/ | n. 内衣 | n. undergarment worn next to the skin and under the outer garments | 1 | 62 | 35 | *Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *If you have the time, I'd really appreciate the help.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Why would you ruin it, who was that hurtin'?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]] | /'ju:tәrәs/ | n. 子宫 | n. a hollow muscular organ in the pelvic cavity of females; contains the develop | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Oh, I so can't believe this! My uterus is an inhospitable environment? I was trying so hard to be a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurry\|hurry]] | /'hʌri/ | n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促 | n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry | 1 | 33 | 25 | *Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hint\|hint]] | /hint/ | n. 暗示, 提示 | n. an indirect suggestion | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 古生物学者 | n. a specialist in paleontology | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Just... seeing what it'd be like to be a paleontologist... it's fun, yeah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Oh... you're not gonna do a magic trick, are ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] | /ә'said/ | n. 小声说的话, 旁白 | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the  | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upstairs\|upstairs]] | /'ʌp'stєәz/ | a. 楼上的 | n. the part of a building above the ground floor | 1 | 28 | 21 | *Enough said, I'm there for you man. Where is she, upstairs?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *I wish there was an easier way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossil]] | /'fɒsәl/ | n. 化石, 古物 | n. the remains (or an impression) of a plant or animal that existed in a past ge | 1 | 14 | 11 | *The data we are receiving from MRI scans and DNA testing of these fossils are - are staggering.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 1 | 34 | 19 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trash\|trash]] | /træʃ/ | n. 垃圾, 废物 | n. worthless people | 1 | 24 | 19 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cab\|cab]] | /kæb/ | n. 出租车, 出租汽车, 出租马车 | n. a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or locomotive where driver sits | 1 | 70 | 38 | *Ok. Oh good, I'm dating a Russian cab driver. . Seriously does anyone buy this? I smell like beets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jacket\|jacket]] | /'dʒækit/ | n. 夹克, 外套, 护套 | n. a short coat | 1 | 40 | 33 | *So, you know what, I really like those jackets with the shoulder pads on them. Where do you think th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoulder\|shoulder]] | /'ʃәuldә/ | n. 肩, 肩膀, 衣肩 | n. the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm | 1 | 15 | 11 | *So, you know what, I really like those jackets with the shoulder pads on them. Where do you think th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depend]] | /di'pend/ | vi. 靠, 视...而定, 信赖 | v. be contingent upon (something that is elided) | 1 | 11 | 11 | *You know that depends on what it is! I've done a lot of stuff.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tall\|tall]] | /tɒ:l/ | a. 高的, 长的, 夸大的 | n. a garment size for a tall person | 1 | 23 | 18 | *I don't know, you know, just the way she waltzed in here all smart, and tall! You know, and just swe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *It's just physical and I have it totally under control! Ok? It's just, when I see them together, som* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 59 | 24 | *Any chance Charlie has a deaf twin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 1 | 59 | 37 | *You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite!  Go to have a seat Zack, and I'l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#healthy\|healthy]] | /'helθi/ | a. 健康的, 有益健康的, 卫生的 | a. having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or dise | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] | /'ɒnist/ | a. 诚实的, 坦直的, 可靠的 | a. not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent | 1 | 29 | 26 | *Just be honest with her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 1 | 30 | 18 | *What!? But I already bought my ticket to Bermuda!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harder\|harder]] |  | a. 更难的；更努力的；更坚固的（hard的比较级） | a not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to accomplish or comprehen | 1 | 29 | 25 | *What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evident* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 1 | 87 | 38 | *Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wash\|wash]] | /wɒʃ/ | n. 洗, 洗涤, 冲洗, 洗的衣服, 冲积物, 洼地 | n. a thin coat of water-base paint | 1 | 22 | 20 | *Oh! I'm gonna go wash up first.  Thanks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncle\|uncle]] | /ʌŋkl/ | n. 叔父, 伯父, 姨丈 | n. the brother of your father or mother; the husband of your aunt | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Uhm... no. Although I did have an uncle who voted for Dukakis.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *We're just making conversation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delicious\|delicious]] | /di'liʃәs/ | a. 美味的 | n. variety of sweet eating apples | 1 | 26 | 18 | *Ravioli's delicious!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Oh! I'm sorry Rachel, I don't have time for your childish games, ok? I still have to go find somethi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whisper]] | /'hwispә/ | n. 耳语, 密谈, 谣传, 沙沙声 | n. speaking softly without vibration of the vocal cords | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Rachel... I heard you guys whispering.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *Alright, then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my pla* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Wow, you look unbelievable.* |

### 低频词（97）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] | /spә:m/ | n. 精液, 精虫, 鲸油, 抹香鲸 | n. the male reproductive cell; the male gamete | 10 | 23 | 9 | *Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they * |
| zack | /zæk/ | n. [澳]六便士之硬币 |  | 10 | 10 | 1 | *Hey! Look I brought a friend for dinner, this is Zack, from work!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#keynote\|keynote]] | /'ki:nәut/ | n. 主调音, 基音, 基调 | n. the principal theme in a speech or literary work | 4 | 7 | 2 | *Guess who's up for keynote speaker at the National Paleontology Conference?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]] | /'spi:kә/ | n. 说话人, 讲演者, 发言人, 喇叭, 扬声器 | n. someone who expresses in language; someone who talks (especially someone who  | 4 | 10 | 6 | *Guess who's up for keynote speaker at the National Paleontology Conference?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slutty\|slutty]] | /slʌtɪ/ | a. 淫荡的 |  | 3 | 15 | 9 | *Ok, you're gonna come back with some very classy clothes... ... and some slutty lingerie, SLUTTY!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sherman\|sherman]] | /'ʃә:mәn/ | n. 谢尔曼（男子名） | n. United States general who was commander of all Union troops in the West; he c | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Professor Sherman, yeah. I've a meeting with him today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beet\|beet]] | /bi:t/ | n. 甜菜(根) | n. biennial Eurasian plant usually having a swollen edible root; widely cultivat | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Ok. Oh good, I'm dating a Russian cab driver. . Seriously does anyone buy this? I smell like beets!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lingerie\|lingerie]] | /,lænʒә'ri:, 'læn-/ | n. 女式内衣 | n. women's underwear and nightclothes | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Ok, you're gonna come back with some very classy clothes... ... and some slutty lingerie, SLUTTY!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inhospitable\|inhospitable]] | /in'hɒspitәbl/ | a. 冷淡的, 不适于居住的, 不相容的 | a. unfavorable to life or growth | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, I so can't believe this! My uterus is an inhospitable environment? I was trying so hard to be a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barbados\|barbados]] | /bɑ:'beidәus/ | n. 巴巴多斯(岛) | n. a parliamentary democracy on the island of Barbados; former British colony; a | 2 | 13 | 6 | *It's in Barbados.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surrogacy\|surrogacy]] | /ˈsʌrəgəsi/ | n. 代孕 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Well... there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] | /ә'dɒpʃәn/ | n. 采用, 采纳, 收养 | n. the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception | 2 | 22 | 6 | *Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donor\|donor]] | /'dәunә/ | n. 捐赠人 | n. person who makes a gift of property | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ravioli\|ravioli]] | /rɑvi'әjli/ | n. 肉馅小方包子 | n. small circular or square cases of dough with savory fillings | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Ravioli's delicious!* |
| cosmo | /'kɔzmәj/ | n. 科兹摩（男子名）；（美）[俚]都市性 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *From... Cosmo??* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climax\|climax]] | /'klaimæks/ | n. 高潮, 极点, 层进法 | n. the highest point of anything conceived of as growing or developing or unfold | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, yeah... It's... "climax your way to better skin".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#labour\|labour]] | /'leibә/ | n. 劳动, 努力, 工作, 劳工, 分娩 | n a social class comprising those who do manual labor or work for wages | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#classy\|classy]] | /'klɑ:si/ | a. 上等的, 优等的, 漂亮的 | s. elegant and fashionable | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Ok, you're gonna come back with some very classy clothes... ... and some slutty lingerie, SLUTTY!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fabulous\|fabulous]] | /'fæbjulәs/ | a. 传说的, 寓言般的, 难以置信的 | s. extremely pleasing | 1 | 6 | 5 | *And you're gonna want him to eat his heart out so you're gonna have to look fabulous!* |
| aaargh |  | [网络] 啊啊啊 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I didn't even think about that!  Aaargh, sexual politics!!* |
| hurtin |  | [网络] 胡尔丁 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Why would you ruin it, who was that hurtin'?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fortunately\|fortunately]] | /'fɒitʃәnitli/ | adv. 幸运地, 幸亏 | r. by good fortune | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Wow! Fortunately she has a very pretty face!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hostess\|hostess]] | /'hәustis/ | n. 女主人, 女房东, 女老板 | n. a woman host | 1 | 6 | 2 | *Oh, I so can't believe this! My uterus is an inhospitable environment? I was trying so hard to be a * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#motility\|motility]] | /mәu'tiliti/ | n. 运动性, 自动力 | n. ability to move spontaneously and independently | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tune\|tune]] | /tju:n/ | n. 歌曲, 主旋律, 心情, 声调, 和谐, 一致, 语调, 程度 | n. a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Don't worry, after a while he'll tune it out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#connelly\|connelly]] |  | 康奈利 |  | 1 | 5 | 2 | *Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child* |
| umh |  | [网络] 健康协会；Universidad Miguel Hernàndez；钻井技术 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Umh... Kurts Baley?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baley\|baley]] |  | n. (Baley)人名；(英)巴利；(法)巴莱 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Umh... Kurts Baley?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#submission\|submission]] | /sәb'miʃәn/ | n. 屈服, 服从, 谦恭, 呈递, 提交, 意见 | n. something (manuscripts or architectural plans and models or estimates or work | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, right! What was last time he met a submission deadline for an abstract  Well, why are you laug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deadline\|deadline]] | /'dedlain/ | n. 最后期限, 截止期限 | n. the point in time at which something must be completed | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, right! What was last time he met a submission deadline for an abstract  Well, why are you laug* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dazzle\|dazzle]] | /'dæzl/ | v. (使)眼花, 炫耀 | n. brightness enough to blind partially and temporarily | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, well... I think I know how to dazzle him.* |
| tsz |  | [网络] 探索者；慈；止芷紫致字祠慈梓 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Tsz... NO! .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convention\|convention]] | /kәn'venʃәn/ | n. 大会, 协定, 惯例, 约定 | n. a large formal assembly | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Wait a minute, you guys. Oh, I wanna ask you something. I-I I may get to speak at this paleontology * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#safely\|safely]] | /'seifli/ | adv. 安全地, 确实地 | r. with safety; in a safe manner | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are sick.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fertility\|fertility]] | /fә'tiliti/ | n. 肥沃, 丰饶, 生产力 | n. the state of being fertile; capable of producing offspring | 1 | 4 | 4 | *All right, so. How did it go at the fertility clinic?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clinic\|clinic]] | /'klinik/ | n. 诊所, 临床教学 | n. a medical establishment run by a group of medical specialists | 1 | 10 | 4 | *All right, so. How did it go at the fertility clinic?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surrogate\|surrogate]] | /'sʌrәgit/ | n. 替代者, 代用品 | n. someone who takes the place of another person | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Well... there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insemination\|insemination]] | /in.semi'neiʃәn/ | n. 播种, 受胎, 授精 | n. the act of sowing (of seeds in the ground or, figuratively, of germs in the b | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.* |
| mri |  | abbr. 核磁共振成像（Magnatic Resonance Imaging）；机读信息（Machine Readab | n the use of nuclear magnetic resonance of protons to produce proton density ima | 1 | 2 | 2 | *The data we are receiving from MRI scans and DNA testing of these fossils are - are staggering.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scan\|scan]] | /skæn/ | n. 审视, 浏览, 扫描, 细查 | n. the act of scanning; systematic examination of a prescribed region | 1 | 4 | 3 | *The data we are receiving from MRI scans and DNA testing of these fossils are - are staggering.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dna\|dna]] |  | 脱氧核糖核酸 | n (biochemistry) a long linear polymer found in the nucleus of a cell and formed | 1 | 3 | 3 | *The data we are receiving from MRI scans and DNA testing of these fossils are - are staggering.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stagger\|stagger]] | /'stægә/ | n. 蹒跚, 踌躇 | v. walk as if unable to control one's movements | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The data we are receiving from MRI scans and DNA testing of these fossils are - are staggering.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#leakey\|leakey]] | /'li:ki:/ | n. 李基（姓氏） | n. English paleontologist (son of Louis Leakey and Mary Leakey) who continued th | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assumption\|assumption]] | /ә'sʌmpʃәn/ | n. 假定, 自负, 担任, 假装 | n. a hypothesis that is taken for granted | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repercussion\|repercussion]] | /.ri:pә'kʌʃәn/ | n. 弹回, 反响, 反射 | n. a remote or indirect consequence of some action | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#palaeontology\|palaeontology]] | /,pæliɔn'tɔlәdʒi/ | n. 古生物学 | n the earth science that studies fossil organisms and related remains | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evolutionary\|evolutionary]] | /,i:vә'lu:ʃәnәri/ | a. 展开的, 进化论的, 进化的, 发展的 | a. of or relating to or produced by evolution | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#biology\|biology]] | /bai'ɒlәdʒi/ | n. 生物学 | n. the science that studies living organisms | 1 | 4 | 2 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#genetics\|genetics]] | /dʒi'netiks/ | n. 遗传学 | n. the branch of biology that studies heredity and variation in organisms | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geology\|geology]] | /dʒi'ɒlәdʒi/ | n. 地质学, 地质情况 | n. a science that deals with the history of the earth as recorded in rocks | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#truly\|truly]] | /'tru:li/ | adv. 真实地, 不假 | r. in accordance with truth or fact or reality | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boggle\|boggle]] | /'bɒgl/ | vi. 犹豫, 踌躇, 吃惊, 搪塞 | v. startle with amazement or fear | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousan* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pad\|pad]] | /pæd/ | n. 填补, 衬垫, 印色盒, 路 | n. a number of sheets of paper fastened together along one edge | 1 | 12 | 7 | *So, you know what, I really like those jackets with the shoulder pads on them. Where do you think th* |
| melanie | /'melәni/ | n. 梅勒妮（女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 2 | *On Melanie Griffith in "Working girl". I think what you want is over here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#griffith\|griffith]] | /'^rifiθ/ | n. 格里菲思（女子名, Griffin的异体） | n. United States film maker who was the first to use flashbacks and fade-outs (1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | *On Melanie Griffith in "Working girl". I think what you want is over here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#talkie\|talkie]] | /'tɒ:ki/ | n. 有声电影 | n a movie with synchronized speech and singing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah! I'm a big fan! Of the movies, you know. Motion pictures. The Talkies!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vibe\|vibe]] | /vaɪb/ | n. 感应 | n a distinctive emotional aura experienced instinctively | 1 | 6 | 5 | *She's ok, I just don't get a really good vibe from her!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waltz\|waltz]] | /wɒ:lts/ | n. 华尔兹舞, 圆舞曲 | n. music composed in triple time for waltzing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I don't know, you know, just the way she waltzed in here all smart, and tall! You know, and just swe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweep\|sweep]] | /swi:p/ | n. 扫除, 打扫, 肃清, 视野, 范围, 全胜 | n. a wide scope | 1 | 12 | 7 | *I don't know, you know, just the way she waltzed in here all smart, and tall! You know, and just swe* |
| shhhhh |  | [网络] 嘘；违反规定 |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Shhhhh! Phoebe! All right, look. I have a little thing for him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ironic\|ironic]] | /aiә'rɔnik/ | a. 冷嘲的, 挖苦的, 反话的, 讽刺的, 令人啼笑皆非的, 出乎意料的 | s. characterized by often poignant difference or incongruity between what is exp | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Uh, wow! Isn't it ironic that he liked you and now you like him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deaf\|deaf]] | /def/ | a. 聋的 | n. people who have severe hearing impairments | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Any chance Charlie has a deaf twin?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#polite\|polite]] | /pә'lait/ | a. 有礼貌的, 文雅的, 客气的, 有教养的 | a. showing regard for others in manners, speech, behavior, etc. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite!  Go to have a seat Zack, and I'l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intelligent\|intelligent]] | /in'telidʒәnt/ | a. 聪明的, 智能的, 了解的 | a. having the capacity for thought and reason especially to a high degree | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#athletic\|athletic]] | /æθ'letik/ | a. 运动的 | a. relating to or befitting athletics or athletes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coaster\|coaster]] | /'kәustә/ | n. 沿海航行者/贸易者, 沿海航船, 带轮银盘, 杯托, (酒瓶)垫子 | n. a resident of a coastal area | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Thanks! Do you have a coaster? I don't wanna make a ring.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bermuda\|bermuda]] | /bә'mju:dә/ | n. 百慕大岛 | n. a group of islands in the Atlantic off the Carolina coast; British colony; a  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *What!? But I already bought my ticket to Bermuda!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evidently\|evidently]] | /'evidәntli/ | adv. 明显地, 根据现有证据来看 | r unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 3 | 2 | *What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evident* |
| fran | /fræn/ | n. 弗兰（Frances的昵称, 女子名） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evident* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spank\|spank]] | /spæŋk/ | vt. 打, 拍击, 飞跑 | n. a slap with the flat of the hand | 1 | 4 | 4 | *What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evident* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#producer\|producer]] | /prә'dju:sә/ | n. 生产者, 制作者, 制作人 | n. someone who finds financing for and supervises the making and presentation of | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shakespeare\|shakespeare]] | /'ʃeik.spiә/ | n. 莎士比亚 | n. English poet and dramatist considered one of the greatest English writers (15 | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#enthusiastic\|enthusiastic]] | /in.θju:zi'æstik/ | a. 狂热的, 热心的, 热烈的 | a. having or showing great excitement and interest | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, there's enthusiastic and there's just plain gay!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plain\|plain]] | /plein/ | n. 平原, 草原, 朴实无华的东西, 无格式 | n. extensive tract of level open land | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Ok, there's enthusiastic and there's just plain gay!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#illness\|illness]] | /'ilnis/ | n. 疾病, 恶意 | n. impairment of normal physiological function affecting part or all of an organ | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy... do you have a history of mental ill* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dukakis\|dukakis]] |  | n. (Dukakis)人名；(英)杜卡基斯 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uhm... no. Although I did have an uncle who voted for Dukakis.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relative\|relative]] | /'relәtiv/ | n. 亲戚, 关系词 | n. a person related by blood or marriage | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Oh, friends first, drunk in London, you know the story. I've got a better question for you: Do you o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diabetes\|diabetes]] | /daiә'bi:ti:z/ | n. 糖尿病, 多尿症 | n. a polygenic disease characterized by abnormally high glucose levels in the bl | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, friends first, drunk in London, you know the story. I've got a better question for you: Do you o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alzheimers\|alzheimers]] |  | (Alzheimer 的复数) n. 阿尔茨海默病（等于Alzheimer’s disease） | plural of Alzheimer | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Eh... Heart Disease, Alzheimers, gout?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gout\|gout]] | /gaut/ | n. 味, 趣味, 嗜好, 痛风, 麦秆病, 一滴, 一团 | n. a painful inflammation of the big toe and foot caused by defects in uric acid | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Eh... Heart Disease, Alzheimers, gout?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#baldness\|baldness]] | /'bɒ:ldnis/ | n. 光秃, 率直, 枯燥 | n. the condition of having no hair on the top of the head | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You know what's not funny? Male Pattern Baldness* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flatter\|flatter]] | /'flætә/ | vt. 奉承, 阿谀, 使高兴 | v. praise somewhat dishonestly | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Ok listen, you guys have shown a lot of interest in me tonight and I'm flattered and... and quite fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frankly\|frankly]] | /'fræŋkli/ | adv. 坦白地 | r (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the cas | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ok listen, you guys have shown a lot of interest in me tonight and I'm flattered and... and quite fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frighten\|frighten]] | /'fraitn/ | vt. 使惊吓 | v. cause fear in | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Ok listen, you guys have shown a lot of interest in me tonight and I'm flattered and... and quite fr* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brace\|brace]] | /breis/ | n. 支柱, 曲柄, 支撑, 一对 | n. a support that steadies or strengthens something else | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a chi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#childish\|childish]] | /'tʃaildiʃ/ | a. 天真的, 孩子气的 | s. indicating a lack of maturity | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Oh! I'm sorry Rachel, I don't have time for your childish games, ok? I still have to go find somethi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dres\|dres]] |  | n. 服饰业 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh! Wi... in the dres... in the dressing room!? Well, that's so weird! Phoebe and I were just trying* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nympho\|nympho]] | /'nimfәu/ | n. 慕男狂；花痴（等于nymphomania） | n a woman with abnormal sexual desires | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah! That's Phoebe. That's Phoebe. You know, she just wants them all! It's like she's a nympho!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hotness\|hotness]] | /'hɒtnis/ | n. 暑热, 热烈, 热心 | n. the presence of heat | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow! You look... ... stop-eating hot! Which is like the highest level of hotness!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dread\|dread]] | /dred/ | n. 恐惧, 可怕的人(或事) | n fearful expectation or anticipation | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Are you sure? Because I'm really dreading going to this party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afterward\|afterward]] | /'ɑ:ftәwәd/ | adv. 然后, 后来 | r happening at a time subsequent to a reference time | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Alright, then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my pla* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minsk\|minsk]] | /minsk/ | n. 明斯克（白俄罗斯首都） | n. the capital of Belarus and of the Commonwealth of Independent States | 1 | 27 | 5 | *Well, I'm back from Minsk... permanently.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#permanently\|permanently]] | /'p\\:mәntli/ | adv. 永久, 不变, 持久 | r. for a long time without essential change | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I'm back from Minsk... permanently.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#achieve\|achieve]] | /ә'tʃi:v/ | vt. 完成, 达到 | v. to gain with effort | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Well, remember how I was trying to achieve the positronic distillation of subatomic particles?* |
| positronic |  | [网络] 美商宝西；正电子；宝西公司 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, remember how I was trying to achieve the positronic distillation of subatomic particles?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#distillation\|distillation]] | /.disti'leiʃәn/ | n. 蒸馏 | n. the process of purifying a liquid by boiling it and condensing its vapors | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, remember how I was trying to achieve the positronic distillation of subatomic particles?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subatomic\|subatomic]] | /'sʌbә'tɔmik/ | a. 逊原子的, 原子内的, 比原子更小的 | a. of or relating to constituents of the atom or forces within the atom | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, remember how I was trying to achieve the positronic distillation of subatomic particles?* |
