---
season: 9
episode: "21"
title: "Friends - The one with the fertility test"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E21 — Friends - The one with the fertility test

Friends 921 - The one with the fertility test

**Teleplay:** Robert Carlock

**Story:** Scott Silveri Directed by: Gary Halvorson


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Monica:** It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night? I thought you'd end up kissing Charlie.

**Ross:** Hey, I thought I'd end up kissing Charlie too ok? But SURPRISE!

**Chandler:** I missed most of the party *(pause)* Charlie's a girl, right?

**Ross:** Yes, she is this new professor of my department that I did not kiss.

**Rachel:** I don't know why Joey had to kiss her! I mean, of all the girls at the party, GOD!

**Ross:** Why do you care so much?

**Monica:** Yes Rachel, why do you care so much?

**Rachel:** *(worried)* Be-cause Ross is the father of my child! You know... and I... want him to [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] up with lots of women! *(pause)* I just... All I'm saying is... I don't think that Joey and Charlie have anything in common.

**Ross:** Oh, I don't know, they seem to have a shared interest in each other's [[Friends-词汇总表#tonsil\|tonsils]]...

**Phoebe:** Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] if they had kids and if the kids got her [[Friends-词汇总表#intelligence\|intelligence]] and Joey's [[Friends-词汇总表#raw\|raw]] sexual [[Friends-词汇总表#magnetism\|magnetism]]... Oh, those [[Friends-词汇总表#nerd\|nerds]] will get laaaaaid!

**Rachel:** All right, so... Ross, you're ok with all this? I mean...

**Ross:** Yeah, it's no big deal. I mean, I just met her and I'm fine with it...

*(Joey and Charlie enter. Ross looks at her)*

**Ross:** Oh, God. I forgot how hot she was!

**Joey:** Hey!

**All:** Hi!

**Ross:** I'm gonna get some more coffee.

**Charlie:** Oh, you know what? I'll come with you!

**Ross:** Ok. *(they both go)*

**Chandler:** *(to Joey)* So, a professor, uh?

**Joey:** Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally [[Friends-词汇总表#acrimonious\|acrimonious]]

*(which, being Joey, he mispronounces "amonious"). (pause) That's not how she used it...?*

**Charlie:** *(talking to Ross)* I feel like I [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] you an [[Friends-词汇总表#explanation\|explanation]]. I don't [[Friends-词汇总表#ordinarily\|ordinarily]] go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... well, I'm kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]]. I really hope you don't think less of me.

**Ross:** Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean, you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people.

**Charlie:** You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean, Joey is so different from the guys I usually date. I mean, they're all professors, and [[Friends-词汇总表#intellectual\|intellectuals]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologists]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]], you know, very [[Friends-词汇总表#cerebral\|cerebral]]...

**Ross:** Yeah, I know the type.

**Joey:** Hey, if you wanna grab a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] before work we'd better get [[Friends-词汇总表#acrimonious\|acrimonious]]. No? Am I getting close?


---

**Opening credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment

**Phoebe:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey you guys! Look what I just got. *(she shows them a pair of slippers)*

**Rachel:** Oh, OH! Wow, I love those! Where did you get them?

**Phoebe:** I bought them off Ebay! They used to [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] to the late Shania Twain.

**Rachel:** *(after a pause)* Phoebe, Shania Twain is still [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh... then I [[Friends-词汇总表#overpay\|overpaid]]. *(she goes to the bathroom)*

**Monica:** Hey, what's this?

**Rachel:** Oh, it's a gift certificate to this new SPA in SOHO.

**Monica:** Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] chains.

**Rachel:** Ah, why, now I can't get a [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]]? There are so many things that she [[Friends-词汇总表#disapprove\|disapproves]] of! I can't eat [[Friends-词汇总表#veal\|veal]], I can't wear [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]], I can't go [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunting]]...

**Monica:** Do you wanna go [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunting]]?

**Rachel:** Well, I would like to have the option!!

**Phoebe:** *(coming back from the bathroom)* What's up? *(she sees the gift certificate in Rachel's hands)* Hey, Rachel!!

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Phoebe:** No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] places"! They're putting people like me out of business!

**Monica:** And she wants to go [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunting]], too!!

**Rachel:** Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing away a hundred [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]!

**Phoebe:** Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's about corporate [[Friends-词汇总表#greed\|greed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#destroy\|destroying]] our hearts and leaving us... the [[Friends-词汇总表#hollow\|hollow]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shell\|shells]].

**Rachel:** I don't care about any of that!!

**Phoebe:** Well, do you care about [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]]?

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Phoebe:** I feel really [[Friends-词汇总表#strongly\|strongly]] about this, Rachel. Please, don't use this gift certificate. I'm asking you as a friend.

**Rachel:** Oh, not as a friend, Phoebe!! Fine, I won't use it!

**Phoebe:** Promise?

**Rachel:** I promise.

**Phoebe:** Thank you. *(she tears up the gift certificate)*

**Rachel:** But I am going [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunting]]!!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment

**Monica:** *(entering)* Hey honey! I missed you today!

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah?

**Monica:** Yeah. *(they kiss)* What d'you wanna do tonight?

**Chandler:** Oh, well... Maybe we could... *(he sweeps the stuff off the table and wordlessly invites Monica to have sex on it)*

**Monica:** Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your [[Friends-词汇总表#audience\|audience]]! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those [[Friends-词汇总表#fertility\|fertility]] tests and until then you need to keep your [[Friends-词汇总表#tadpole\|tadpoles]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]].

**Chandler:** We really need to take those tests?

**Monica:** Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think it's a good idea to find out if everything's ok. Just a few [[Friends-词汇总表#routine\|routine]] tests.

**Chandler:** But I don't wanna do it in a cup!

**Monica:** What is the big deal?

**Chandler:** It's weird! In a doctor's office?

**Monica:** It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?

**Chandler:** *(embarrassed)* I cannot believe Ross told you that! *(pause)* And in my defense, it was a Wendy's!

**Monica:** Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think it's a good idea!

**Chandler:** Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] than on a class trip to the Hershey's [[Friends-词汇总表#factory\|factory]]!

**Monica:** *(really embarrassed)* OH!

**Chandler:** Oh, yeah! RACHEL TALKS TOO!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment

**Joey:** *(sipping red wine from a glass)* Who says that wine has to cost more than [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]]!

*(somebody knocks the door, Joey opens and it's Charlie)*

**Joey:** Heeey!

**Charlie:** Hi!

**Joey:** Come on in, how are ya?

**Charlie:** I'm good!

**Joey:** Can I offer you a drink?

**Charlie:** Please, I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#craze\|crazed]] all day! I had a meeting with the Dean, and my [[Friends-词汇总表#syllabus\|syllabus]] for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword for a friend's book...

**Joey:** Uh-oh. I [[Friends-词汇总表#hade\|hade]] a pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#hectic\|hectic]] day at work too, today I had to open a door and go *(looking scared)* ohhhh!

**Charlie:** So I am just so excited to be here. And I can't wait to start [[Friends-词汇总表#explore\|exploring]] the city!

**Joey:** Hey, if you need a tour guide... *(point to himself)*

**Charlie:** Oh, you mean it? That would be so fun!

**Joey:** Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first?

**Charlie:** Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher Hall.

**Joey:** *(looking puzzled and nodding)* Ok!

**Charlie:** And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display at the public library.

**Joey:** I know, yeah!

**Charlie:** And first, I have to see the MET!

**Joey:** Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna see the Yankees.

**Charlie:** No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, [[Friends-词汇总表#singular\|singular]]!

**Joey:** Which one, they all suck!

**Charlie:** The museum!

**Joey:** *(looking puzzled)* I don't think so.


> [!scene] Scene: SPA massage center, Rachel enters

**Rachel:** *(to the receptionist)* Hi there!

**Receptionist:** *(in an affected tone)* Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa SPA. How may I help you?

**Rachel:** Oh, hi. I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] under Rachel Green, and here is my gift certificate.

**Receptionist:** This has been [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|torn]] up.

**Rachel:** And... [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|taped]] back together.

**Receptionist:** Ok well, I'll call you as soon as your [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] [[Friends-词汇总表#therapist\|therapist]] is ready.

**Rachel:** Ok

**Receptionist:** Have a seat through the glass doors.

**Rachel:** *(imitating the receptionist's tone)* through the glass doors.

**Receptionist:** Through the glass doors.

**Rachel:** Alright-y then.

*(Phoebe enters the hall)*

**Receptionist:** Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room.

**Phoebe:** Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? *(She sees Rachel)* Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone who can fill in for me?

**Receptionist:** Sorry, everyone is booked!

**Phoebe:** But that woman can't know I work here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] about how [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] chains are.

**Receptionist:** Then why you work here?

**Phoebe:** 'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that this is an [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] blood sucking corporate machine!

**Receptionist:** Well, I think this is a great place to work!

**Phoebe:** *(watching around and whispering)* Ok, are they listening?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

*(Joey walks in and moves towards Ross, who's sitting of the sofa)*

**Joey:** Ross!

**Ross:** Hi!

**Joey:** I need to talk to you about Charlie.

**Ross:** *(annoyed)* Oh, do you, do you really?

**Joey:** Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem.

**Ross:** Look, if you don't know what the word "[[Friends-词汇总表#acrimonious\|acrimonious]]" means, just don't use it!

**Joey:** No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her body is soo...

**Ross:** Get to the problem!

**Joey:** Yes. It's just that she's so much [[Friends-词汇总表#smarter\|smarter]] than all the girls I've ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid!

**Ross:** *(looking down)* Are you wearing two [[Friends-词汇总表#belt\|belts]]?

**Joey:** *(checking)* EH, what do you know!

**Ross:** You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid.

**Joey:** Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!

**Ross:** You know, I really don't want to get [[Friends-词汇总表#involve\|involved]] in you guy's relationship.

**Joey:** Please, c'mon, you're the [[Friends-词汇总表#smartest\|smartest]] person I know and I really like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her.

**Ross:** *(after a short hesitation)* Fine.

**Joey:** Thanks.

**Ross:** Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET!

**Joey:** The Metsss!

**Ross:** Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art.

**Joey:** *(realizing)* Oh, that's what she meant! *(pause)* You know, if they're gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#shorten\|shorten]] it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum, and avoid all the [[Friends-词汇总表#confusion\|confusion]]!

**Ross:** Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confused]] [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] baseball fans!

**Joey:** Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET.

**Ross:** Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great [[Friends-词汇总表#rare\|rare]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bookstore\|bookstore]] on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture, you know what you should do? You should take a walk down [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] to the Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little [[Friends-词汇总表#pastry\|pastry]] shop that she'd love.

**Joey:** Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date!

**Ross:** But I'm not! *(pause)*. You know what if you're in the [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] for Thai food...

**Joey:** Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok?

**Ross:** Ok.

**Joey:** You got to tell me exactly what to do there.

**Ross:** Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the [[Friends-词汇总表#antiquity\|antiquities]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|wing]]. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire.

**Joey:** Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make the right *(and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the right and Joey nods)*


> [!scene] Scene: doctor's waiting room

**Chandler:** I have a weird [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] about this place. *(pause)* How do I know that they are not gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#secretly\|secretly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#videotape\|videotape]] me and put it all over the internet.

**Monica:** Because, honey, I mean this in the [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetest\|sweetest]] way possible, nobody is gonna wanna watch that.

*(a nurse walks in)*

**Nurse:** Mr. Bing? *(Chandler jumps up)* Here you are! You'll go into that room and [[Friends-词汇总表#deposit\|deposit]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#specimen\|specimen]] into the [[Friends-词汇总表#container\|container]].

**Chandler:** Deposit my [[Friends-词汇总表#specimen\|specimen]]? You know, usually I have to call a  900 number for that kind of talk. Thanks, got it.

**Monica:** Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going to be ok?

**Chandler:** Yeah, I guess!

**Monica:** I know this is [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassing]], but nobody cares! No one here even knows you!

**Janice:** OH MY GOD!!

**Chandler:** Oh, Come on!


---

**Commercial Break**

**Janice:** Ah ahahahhahaa! How great is this!

**Monica:** Hey, we're probably [[Friends-词汇总表#fertile\|fertile]], let's go home!

**Chandler:** Why are you here?

**Janice:** Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] last time because apparently we...

**Chandler:** *(to Heaven)* No no no... I mean, why? why is she here??

**Janice:** Oh! Someone's a little [[Friends-词汇总表#cranky\|cranky]] today cuz they have to do it in a cup! *(laughs)* Oh! They gave you the [[Friends-词汇总表#kiddy\|kiddy]] size *(looking at the cup in his hand)*.

**Chandler:** What!?

*(Janice does her "Janice Laugh")*

**Monica:** This was fun! But I've got an [[Friends-词汇总表#invasive\|invasive]] [[Friends-词汇总表#vaginal\|vaginal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exam]] to get to!

*(leaves)*

**Chandler:** I'd love to stay, but I have eh... *(points at the cup)* got a hot date... *(starts to leave)*

**Janice:** Please... go! *(Then shouts after him)* Just let me know if you need a hand!

**Chandler:** *(disgusted)* I think it just [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] off. *(Leaves)*


> [!scene] Scene: At the Spa, Phoebe is at the half-opened door

**Phoebe:** *(In a strange heavy accent)* Hello "ja", it's time for your [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]], ja! Put your face in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]].

**Rachel:** Wow, a Swedish [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] from a real Swedish person. *(Puts her head in the hole and Phoebe enters)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, then I'm Swedish...

**Monica:** So, what's your name?

**Phoebe:** It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea...

**Rachel:** Oh... what an interesting name.

**Phoebe:** Ja!

**Rachel:** You know I... *(lifts her head and tries to look in Phoebe's direction)*

**Phoebe:** *(pushes her head back down)* Time for your [[Friends-词汇总表#scalp\|scalp]] [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]]!

**Rachel:** *(Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole)* Wow... I really love your... *(startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers)*

**Phoebe:** Is something wrong?

**Rachel:** No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... *(pause)* Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden?

**Phoebe:** *(Thinks for a few moments)* Uhm... Stockholm.

**Rachel:** Damn! I wish I knew if that was right!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's apartment, Joey and Ross in the living room, rehearsing what Joey will say to Charlie in the Museum

**Joey:** *(gesturing at an imaginary painting)* Note the [[Friends-词汇总表#painterly\|painterly]] lines and [[Friends-词汇总表#subtle\|subtle]] [[Friends-词汇总表#impasto\|impasto]] on this [[Friends-词汇总表#canvas\|canvas]]. Monet [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|painted]] quickly and usually [[Friends-词汇总表#outdoors\|outdoors]] as his [[Friends-词汇总表#elusive\|elusive]] subject was light itself.

**Ross:** Now, do you have any idea what you just said?

**Joey:** *(shaking his head as if to say: of course not!)* No, no, my [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] says the words, my brain is thinking [[Friends-词汇总表#monster\|monster]] trucks!

**Ross:** Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spelt]] M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out [[Friends-词汇总表#phonetically\|phonetically]] for you.

**Joey:** Phonetically? *(Looks confused)*

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time for this.

**Joey:** Ok.

**Ross:** Ok, but you know what? I gotta say, I'm really [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impressed]] that you were able to [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorize]] all this so quickly!

**Joey:** Ah! I'm an actor! I can [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorize]] anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal [[Friends-词汇总表#temporal\|temporal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#zygomatic\|zygomatic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#craniotomy\|craniotomy]]".

**Ross:** Wow. What does that mean?

**Joey:** No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear".

**Ross:** Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance?

**Joey:** Ok, Caravaggio uses [[Friends-词汇总表#chiaroscuro\|chiaroscuro]] here to [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlight]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#anguish\|anguish]] of the central figure. Touch it, it's really [[Friends-词汇总表#bumpy\|bumpy]]! *(Reaches out to touch the imaginary painting)*.

**Ross:** Nah ah! Nah ah! *(stops him form doing so)* No no no! No ad-libbing and dude, you can't touch the [[Friends-词汇总表#painting\|paintings]].

**Joey:** Come on! you... *(reaches out to touch the imaginary painting again)*

**Ross:** No! *(Slaps his hand)*


> [!scene] Scene: The Fertility Clinic; Chandler walks out one of the rooms

**Chandler:** *(To the nurse at the nurses' station)* My [[Friends-词汇总表#specimen\|specimen]] is in the room and I just want to thank [[Friends-词汇总表#whoever\|whoever]] [[Friends-词汇总表#knock\|knocked]] on the door while I was in there. Really helped speed the process along! *(walks towards the common area and sees Janice is still there)* Janice! You're not... gone?

**Janice:** Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your [[Friends-词汇总表#deposit\|deposit]]?

**Chandler:** Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over!

**Janice:** That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes next, I mean aren't you worried about the results?

**Chandler:** I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet... I just [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assumed]] that everything was gonna be ok.

**Janice:** Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is.

**Chandler:** *(Slightly panicky)* Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there is a reason why we can't have a baby?

**Janice:** Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children. I am sure it's gonna be just fine.

**Chandler:** *(smiling again)* oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to... come here and do... 'that'...

**Janice:** What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you can't do it at a doctor's office?

**Chandler:** *(stares at her intently, then yells)* It was a "Wendy's!! "


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe and Rachel at the Spa. Phoebe is still massaging Rachel

**Phoebe:** *(Singing)* "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! *(looks annoyed)*

**Rachel:** Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have a friend who is a [[Friends-词汇总表#masseuse\|masseuse]].

**Phoebe:** Oh, Ja! Ja!

**Rachel:** Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... *(Phoebe looks devastated)*

**Phoebe:** Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is?

**Rachel:** I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy [[Friends-词汇总表#finger\|fingers]] from playing [[Friends-词汇总表#crummy\|crummy]] guitar...

**Phoebe:** Or... maybe she has [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] [[Friends-词汇总表#loosen\|loosening]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#knot\|knots]] because you're such a high maintenance [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] ass!

**Rachel:** *(now lifts her head)* Phoebe!!

**Phoebe:** You know it's me?

**Rachel:** For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden!

**Phoebe:** How can you come here?

**Rachel:** How could you not tell me you worked here?

**Phoebe:** I don't have to tell you everything!

**Rachel:** Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] for getting a free [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]]!

**Phoebe:** Tips not included.

**Rachel:** Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here?

**Phoebe:** Because I was [[Friends-词汇总表#ashamed\|ashamed]] ok? I sold out for the cash! And then they give me benefits like medical, and [[Friends-词汇总表#dental\|dental]], and a 401K. But you know... you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate [[Friends-词汇总表#stooge\|stooge]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punching]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] and Ugh! paying taxes!

**Rachel:** Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there right now and [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have [[Friends-词汇总表#principle\|principles]] and I so [[Friends-词汇总表#admire\|admire]] that! I don't have any!

**Phoebe:** You know what? You are right. I am gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]]. It's time I took my life back!

**Rachel:** Good for you Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** Ok.

**Phoebe:** Okay *(walks out and closes the door behind her, looks up and whispers)* If you guys have [[Friends-词汇总表#microphone\|microphones]] in there too, I didn't mean any of that. I love you.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Ross is playing some shoot'em up game on his laptop

**Ross:** Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die!

*(Charlie walks in.)*

**Ross:** *(recovers his composure and starts typing)* Respectfully, professor R. Geller. *(hits <return>, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the sofa)* Hey!

**Charlie:** Hi!

**Ross:** Hey, how was the Met?

**Charlie:** The museum was amazing!

**Ross:** Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh?

**Charlie:** Not so much, no. He had clearly [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorized]] all the stuff to say, and some of it didn't even make any sense.

**Ross:** What do you mean?

**Charlie:** Well, for one, he was talking about [[Friends-词汇总表#painting\|paintings]] that were [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] around.

**Ross:** *(perplexed for a moment)* Wait a minute... when you guys walked into the Met, did you go to the right?

**Charlie:** No, we went to the left.

**Ross:** *(shaking head)* Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like you guys are having a great time together.

**Charlie:** Yeah, it's fun *(hesitating)*.

**Ross:** What?

**Charlie:** Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really know me that well; it would be weird.

**Ross:** What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on.

**Charlie:** Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common with. You know what I mean?

**Ross:** *(slowly)* Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else.

**Charlie:** Yeah, I guess that's true.

**Ross:** And if you think about it, I mean the reason he [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorized]] all that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You know, that's the kind of guy Joey is.

**Charlie:** He is very sweet. Plus he's hot!

**Ross:** That was going to be my next argument.

*(Joey walks in)*

**Joey:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Charlie:** Hey!

**Joey:** *(to Charlie)* You're ready?

**Charlie:** Yeah, let's go. *(stands up and kisses Joey)* *(to Ross)* Thanks Ross.

**Joey:** *(aside, to Ross)* Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hooked]] me up.

**Ross:** Glad I could help man.

**Joey:** Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna be, but... *(confidently)* I made it work.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Chandler is sitting on the sofa, reading the newspaper.

**Chandler:** *(picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited his specimen in)* It is not okay that I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#arouse\|aroused]] by this now.

*(phone rings)*

**Chandler:** Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. *(pause)* No, she's not here but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? *(his smile fades as he hears the answer)* Oh. *(pause)* Well, so what does that mean? *(pause)* Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. *(hangs up)*

*(Monica walks in)*

**Monica:** Hey sweetie.

**Chandler:** Doctor Connelly just called.

**Monica:** With good news? *(very quickly and wringing hands)* Of course it is not good news, you just said *(deadpan)* "Doctor Connelly just called". If it was good news you would have said *(excitedly)* "Doctor Connelly just called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem with me or with you?

**Chandler:** Actually it's both of us.

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** Apparently my [[Friends-词汇总表#sperm\|sperm]] have low [[Friends-词汇总表#motility\|motility]] and you have an [[Friends-词汇总表#inhospitable\|inhospitable]] environment.

**Monica:** Oh... what does that mean?

**Chandler:** It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers and you have a [[Friends-词汇总表#uterus\|uterus]] that is [[Friends-词汇总表#prepare\|prepared]] to kill the ones that do. *(pause)* It means...

**Monica:** Chandler?

**Chandler:** *(seriously)* It means that we can keep trying, but there's a good chance this may never happen for us.

**Monica:** *(weeping)* Oh my God!

**Chandler:** I'm sorry.

**Monica:** I'm sorry too.

*(they hug)*

**Chandler:** Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out.

**Monica:** *(still weeping)* I know.


---

**Closing credits**


> [!scene] Scene: The Spa Reception. Phoebe walks in

**Receptionist:** Good morning Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** *(imitating the receptionist's tone)* Good morning [[Friends-词汇总表#receptionist\|receptionist]].

**Receptionist:** Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is in room No. 1.

**Phoebe:** Rachel Green? *(angrily)* Son of a bitch, she came back?

*(Phoebe walks to the door and half-opens it)*

**Phoebe:** *(through the door, with a Scottish accent)* Are you ready for your Scottish [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]]? Put your face in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]], [[Friends-词汇总表#lassy\|lassy]].


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（30）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 4 | 266 | 138 | *It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night? I thought you'd end up kissing Charli* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 4 | 219 | 100 | *It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night? I thought you'd end up kissing Charli* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 4 | 442 | 191 | *Yeah, I guess!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean, you saw someone you liked and you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 2 | 182 | 101 | *Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean, you saw someone you liked and you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 2 | 115 | 81 | *Promise?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 2 | 96 | 75 | *Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 2 | 88 | 68 | *Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna see the Yankees.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 2 | 66 | 56 | *Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time because apparently we...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes next, I mean aren't you worried about th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 2 | 109 | 81 | *For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Hey, I thought I'd end up kissing Charlie too ok? But SURPRISE!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh, God. I forgot how hot she was!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 1 | 279 | 145 | *Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grab\|grab]] | /græb/ | n. 抓握, 掠夺, 强占, 东方沿岸帆船 | n. a mechanical device for gripping an object | 1 | 86 | 66 | *Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious. No? Am I getting close?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage chains.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing away a hundred bucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing away a hundred bucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Can I offer you a drink?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *So I am just so excited to be here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Have a seat through the glass doors.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *But that woman can't know I work here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how aw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *You got to tell me exactly what to do there.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Mr. Bing?  Here you are! You'll go into that room and deposit your specimen into the container.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Damn! I wish I knew if that was right!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal temporal zygoma* |

### 常用词（42）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 11 | 63 | 30 | *Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage chains.* |
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 5 | 165 | 26 | *Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean, you saw someone you liked and you * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 2 | 22 | 18 | *It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 2 | 50 | 46 | *Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time because apparently we...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 2 | 33 | 24 | *Hello "ja", it's time for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#memorize\|memorize]] | /'memәraiz/ | vt. 记住, 熟记, 背熟 | v. commit to memory; learn by heart | 2 | 12 | 11 | *Ok, but you know what? I gotta say, I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 2 | 80 | 46 | *Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there right now and quit! Be true to what* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hook\|hook]] | /huk/ | n. 钩, 钩状, 镰刀, 陷阱 | n. a catch for locking a door | 1 | 33 | 26 | *Be-cause Ross is the father of my child! You know... and I... want him to hook up with lots of women* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids and if the kids got her intelligence and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 古生物学者 | n. a specialist in paleontology | 1 | 18 | 14 | *You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean, Joey is so different from the guys I us* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mostly\|mostly]] | /'mәustli/ | adv. 大概, 大部分, 主要 | r in large part; mainly or chiefly | 1 | 12 | 12 | *You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean, Joey is so different from the guys I us* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious. No? Am I getting close?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] | /bi'lɒŋ/ | vi. 属于, 合适 | v. be owned by; be in the possession of | 1 | 16 | 16 | *I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania Twain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Phoebe, Shania Twain is still alive!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing away a hundred bucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#destroy\|destroy]] | /di'strɒi/ | vt. 破坏, 毁坏, 消灭 | v. do away with, cause the destruction or undoing of | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's about corporate greed destroying our hearts * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Well, do you care about friendship?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 1 | 47 | 38 | *Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] | /tæŋk/ | n. 槽, 箱, 柜, 罐, 池塘, 储水池, 坦克 | n. an enclosed armored military vehicle; has a cannon and moves on caterpillar t | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than on a class trip to the Hershey's factory* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Who says that wine has to cost more than milk!* |
| ohhhh |  | [网络] 哦；喔哦；哦哦哦 |  | 1 | 20 | 20 | *Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to open a door and go  ohhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and here is my gift certificate.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *This has been torn up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] | /'tæp/ | n. 轻打, 水龙头 | n. a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dan | 1 | 20 | 16 | *And... taped back together.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 1 | 20 | 15 | *But that woman can't know I work here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how aw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *But that woman can't know I work here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how aw* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 1 | 21 | 18 | *'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that this is an evil blood sucking corporat* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 1 | 42 | 29 | *No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her body is soo...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry baseball fans!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#angry\|angry]] | /'æŋgri/ | a. 生气的, 愤怒的 | a. feeling or showing anger | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Yeah, most of it it's a place  packed with confused angry baseball fans!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] | /fifθ/ | num. 第五, 五分之一 | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves arch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mood\|mood]] | /mu:d/ | n. 心情, 气氛, 生气, 基调 | n. verb inflections that express how the action or state is conceived by the spe | 1 | 17 | 17 | *But I'm not! . You know what if you're in the mood for Thai food...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#slow\|slow]] | /slәu/ | a. 慢的, 缓慢的, 迟缓的, 迟钝的, 冷漠的, 落后的 | v. become slow or slower | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wing\|wing]] | /wiŋ/ | n. 翅膀, 翼, 机翼, 派别 | n. a movable organ for flying (one of a pair) | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fell\|fell]] | /fel/ | vt. 击倒 | n. seam made by turning under or folding together and stitching the seamed mater | 1 | 50 | 38 | *I think it just fell off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paint\|paint]] | /peint/ | n. 油漆, 颜料, 绘画作品, 涂漆 | n. a substance used as a coating to protect or decorate a surface (especially a  | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mouth\|mouth]] | /mauθ/ | n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物 | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge | 1 | 43 | 36 | *No, no, my mouth says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] | /im'pres/ | n. 印象, 特征, 印记 | n. the act of coercing someone into government service | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Ok, but you know what? I gotta say, I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so * |

### 低频词（117）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swedish\|swedish]] | /'swi:diʃ/ | n. 瑞典人, 瑞典语 | n. a Scandinavian language that is the official language of Sweden and one of tw | 5 | 9 | 5 | *Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunt\|hunt]] | /hʌnt/ | n. 狩猎, 追捕, 搜寻, 猎区 | n. Englishman and Pre-Raphaelite painter (1827-1910) | 4 | 12 | 7 | *Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#connelly\|connelly]] |  | 康奈利 |  | 4 | 5 | 2 | *Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly.  No, she's not here but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sittin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#acrimonious\|acrimonious]] | /ækri'mәunjәs/ | a. 尖刻的, 讥讽的, 激烈的 | s. marked by strong resentment or cynicism | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spa\|spa]] | /spɑ:/ | n. 矿泉, 温泉浴场, 矿泉治疗地 | n a health resort near a spring or at the seaside | 3 | 6 | 4 | *Oh, it's a gift certificate to this new SPA in SOHO.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deposit\|deposit]] | /di'pɒzit/ | n. 存款, 定金, 堆积物 | n. the phenomenon of sediment or gravel accumulating | 3 | 8 | 3 | *Mr. Bing?  Here you are! You'll go into that room and deposit your specimen into the container.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#specimen\|specimen]] | /'spesimәn/ | n. 样品, 标本, 试料 | n. an example regarded as typical of its class | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Mr. Bing?  Here you are! You'll go into that room and deposit your specimen into the container.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ikea\|ikea]] |  | n. 宜家家居（瑞典公司） |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shania\|shania]] |  | n. 莎妮娅（女子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania Twain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twain\|twain]] | /'twein/ | n. 二, 两, 一对 | n two items of the same kind | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania Twain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taco\|taco]] | /'tɑ:kәu/ | n. 墨西哥煎玉米卷；[美俚]墨西哥人 | n. a tortilla rolled cupped around a filling | 2 | 8 | 3 | *It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?* |
| wendy | /'wendi/ | n. 温迪（女子名） |  | 2 | 18 | 7 | *I cannot believe Ross told you that!  And in my defense, it was a Wendy's!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mets\|mets]] |  | (met 的复数) meet的过去式和过去分词 | plural of met | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna see the Yankees.* |
| sid | /sid/ | [计] 安全性标识 |  | 2 | 8 | 3 | *Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time because apparently we...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweden\|sweden]] | /'swi:dn/ | n. 瑞典 | n. a Scandinavian kingdom in the eastern part of the Scandinavian Peninsula | 2 | 2 | 1 | *No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea...  Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the c* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monet\|monet]] |  | n. 莫奈（人名, 法国画家） | n. French impressionist painter (1840-1926) | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phonetically\|phonetically]] | /fәu'netikli/ | adv. 按照发音地, 语音学上 | r. by phonetics | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#painting\|painting]] | /'peintiŋ/ | n. 画, 绘画, 油漆 | n. graphic art consisting of an artistic composition made by applying paints to  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Nah ah! Nah ah!  No no no! No ad-libbing and dude, you can't touch the paintings.* |
| uhu |  | abbr. Unhappy Hookers United 不幸妓女联盟 |  | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carlock\|carlock]] |  | [人名] 卡洛克 | n. A sort of Russian isinglass, made from the air bladder of | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Robert Carlock* |
| silveri |  | [网络] 银色 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Scott Silveri Directed by: Gary Halvorson* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gary\|gary]] | /'^eәri/ | n. 盖理 | n. a city in northwest Indiana on Lake Michigan; steel production | 1 | 24 | 8 | *Scott Silveri Directed by: Gary Halvorson* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halvorson\|halvorson]] |  | [人名] 霍尔沃森 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Scott Silveri Directed by: Gary Halvorson* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tonsil\|tonsil]] | /'tɒnsl/ | n. 扁桃体 | n. either of two masses of lymphatic tissue one on each side of the oral pharynx | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, I don't know, they seem to have a shared interest in each other's tonsils...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intelligence\|intelligence]] | /in'telidʒәns/ | n. 智力, 情报, 信息 | n. the ability to comprehend; to understand and profit from experience | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids and if the kids got her intelligence and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raw\|raw]] | /rɒ:/ | n. 擦伤处, 半成品 | n. informal terms for nakedness | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids and if the kids got her intelligence and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#magnetism\|magnetism]] | /'mægnitizm/ | n. 磁性, 吸引力, 磁学, 催眠术 | n. attraction for iron; associated with electric currents as well as magnets; ch | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids and if the kids got her intelligence and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nerd\|nerd]] | /nә:d/ | n. 讨厌的人；呆子 | n. an intelligent but single-minded expert in a particular technical field or pr | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids and if the kids got her intelligence and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explanation\|explanation]] | /.eksplә'neiʃәn/ | n. 解释, 说明, 辩解, 表明 | n. a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant st | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ordinarily\|ordinarily]] | /'ɒ:dinәrili/ | adv. 通常, 普通, 一般地 | r under normal conditions | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intellectual\|intellectual]] | /.intә'lektʃuәl/ | n. 有知识者, 知识分子, 凭理智做事者 | n. a person who uses the mind creatively | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean, Joey is so different from the guys I us* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cerebral\|cerebral]] | /'seribrәl/ | a. 脑的, 大脑的 | a. involving intelligence rather than emotions or instinct | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean, Joey is so different from the guys I us* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overpay\|overpay]] | /.әuvә'pei/ | vt. 多付, 多给报酬 | v. pay too much | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh... then I overpaid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soho\|soho]] | /sәu'hәu/ | interj. 哈, 嗬 | n. a district in southwestern Manhattan noted for its shops and restaurants and  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, it's a gift certificate to this new SPA in SOHO.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disapprove\|disapprove]] | /.disә'pru:v/ | v. 不赞成 | v. consider bad or wrong | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#veal\|veal]] | /vi:l/ | n. 小牛肉 | n. meat from a calf | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]] | /fә:/ | n. 毛皮 | n. the dressed hairy coat of a mammal | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat ve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greed\|greed]] | /gri:d/ | n. 贪欲, 贪婪 | n. excessive desire to acquire or possess more (especially more material wealth) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's about corporate greed destroying our hearts * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hollow\|hollow]] | /'hɒlәu/ | n. 洞, 窟窿, 山谷 | n. a cavity or space in something | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's about corporate greed destroying our hearts * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shell\|shell]] | /ʃel/ | n. 贝壳, 壳, 外形, 炮弹 | n. ammunition consisting of a cylindrical metal casing containing an explosive c | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's about corporate greed destroying our hearts * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strongly\|strongly]] | /'strɒŋli/ | adv. 强有力地, 坚强地, 激烈地 | r. with strength or in a strong manner | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I feel really strongly about this, Rachel. Please, don't use this gift certificate. I'm asking you a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audience\|audience]] | /'ɒ:diәns/ | n. 听众, 观众, 读者 | n. a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fertility\|fertility]] | /fә'tiliti/ | n. 肥沃, 丰饶, 生产力 | n. the state of being fertile; capable of producing offspring | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tadpole\|tadpole]] | /'tædpәul/ | n. 蝌蚪 | n. a larval frog or toad | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those f* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#routine\|routine]] | /ru:'ti:n/ | n. 常规, 日常工作, 惯例, 例行公事 | n. an unvarying or habitual method or procedure | 1 | 9 | 4 | *Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think it's a good idea to find out if eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hershey\|hershey]] | /'h\\:ʃi/ | n. 好时公司；赫尔歇（人名） | n. United States confectioner and philanthropist who created the model industria | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than on a class trip to the Hershey's factory* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#factory\|factory]] | /'fæktәri/ | n. 工厂, 产生地, 代理店 | n. a plant consisting of one or more buildings with facilities for manufacturing | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than on a class trip to the Hershey's factory* |
| heeey |  | [网络] 哈阿；高空飞艇；而且我知道你不能爱我 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Heeey!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#craze\|craze]] | /kreiz/ | n. 狂热, 大流行 | n. state of violent mental agitation | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dean\|dean]] | /di:n/ | n. 院长, 主持牧师 | n. an administrator in charge of a division of a university or college | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#syllabus\|syllabus]] | /'silәbәs/ | n. 摘要, 提纲, 课程表, 教学大纲 | n an integrated course of academic studies | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#foreword\|foreword]] | /'fɒ:wә:d/ | n. 前言, 序 | n. a short introductory essay preceding the text of a book | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hade\|hade]] | /heid/ | n. 伸角, 断层倾角 | n. The descent of a hill. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to open a door and go  ohhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hectic\|hectic]] | /'hektik/ | a. 脸上发红, 发热的, 潮热的, 肺病的 | s marked by intense agitation or emotion | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to open a door and go  ohhhh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explore\|explore]] | /ik'splɒ:/ | v. 探险, 探测, 探究 | v. travel to or penetrate into | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So I am just so excited to be here. And I can't wait to start exploring the city!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chronos\|chronos]] |  | (chrono 的复数) adj. 慢性的, 长期的 | plural of chrono | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher Hall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quartet\|quartet]] | /kwɒ:'tet/ | n. 四重奏 | n. four performers or singers who perform together | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher Hall.* |
| avery | /'eivәri/ | n. 艾弗里（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher Hall.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fisher\|fisher]] | /'fiʃә/ | n. 渔夫, 食鱼动物, 渔船 | n. large dark brown North American arboreal carnivorous mammal | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher Hall.* |
| walt | /wɔ:lt/ | n. 沃尔特（人名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display at the public library.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whitman\|whitman]] | /'(h)witmәn/ | n. 惠特曼（姓氏） | n. United States poet who celebrated the greatness of America (1819-1892) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display at the public library.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yankee\|yankee]] | /'jæŋki/ | n. (美国的)新英格兰人, (美国)北方诸州的人, 美国佬 | n. an American who lives in the North (especially during the American Civil War) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna see the Yankees.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#singular\|singular]] | /'siŋgjulә/ | n. 单数 | n. the form of a word that is used to denote a singleton | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, no, not the Mets, the MET, singular!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lavender\|lavender]] | /'lævindә/ | n. 熏衣草, 淡紫色 | n. any of various Old World aromatic shrubs or subshrubs with usually mauve or b | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa SPA. How may I help you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#therapist\|therapist]] | /'θerәpist/ | n. 治疗学家 | n. a person skilled in a particular type of therapy | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Ok well, I'll call you as soon as your massage therapist is ready.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smarter\|smarter]] |  | a. 聪明的；精明的（smart的比较级） | a showing mental alertness and calculation and resourcefulness | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've ever dated! Combined! I don't want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#combine\|combine]] | /kәm'bain/ | v. (使)联合, (使)结合 | n. harvester that heads and threshes and cleans grain while moving across the fi | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've ever dated! Combined! I don't want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belt\|belt]] | /belt/ | n. 带子, 地带 | n. endless loop of flexible material between two rotating shafts or pulleys | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Are you wearing two belts?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smartest\|smartest]] |  | 聪明伶俐地 | a showing mental alertness and calculation and resourcefulness | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#metropolitan\|metropolitan]] | /.metrә'pɒlitn/ | n. 大都市居民, 都主教, 宗主国的公民 | n. in the Eastern Orthodox Church this title is given to a position between bish | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shorten\|shorten]] | /'ʃɒ:tn/ | vt. 弄短, 缩短, 减少 | v. make shorter than originally intended; reduce or retrench in length or durati | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, that's what she meant!  You know, if they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#muse\|muse]] | /mju:z/ | n. 沉思, 冥想 | n. in ancient Greek mythology any of 9 daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne; protecto | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, that's what she meant!  You know, if they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confusion\|confusion]] | /kәn'fju:ʒәn/ | n. 混乱, 混淆, 无秩序 | n. disorder resulting from a failure to behave predictably | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, that's what she meant!  You know, if they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rare\|rare]] | /rєә/ | a. 稀罕的, 罕有的, 珍奇的, 稀薄的, 半熟的, 非常好的 | s. not widely known; especially valued for its uncommonness | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves arch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bookstore\|bookstore]] | /'bukstɒ:/ | n. 书店 | n a shop where books are sold | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves arch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#madison\|madison]] | /'mædisn/ | n. 麦迪逊（姓氏）；麦迪逊（美国城市） | n. 4th President of the United States; member of the Continental Congress and ra | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves arch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#patrick\|patrick]] | /'pætrik/ | n. 帕特里克（男子名） | n. Apostle and patron saint of Ireland; an English missionary to Ireland in the  | 1 | 8 | 3 | *Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves arch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cathedral\|cathedral]] | /kә'θi:drәl/ | n. 大教堂 | n. any large and important church | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves arch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pastry\|pastry]] | /'peistri/ | n. 油酥点心, 面粉糕饼 | n. a dough of flour and water and shortening | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves arch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geez\|geez]] | /ɡi:'ez/ | vt. 注射麻醉品 | n. The original native name for the ancient Ethiopic language or | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thai\|thai]] | /tai/ | n. 泰国人, 泰语 | n. a native or inhabitant of Thailand | 1 | 3 | 3 | *But I'm not! . You know what if you're in the mood for Thai food...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#antiquity\|antiquity]] | /æn'tikwәti/ | n. 古老, 古代, 古代人, 古物 | n. the historic period preceding the Middle Ages in Europe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ancient\|ancient]] | /'einʃәnt/ | a. 古代的, 古老的, 年老的, 旧的 | n. a very old person | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egypt\|egypt]] | /'i:dʒipt/ | n. 埃及 | n. a republic in northeastern Africa known as the United Arab Republic until 197 | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mesopotamia\|mesopotamia]] | /.mesәpә'teimiә/ | n. 美索不达米亚 | n. the land between the Tigris and Euphrates; site of several ancient civilizati | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#byzantine\|byzantine]] | /bi'zæntain/ | a. 拜占庭帝国的, 拜占庭式的 | n. a native or inhabitant of Byzantium or of the Byzantine Empire | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empire\|empire]] | /'empaiә/ | n. 帝国, 帝权 | n. the domain ruled by an emperor or empress; the region over which imperial dom | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopot* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#secretly\|secretly]] | /'si:kritli/ | adv. 秘密地, 背地里 | r. in secrecy; not openly | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I have a weird feeling about this place.  How do I know that they are not gonna secretly videotape m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#videotape\|videotape]] |  | n. 录相磁带 | n. a video recording made on magnetic tape | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I have a weird feeling about this place.  How do I know that they are not gonna secretly videotape m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweetest\|sweetest]] |  | a. 最甜蜜的 | a having or denoting the characteristic taste of sugar | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody is gonna wanna watch that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#container\|container]] | /kәn'teinә/ | n. 容器, 集装箱 | n. any object that can be used to hold things (especially a large metal boxlike  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Mr. Bing?  Here you are! You'll go into that room and deposit your specimen into the container.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fertile\|fertile]] | /'fә:tail/ | a. 可繁殖的, 肥沃的, 生产多的 | a. capable of reproducing | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cranky\|cranky]] | /'kræŋki/ | a. 古怪的, 暴躁的, 脾气坏的 | s. easily irritated or annoyed | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz they have to do it in a cup!  Oh! They gave you the kiddy si* |
| cuz | /kәz/ | abbr. 因为（cause） |  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz they have to do it in a cup!  Oh! They gave you the kiddy si* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiddy\|kiddy]] | /'kidi/ | n. 小孩, 小家伙 | n. a young child | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz they have to do it in a cup!  Oh! They gave you the kiddy si* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invasive\|invasive]] | /in'veisiv/ | a. 侵入的, 侵略性的, 攻击性的 | a. relating to a technique in which the body is entered by puncture or incision | 1 | 1 | 1 | *This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vaginal\|vaginal]] | /vә'dʒainl/ | a. 鞘的, 似叶鞘的, 阴道的 | a. of or relating to the vagina | 1 | 1 | 1 | *This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exam\|exam]] | /ig'zæm/ | n. 考试, 测验 | n a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge | 1 | 7 | 7 | *This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scalp\|scalp]] | /skælp/ | v. 剥头皮 | n. the skin that covers the top of the head | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Time for your scalp massage!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stockholm\|stockholm]] | /'stɒkhәulm/ | n. 斯德哥尔摩 | n. the capital and largest city of Sweden; located in southern Sweden on the Bal | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uhm... Stockholm.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#painterly\|painterly]] | /'peintәli/ | a. 画家的, 绘画的, 强调色彩的 | s. having qualities unique to the art of painting | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subtle\|subtle]] | /'sʌtl/ | a. 敏锐的, 精细的, 狡猾的, 稀薄的, 灵巧的, 微妙的 | s. able to make fine distinctions | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impasto\|impasto]] | /im'pæstәu/ | n. 厚涂颜料的绘画法, 厚涂的颜料 | n. painting that applies the pigment thickly so that brush or palette knife mark | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#canvas\|canvas]] | /'kænvәs/ | n. 帆布, 画布, 油画 | n. a heavy, closely woven fabric (used for clothing or chairs or sails or tents) | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outdoors\|outdoors]] | /'aut'dɒ:z/ | n. 户外, 野外活动 | n. where the air is unconfined | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elusive\|elusive]] | /i'lu:siv/ | a. 难懂的, 易忘的, 难以捉摸的 | s. difficult to describe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monster\|monster]] | /'mɒnstә/ | n. 怪物, 恶人, 巨物 | n. an imaginary creature usually having various human and animal parts | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, no, my mouth says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frontal\|frontal]] | /'frʌntәl/ | a. 前面的, 正面的, 额的 | n. a drapery that covers the front of an altar | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal temporal zygoma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#temporal\|temporal]] | /'tempәrәl/ | a. 时间的, 暂时的, 现世的, 世俗的, 颞的, 太阳穴的 | s. not eternal | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal temporal zygoma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#zygomatic\|zygomatic]] | /.zaigәu'mætik/ | a. 颊骨的, 颧骨的 | a. of or relating to the cheek region of the face | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal temporal zygoma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#craniotomy\|craniotomy]] | /,kreini'ɔtәmi/ | n. 颅骨切开术, 破头盖术 | n. a surgical opening through the skull | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal temporal zygoma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#renaissance\|renaissance]] | /ri'neisәns/ | n. 复活, 复兴, 文艺复兴 | n. the period of European history at the close of the Middle Ages and the rise o | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caravaggio\|caravaggio]] |  | 卡拉瓦乔（地名） | n. Italian painter noted for his realistic depiction of religious subjects and h | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it, it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chiaroscuro\|chiaroscuro]] | /ki.ɑ:rә'skjuәrәu/ | n. 用明暗对照所作的素描, 明暗对照法 | n. a monochrome picture made by using several different shades of the same color | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it, it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlight]] | /'hailait/ | n. 加亮区, 精彩场面 | n. the most interesting or memorable part | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it, it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anguish\|anguish]] | /'æŋgwiʃ/ | n. 剧痛, 痛苦 | n. extreme mental distress | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it, it's * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bumpy\|bumpy]] | /'bʌmpi/ | a. 颠簸的, 崎岖不平的 | s. covered with or full of bumps | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it, it's * |
