---
season: 9
episode: "15"
title: "Friends - 915 - The One With The Mugging"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E15 — Friends - 915 - The One With The Mugging

*Written by: unknown yet*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Ross, Monica and Phoebe are there as Chandler enters

**Chandler:** *(excited)* Guys, guys, I've got great news! Guess what…

**Joey:** Uh, ah, Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]?!

**Monica:** *(shocked)* Really? *(She looks around, suddenly embarrassed)* Let's get past the moment.

**Phoebe:** What's your news?

**Chandler:** Thank you. I got a job in advertising. *(Everybody cheers)*

**Monica:** *(hugging Chandler)* Oh, honey, that's incredible!

**Phoebe:** *(inquisitive)* Gosh, what's the pay like? *(Everybody stares at her indignantly)* Oh, come on people… *(defending)* come on, now, if I don't know who makes the most, how do I know who I like the most! *(She looks at Joey)* Hey Joey! *(Joey winks at her)*

**Chandler:** Actually, it pays nothing. It's an [[Friends-词汇总表#internship\|internship]].

**Joey:** Oh, that's cool. We have [[Friends-词汇总表#intern\|interns]] at 'Days Of Our Lives'.

**Chandler:** Right. So, it'll be the same except… less sex with you. *(Joey nods)*

**Ross:** So, uh, what kinda stuff do you think they'll have you do there?

**Chandler:** Well, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#train\|training]] program, but at the end, they hire the people they like.

**Phoebe:** *(enthusiastic)* That's great.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]], you know, grown man getting people coffee is a little [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliating]]

*(At the same time, Gunther puts down a cup of coffee in front of Chandler)*

**Chandler:** *(grinning awkwardly)* Humiliating and [[Friends-词汇总表#noble\|noble]]!

*(Gunther shoots a nasty look at him while leaving)*

**Ross:** You know, if I didn't already have a job, I think, I would have been really good in advertising.

**Monica:** Ross, you did not come up with "got [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]]?"

**Ross:** Yes, I did, I did! *(He turns to Joey, disappointed)* I should have written it down!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's Aparment, Monica sits at the table

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Monica:** Hey!

**Joey:** Where's Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day. *(Monica smiles)* ... and I smelled [[Friends-词汇总表#bacon\|bacon]]. *(taking some)*

**Monica:** He just left.

**Joey:** *(puzzled)* Who did? *(Monica looks bewildered)*

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Joey! You never gonna believe it: she called.

**Joey:** *(standing up, surprised)* She did?

**Rachel:** *(enthusiastic)* You got it!

**Joey:** *(still surprised)* I did?

**Monica:** What is she talking about?

**Joey:** I don't know, but it sounds great.

**Rachel:** Your agent called. You got that [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]].

**Joey:** With Lennart Haze?

**Rachel:** Yes.

**Joey:** Oh my god, that is great! That is *** for a play on [[Friends-词汇总表#broadway\|broadway]]… and in a real theatre, not that little one [[Friends-词汇总表#underneath\|underneath]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#dally\|dally]] like last time.

**Monica:** Is it a good play?

**Joey:** Well, it must be, because I read and I didn't understand a [[Friends-词汇总表#singe\|singe]] word.

**Rachel:** Yeah, and Lennart Haze is starring in it…

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah, and directing.

**Monica:** *(sighs)* He was so good in that movie of MacBeth.

**Rachel:** *(disbelieving)* You saw that?

**Monica:** No, but… I saw the [[Friends-词汇总表#preview\|previews]]. They played it right before Jackass. Rachel and Joey: *(pointing at Monica, a look of recognition in their faces)* Ah!

**Joey:** Yeah, he's done some amazing works.

**Rachel:** Oh, yeah. Oh, I loved him in those cell phone commercials.

**Joey:** *(almost laughing)* I know. When the [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] hits him in the face with that [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] phone. *(They all laugh)*

**Monica:** Hey! Maybe the [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] will be at the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]]!

**Joey:** *(sitting down)* Don't make me more [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] than I already am!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's new workplace, his fellow interns are already seated around a table

**Chandler:** *(entering)* Good morning, everybody.

**Intern:** Can I get you a cup of coffee, Sir?

**Chandler:** Oh, no, no, I'm an [[Friends-词汇总表#intern\|intern]], just like you guys… except for the [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]], the [[Friends-词汇总表#briefcase\|briefcase]]… and the fact that I can rent a car.

**Intern:** Seriously, you're an [[Friends-词汇总表#intern\|intern]]?

**Chandler:** Yeah, well, I'm kinda heading into a new career direction and, you know, you gotta start at the bottom.

**Intern:** *(shaking his head disbelievingly)* Dude!

**Chandler:** Right. Look, I know I'm a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] older than you guys, but it's not like I'm Bob Hope *(he sits down)*

*(Everybody gives him an inquiring look)*

**Chandler:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#comedian\|comedian]]? USO?!

**Intern:** *(correcting him)* Uhm, it's USA, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]].

*(Chandler desperately covers his head in his hands)*


> [!scene] Scene: Audition room, Joey is lead into the room by a receptionist in a fancy dress

**Receptionist:** This is Joey Tribbiani. Joey, these are the [[Friends-词汇总表#producer\|producers]] and, as you probably already know, this is Lennart Haze.

*(Lennart Haze turns around in his chair to face Joey)*

**Joey:** It is so amazing to meet you. *(They are shaking hands)* I'm such a big fan of your work.

**Lennart:** Well, I've… I've been [[Friends-词汇总表#bless\|blessed]] with a… a lot of great roles.

**Joey:** Tell me about it! "Unlimited nights and weekends!"

**Lennart:** You making fun of me? Because I am not a sell-out. *(He stands up and walks menacingly towards Joey)* I didn't do that for the money, I believe in those phones. I almost lost a [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] because of bad wireless service.

**Joey:** No, I-I-I wasn't making fun of you, [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]], I-I think you were great in those commercials.

**Lennart:** Really?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Lennart:** Well, I do bring a certain [[Friends-词汇总表#credibility\|credibility]] to the role.

**Joey:** *(regaining confidence)* Are you kiddin'? When they [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] you out of that [[Friends-词汇总表#cannon\|cannon]]…

**Lennart:** Peeeeeooooooooch *(He mimes flying out of the cannon)* "Hang up that phone!" One take!

**Joey:** Wow!

**Lennart:** So, shall we read?

**Joey:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#yah\|yah]], sure.

**Lennart:** Top of act two. This is my [[Friends-词汇总表#entrance\|entrance]]. You got it?

*(Joey nods whereupon Lennart acts as if he is entering a room)*

**Lennart:** "What the hell are you still doing here"?

*(Joey stares at him, fascinated by his performance)*

**Joey:** Err, "I think you know".

**Lennart:** "Bastard"!

**Joey:** "I am what you made me. You know what? I could go right now."

**Lennart:** "Go, go!"

**Joey:** "I can't. Oh, I want to, long [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]], but I can't."

**Lennart:** I'm sorry, sorry. You're not supposed to say "long [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]]"

**Joey:** *(understandingly)* Oh, oh, I thought that was your character's name, you know, I thought you were like an Indian or something, you know with a… *(He mimes wearing a feather on his head)*

**Lennart:** No. Thank you so much for coming in. We [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it, thank you.

**Joey:** Ah, y-y-you're sure you don't want me to do it again? I could do it with an [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]], you know, Southern *(He speaks in what he believes is a Southern accent)* "I could go right now, maaan!"

**Lennart:** *(stunned, muttering)* My god in [[Friends-词汇总表#heaven\|heaven]].

*(The producers stand up) Producer #1: Joey, hang on for a second. Lennart, can we talk to you for a moment?*

*(They stand aside, talking)*

**Lennart:** You, you gotta be kidding. See, h-he, he can't act. *(Joey hears that and his disappointment is reflected in his facial expression)*.

*(Producer #1 whispers something)*

**Lennart:** Hey! I-I-I don't care if he's hot, you know. If you want to sleep with him, do it on your own time. *(Joey smiles smugly at this)* This is a play. No, listen: if you [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] on this, I will call my agent so fast on a cell phone that has a connection that is so clear he's gonna think I'm next door.

*(Joey approaches them)*

**Joey:** *(interrupting their conversation)* Ah, hi, ah. Thank you so much for [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whispering]] for my benefit, but, ah, look, if you just tell me what I did wrong, I'd just love to work on it and come back and try it again for you. And, and also: *(to Producer #1)* 'How you doing?' *(to Lennart again)* You should, please, just gimme another chance. I really wanna get better, please.

**Lennart:** Well, if you wanna come back at the end of the day today, here are my notes. Ready?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Lennart:** Uhm, you're in your head. You-you're thinking way too much.

**Joey:** I really [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] that.

**Lennart:** *(explaining to Joey, who nods fervently)* No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no [[Friends-词汇总表#urgency\|urgency]]. The scene is a [[Friends-词汇总表#struggle\|struggle]], uhm, it's a race. Also, what you did was [[Friends-词汇总表#horizontal\|horizontal]]. Don't be afraid to [[Friends-词汇总表#explore\|explore]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#vertical\|vertical]]. And don't learn the words. Let the words learn you.

*(Joey ponders on this for a while)*

**Joey:** *(suggesting)* Couldn't I just sleep with the [[Friends-词汇总表#producer\|producer]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Backstreet, Ross and Phoebe walking

**Phoebe:** Hey, do you wanna go to dinner tonight?

**Ross:** Oh, I can't. I've got a date with that [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]], Katy, yeah, I know we've been only going out like [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]], but I have a really good [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] about her.

**Phoebe:** Oh, I hear divorce [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bells]].

*(A mugger, his face hidden by a cap, approaches them from behind)*

**Mugger:** Alright. Just give me your [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallets]] and there won't be a problem.

**Ross:** *(taken aback)* What?

**Mugger:** I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] *(It looks like he has a gun under his coat)*

**Ross:** O-ok. Just relax, Phoene, just stay [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]]. *(He searches his coat and freaks out)*. Oh my god, I can't find my [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]].

*(He finally finds the wallet and hands it to the mugger)*

**Mugger:** Alright, lady, now give me your [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]!

**Phoebe:** No.

**Ross:** *(still in a high-pitched voice)* What do you mean "no"? I knew you'd be my death, Phoebe Buffay.

*(A sign of recognition runs across Phoebe's face)*

**Phoebe:** Lowell, is that you?

**Lowell:** Phoebe? *(He lifts his cap)* Oh my god!

**Phoebe:** *(simultaneously)* Oh my god!

*(They hug and scream)*

**Phoebe:** *(excited)* I'm sorry, Ross, this is my old friend Lowell from the streets. Lowell, Ross.

**Lowell:** Ross, nice to meet you. *(He stretches his hand out to him)*

**Ross:** Yeah, a real [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]].

**Phoebe:** Ah, it's been so long, so long. *(They hug again)* I can't believe you're still doing this!

**Lowell:** Ough, I know, but I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoking]]!

**Phoebe:** Good for you!

**Lowell:** So you look like you're doing really well! I guess you're [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugging]] days are behind you?

**Phoebe:** Ouh… *(she nods)*

**Ross:** *(shocked)* Oh my god. Phoebe, you used to [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mug]] people?

**Phoebe:** Excuse me, Ross, old friends catching up…


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, Monica sits on the couch as Joey enters

**Monica:** Hey, how did the [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] go?

**Joey:** Well, they wanna see me again this [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]], but, err, well, Lennart Haze did not like me. *(He sits down)*

**Monica:** What happened?

**Joey:** Well, he said I wasn't [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]] enough, you know, and that everything I did was [[Friends-词汇总表#horizontal\|horizontal]] and I should be more [[Friends-词汇总表#vertical\|vertical]]. Oh, and he said that I should think less.

**Monica:** So far so good! *(Joey nods)*

**Chandler:** *(entering, carrying a large box)* Honey, I'm old!

**Monica:** *(standing up, walking towards him)* What's wrong?

**Chandler:** I am so much older than these other [[Friends-词汇总表#intern\|interns]]. I can't [[Friends-词汇总表#compete\|compete]] with them.

**Monica:** So you're a little older. Try to look at the positive: You have all this life experience.

**Chandler:** Yes, but I don't think life experience with these. *(He opens the box and takes an inline skate-like sneaker out)*

**Joey:** Wooooooooow *(He takes the sneaker)* It's like they're on fire!

**Monica:** What are they? *(They sit down again)*

**Chandler:** They're these [[Friends-词汇总表#prototype\|prototype]] [[Friends-词汇总表#sneaker\|sneakers]] and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because no self-respecting adult would ever where these.

**Joey:** *(determined)* I give you $ 500 for them!

**Chandler:** What am I supposed to do with these?

**Monica:** Ah, come on, [[Friends-词汇总表#sneaker\|sneakers]] are easy. You wear sneakers all the time.

**Chandler:** Well, first of all, they're not called "[[Friends-词汇总表#sneaker\|sneakers]]" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "[[Friends-词汇总表#skid\|skids]]" and I think I heard somebody say "slorps". *(He takes a sneaker)* And here, look: they've got these [[Friends-词汇总表#wheel\|wheels]] to pop out from the bottom so you can [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] around 'cause, apparently, walking is too much exercise. Kids, kids, roll your way to [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]] [[Friends-词汇总表#obesity\|obesity]]! *(to Monica)* Would you help me try to sell these?

**Monica:** Okay, have you considered using a girl with huge [[Friends-词汇总表#knocker\|knockers]]?

**Chandler:** No, I don't think that's the kinda thing they're looking for.

**Joey:** Hey, that'd work on me! Why did I get to buy Mrs. Butterwords?


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Monica sits on the couch as Phoebe and Ross enter

**All:** Hey, hey!

**Ross:** Hey, you'll never guess what just happened… Phoebe and I got [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugged]]!

**Monica:** You okay?!

**Ross:** *(sitting down)* Yah, because Phoebe knew the [[Friends-词汇总表#mugger\|mugger]]!

**Monica:** *(bewildered)* How do you know a [[Friends-词汇总表#mugger\|mugger]]?

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry I have friends outside the six of us.

**Ross:** You wanna know how she knew him? *(He points at Phoebe)* Because Phoebe used to [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mug]] people.

**Monica:** *(shocked)* Seriously?

**Phoebe:** Well, I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of it, but, you know… sometimes when I was living on the street and I needed money for food and stuff I…

**Monica:** *(disapproving)* Phoebe, that is [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]]!

**Phoebe:** Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pony\|pony]]… I had a hard life, my mother was killed by a drug [[Friends-词汇总表#dealer\|dealer]]…

**Monica:** You're mother killed [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]]!

**Phoebe:** She was a drug [[Friends-词汇总表#dealer\|dealer]]!

**Ross:** Well, anyway, it was a good thing Phoebe knew the knew him, because *(menacingly)* I was about to do some serious damage!

**Phoebe:** *(laughing)* Okay…

**Monica:** Well, this must've brought back some really bad memories for you, Ross.

**Phoebe:** Why?

**Monica:** Well, Ross was [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugged]] as a kid.

**Phoebe:** *(worried)* You were?

**Ross:** Yeah, it was pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#traumatic\|traumatic]]. I was outside St. Marc's Comics… you know, I-I-I was just there minding my own business, you know, seeing what kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] [[Friends-词汇总表#spiderman\|spiderman]] got into that week-

**Monica:** *(coughing)* Wonderwoman!

**Ross:** Anyway, I was heading towards this [[Friends-词汇总表#bakery\|bakery]], you know, to pick up a couple of [[Friends-词汇总表#dozen\|dozen]] Linzer [[Friends-词汇总表#tort\|torts]] for someone… *(He looks at Monica)* … when [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] this [[Friends-词汇总表#thug\|thug]] with a [[Friends-词汇总表#pipe\|pipe]] jumps out and says: "Gimme your money, [[Friends-词汇总表#punk\|punk]]!"

**Phoebe:** *(shocked)* Oh my god…

**Ross:** I know! And-and the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] part was they took my [[Friends-词汇总表#backpack\|backpack]] which had all the original [[Friends-词汇总表#artwork\|artwork]] I had done for my own [[Friends-词汇总表#comic\|comic]] book: "Science Boy"

**Monica:** Oh yeah! What was his [[Friends-词汇总表#superpower\|superpower]] again?

**Ross:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#superhuman\|superhuman]] [[Friends-词汇总表#thirst\|thirst]] for knowledge.

**Monica:** That's it.

**Ross:** Well, I-I better get to class *(He stands up)* Are there any more of your friends I should look out for on my way, Phoebe?

**Phoebe:** No… actually, you might wanna stay away from Jane street… that's where stabby Joe works.

*(Ross leaves Central Perk)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, I think we have a problem here.

**Monica:** What?

**Phoebe:** Well, uhm, back in my [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugging]] days, you know, I, uhm, I worked St. Marc's Comics.

**Monica:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** Well, a [[Friends-词汇总表#pipe\|pipe]] was my [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]] of choice and, uhm, pre-teen [[Friends-词汇总表#comic\|comic]] book [[Friends-词汇总表#nerd\|nerds]] were my [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]].

**Monica:** So?

**Phoebe:** Well, there was this one kid who had a [[Friends-词汇总表#sticker\|sticker]] on his [[Friends-词汇总表#backpack\|backpack]] that said- Phoebe and Monica: "Geology rocks!"

**Monica:** Oh my god!

**Phoebe:** I know… I [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugged]] Ross!


> [!scene] Scene: Audition room, the producers and Lennart are waiting for Joey

**Receptionist:** You're late!

**Joey:** *(entering)* I know, I'm sorry, but can I just have a quick second to run to the bathroom?

**Receptionist:** No, Lennart doesn't wait!

**Joey:** But I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#burst\|bursting]] with u-hu!

**Lennart:** *(spotting Joey)* Joey! Here we go. Let's go very quickly!

**Joey:** Actually, I really need…

**Lennart:** *(interrupting)* We must go now, quickly, please.

**Joey:** Yes… ahahaaa *(He seems to be in pain)*

**Lennart:** Ready? "What the hell are you still doing here?"

**Joey:** *(walking on the spot)* "I think you know!"

**Lennart:** "Oh, you [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]]!"

**Joey:** "I am what you made me! You know what?"

**Lennart:** "What?"

**Joey:** "I could go right now."

**Lennart:** "Then go, go!"

**Joey:** *(urgent)* "I, oh, I can't. I want to, but I can't!"

**Lennart:** Cut! That was good. *(He turns to the producers)* That was very good. You did everything I asked for.

**Joey:** *(disbelieving)* I did?

**Lennart:** Yes. Plus… what you've got that… I don't know what you've got going… this [[Friends-词汇总表#squirmy\|squirmy]] quality that you bring into the character that I couldn't've even [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagined]]. Wow, hey, here's what we gonna do: come back tomorrow for the final [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callbacks]] with the ***, do all of this what you've got going now, but – you know what? – more, more. Can you do that?

**Joey:** Sure, yeah. I don't have time to say thank you because I really gotta go. *(He grabs his jacket and limps out of the room)*

**Lennart:** *(watching Joey leave)* Look at that: still in character, I like it… I plant [[Friends-词汇总表#seed\|seeds]] I can't [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]].


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, Chander sits on the couch as Monica and Rachel enter

**Monica:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Monica:** What are you doing?

**Chandler:** Putting on the [[Friends-词汇总表#sneaker\|sneakers]]… thought I'd get into a [[Friends-词汇总表#younger\|younger]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mindset\|mindset]], you know, to see if it [[Friends-词汇总表#spark\|sparked]] anything…

**Rachel:** Oh, anything yet?

**Chandler:** Yes, how's this: They're so [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] it's like getting kicked in the [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nuts]] for your feet!

*(At that moment, Joey opens the door)*

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**All:** Hey!

*(Joey heads straight for the fridge, takes all the beverage cans and is about to leave the apartment)*

**Joey:** Probably wanna know what I'm doing…?

**Monica:** No, that seems about right.

**Joey:** Yesterday at my [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]], I really had to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]], and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good actor. I got a call-back, so I'm drinking everything. Oh, by the way, that [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] [[Friends-词汇总表#nog\|nog]] in our [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] was great!

**Rachel:** Joey, that was [[Friends-词汇总表#formula\|formula]].

**Joey:** We gotta get more of that. *(He leaves the apartment)*

**Chandler:** *(sitting on the couch)* You know what… these aren't half-bad! *(to Rachel)* You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren.

**Rachel:** Okay, first of all, that's stupid and second of all, I'm not allowed to talk to Ralph.

**Chandler:** Alright *(He stands wearing the sneakers on)* I feel youger already!

*(He trips and falls hard on his back)*

**Chandler:** *(on the floor)* Yah, I think I broke my [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]].


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there drinking coffee and Ross is about to enter

**Phoebe:** *(spotting Ross)* Hey, you!

**Ross:** Hey!

**Phoebe:** Hey, how was class?

**Ross:** No one ever asked me that, what's wrong?

**Phoebe:** Nothing, I really wanna know.

**Ross:** Oh… *(He looks positively surprised)* Well, uhm, there was actually a rather [[Friends-词汇总表#lively\|lively]] discussion about the Pleistocene…

**Phoebe:** *(interrupting)* Alright, nothing is worth this. Uhm, I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#confession\|confession]] to make… uhm, okay, you know, that girl that [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugged]] you when you were a kid…

**Ross:** *(disbelieving)* Wh-What are you talking about? It wasn't a girl. It was this huge dude.

**Phoebe:** You don't have to lie anymore, Ross, I know that it was a [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]] year-old girl.

**Ross:** No, it wasn't.

**Phoebe:** Yes, it was.

**Ross:** No, it wasn't. You don't think I would've [[Friends-词汇总表#defend\|defended]] myself against a [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]] year-old…

**Phoebe:** *(interrupting, pinching his year)* "Gimme your money, [[Friends-词汇总表#punk\|punk]]!"

**Ross:** *(shocked)* Oh my god, it was you! I can't believe it, you… you [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugged]] me?

**Phoebe:** *(apologetic)* Yeah, and I'm so, so sorry, Ross, I'm sorry, but, you know, if you think about it, it's kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]]. *(She smiles at him, but he doesn't understand)* I mean, well, it's just that I I've always felt kinda like an [[Friends-词汇总表#outsider\|outsider]], you know, the rest of you have these connections that go way back and, you know, now, you and I have… have a great one!

**Ross:** It's not the best!

**Phoebe:** I know, I'm sorry, please [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] me. I don't know what to say…

**Ross:** *(indignant)* There's nothing you can say. That was the most [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliating]] thing that ever happened to me.

**Phoebe:** Really? Even more [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliating]] than…

**Ross:** *(interrupting)* Hey, let's not do this!

*(He picks up his briefcase and walks out of the door, leaving Phoebe behind)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's new workplace, we are witnessing a presentation of a fellow intern

**Intern:** … and then, at the end of the commercial, the girls get out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#hut\|hut]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tub\|tub]] and start making out with each other!

**Boss:** *(ironic)* That's interesting! Just one thought: You didn't [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]. Who's next? *(Chandler raises his hand)* Chander…

**Chandler:** Okay… *(He stands up)* You start on the image of a guy putting on the [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]. He's about my age…

**Intern:** *(snorting)* Your age?

**Chandler:** A-huh. So he's [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|rolling]] down the street and he starts to lose control, you know… maybe he falls… maybe hurts himself. Just then, a kid comes [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] by wearing the [[Friends-词汇总表#shoe\|shoes]]. He jumps over the old guy and laughs, and the line reads: "Not [[Friends-词汇总表#suitable\|suitable]] for adults!"

**Boss:** Chandler, that's great!

**Chandler:** Oh, thank you, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]]… or man-who's-two-years-[[Friends-词汇总表#younger\|younger]]-than-me *(He sits down again)*

**Boss:** You see? That has a clear selling point. It [[Friends-词汇总表#appeal\|appeals]] to our key [[Friends-词汇总表#demographic\|demographic]], it's…. *(enthusiastic)* You did you come up with that?

**Chandler:** *(over-enthusiastic)* I don't know, I don' I don' know! I was just trying to get into a young [[Friends-词汇总表#mindset\|mindset]], you know, and it just started to flow.

**Boss:** That is great. Good work! Chandler. Thank you.

**Boss:** See all of you tomorrow. *(He leaves)*

*(Chandler stands up and walks out the room with a cane)*

**Chandler:** The cold weather hurts my [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Ross sits in a chair as Phoebe enters

**Phoebe:** Hey, Ross! *(He lowers his newspaper and scowls at her)* I know you're still mad at me, but can I just talk to you for a second?

**Ross:** Sure, go [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]]. Whoops, sorry, sure, go ahead. *(He raises his hands as if being mugged)*

**Phoebe:** I just really wanted to [[Friends-词汇总表#apologize\|apologize]] again and… and also show you something I think you'll find very exciting.

*(She puts a box on her lap, labelled "crap from the street")*

**Ross:** *(faking enthusiasm)* Oh my god, [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] from the street? *(She smiles excitedly, but Ross just turns back to his newspaper)*

**Phoebe:** Look, Ross, in this box are all the things I got from [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugging]] that I thought were too special to sell… or [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]]. *(Ross looks at her in astonishment)* Anyway, I was looking through it and I found "Science Boy" *(She holds up some sheets of paper and hands them to Ross)*

**Ross:** Oh my god. *(He sighs)* I never thought I'd see this again. *(He browses trough the pages)* It's all here. What made you save it all these years?

**Phoebe:** I can't say, I just thought it was really good… and… maybe would be worth something some day.

**Ross:** You really thought "Science Boy" was worth saving!

**Phoebe:** Yeah… but you should know, I also have a [[Friends-词汇总表#jar\|jar]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#vaseline\|vaseline]] and a cat [[Friends-词汇总表#skull\|skull]] in here.

**Ross:** Still… this is amazing… Oh my god, thank you, Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** You're welcome. And thank you for "Science Boy". I learned a lot from him

**Ross:** You're welcome.


> [!scene] Scene: Audition room, Joey and Lennart are rehearsing

**Joey:** *(hoping frantically on the spot, screaming)* "I need an answer!"

**Lennart:** "I-I-I can't tell you somethin' I don't know."

**Joey:** "You know!"

**Lennart:** "I don't know!"

**Joey:** "I need an answer now!"

**Lennart:** "Alright, here, you want an answer… the answer… is…"

*(He pauses while Joey struggles to avoid wetting his pants)*

**Joey:** *(screaming)* Oh!

**Lennart:** "She never loved me, she only loved you."

**Joey:** "You knew this all along and you never told me? You never told me? I can never [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] you, I can never forgive myself, I have nothing to live for – Bang – End Scene!"

**Lennart:** Absolutely amazing! *(The producers applaud Joey)* The part is yours.

**Joey:** *(in pain)* Oh thanks, thanks! Now, I really have to get…

**Lennart:** Wa-wa-wa-wait! Congratulations! You did it! You did it! *(He hugs Joey)* You can relax now. Yeah.

*(Joey relaxes and wets his pants while hugging Lennart)*


---

**Closing Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, Monica sits at the table reading the mail

**Monica:** Wow, that's a big cable bill! Huh, you don't have a job, but you have no problem ordering porn… on a Saturday [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]]?! *(shocked)* I was in the house!

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey, uhm, Phoebe didn't by any chance [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] that…

**Monica:** … that she was the huge guy that [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mugged]] you? Yah.

**Ross:** I see. You didn't happen to tell…

**Monica:** … everybody we know? Yeah.

**Ross:** Great. Thanks! *(He leaves)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（37）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *Guys, guys, I've got great news! Guess what…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 3 | 162 | 106 | *Yeah, he's done some amazing works.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 3 | 66 | 56 | *Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "sk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 3 | 217 | 128 | *Well, anyway, it was a good thing Phoebe knew the knew him, because  I was about to do some serious * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 3 | 211 | 141 | *Well, Ross was mugged as a kid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously, you're an intern?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *"What the hell are you still doing here"?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 2 | 235 | 141 | *I'm sorry, sorry. You're not supposed to say "long pause"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Hey! I-I-I don't care if he's hot, you know. If you want to sleep with him, do it on your own time. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 2 | 92 | 67 | *O-ok. Just relax, Phoene, just stay calm. . Oh my god, I can't find my wallet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *What happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "sk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 2 | 142 | 105 | *Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a flying pony… I had a hard li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know… maybe he falls… mayb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *Oh, honey, that's incredible!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Where's Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day.  ... and I smelled bacon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Where's Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day.  ... and I smelled bacon.* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *This is Joey Tribbiani. Joey, these are the producers and, as you probably already know, this is Len* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Peeeeeooooooooch  "Hang up that phone!" One take!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Hey, do you wanna go to dinner tonight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 1 | 84 | 53 | *Oh, I hear divorce bells.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Alright, lady, now give me your purse!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, Ross, old friends catching up…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Excuse me, Ross, old friends catching up…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Ah, come on, sneakers are easy. You wear sneakers all the time.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "sk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a flying pony… I had a hard li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *I know, I'm sorry, but can I just have a quick second to run to the bathroom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Okay, first of all, that's stupid and second of all, I'm not allowed to talk to Ralph.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *You don't have to lie anymore, Ross, I know that it was a fourteen year-old girl.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know… maybe he falls… mayb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know… maybe he falls… mayb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *Hey, Ross!  I know you're still mad at me, but can I just talk to you for a second?* |

### 常用词（61）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 10 | 165 | 26 | *Uhm, it's USA, sir.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humiliate\|humiliate]] | /hju:'milieit/ | vt. 使丢脸, 使蒙羞, 屈辱 | v. cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of | 4 | 15 | 11 | *Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#audition\|audition]] | /ɒ:'diʃәn/ | n. 听, 听力, 试听 | n. a test of the suitability of a performer | 4 | 87 | 38 | *Your agent called. You got that audition.* |
| gim |  | abbr. Glass Insulation Material 玻璃绝缘材料 | a. Neat; spruce. | 3 | 33 | 20 | ** |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forgive\|forgive]] | /fә'giv/ | vt. 原谅, 宽恕, 免除 | v. stop blaming or grant forgiveness | 3 | 33 | 22 | *I know, I'm sorry, please forgive me. I don't know what to say…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] | /'mʌŋki/ | n. 猴子, 猿, 打桩锤 | n. any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians) | 2 | 86 | 23 | *I know. When the monkey hits him in the face with that giant rubber phone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 2 | 70 | 43 | *Can I get you a cup of coffee, Sir?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 2 | 27 | 24 | *"Bastard"!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]] | /pɒ:z/ | n. 暂停, 中止, 停顿, 间歇, 踌躇, 休止符 | n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something | 2 | 14 | 10 | *"I can't. Oh, I want to, long pause, but I can't."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afternoon\|afternoon]] | /'ɑ:ftә'nu:n/ | n. 午后, 下午 | n. the part of the day between noon and evening | 2 | 27 | 24 | *Well, they wanna see me again this afternoon, but, err, well, Lennart Haze did not like me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 2 | 56 | 42 | *Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "sk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 2 | 51 | 39 | *Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a flying pony… I had a hard li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 2 | 53 | 42 | *Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good * |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 2 | 59 | 18 | *You know what… these aren't half-bad!  You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 2 | 35 | 33 | *That's interesting! Just one thought: You didn't mention the shoes. Who's next?  Chander…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ahead\|ahead]] | /ә'hed/ | a. 领先的, 预先的, 向前的 | s. having the leading position or higher score in a contest | 2 | 50 | 40 | *Sure, go ahead. Whoops, sorry, sure, go ahead.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 1 | 118 | 49 | *Uh, ah, Monica's pregnant?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gosh\|gosh]] | /gɒʃ/ | interj. 唉, 天啊, 天哪 |  | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Gosh, what's the pay like?  Oh, come on people…  come on, now, if I don't know who makes the most, h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stink\|stink]] | /stiŋk/ | n. 臭味, 臭气 | v. be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance | 1 | 20 | 15 | *Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Ross, you did not come up with "got milk?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#giant\|giant]] | /'dʒaiәnt/ | n. 巨人, 大力士, 巨大怪物 | n. any creature of exceptional size | 1 | 36 | 27 | *I know. When the monkey hits him in the face with that giant rubber phone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nervous\|nervous]] | /'nә:vәs/ | a. 神经紧张的, 不安的, 神经的 | s. easily agitated | 1 | 55 | 42 | *Don't make me more nervous than I already am!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *Oh, no, no, I'm an intern, just like you guys… except for the tie, the briefcase… and the fact that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 1 | 29 | 19 | *You making fun of me? Because I am not a sell-out.  I didn't do that for the money, I believe in tho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honestly\|honestly]] | /'ɒnistli/ | adv. 真诚地, 公正地 | r. (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the ca | 1 | 11 | 10 | *No, I-I-I wasn't making fun of you, honestly, I-I think you were great in those commercials.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Are you kiddin'? When they shoot you out of that cannon…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *No. Thank you so much for coming in. We appreciate it, thank you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accent\|accent]] | /'æksәnt/ | n. 重音, 口音, 特点, 注重点 | n. distinctive manner of oral expression | 1 | 21 | 11 | *Ah, y-y-you're sure you don't want me to do it again? I could do it with an accent, you know, Southe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insist\|insist]] | /in'sist/ | v. 坚持, 坚决主张, 强调 | v. be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge | 1 | 12 | 10 | *Hey! I-I-I don't care if he's hot, you know. If you want to sleep with him, do it on your own time. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whisper\|whisper]] | /'hwispә/ | n. 耳语, 密谈, 谣传, 沙沙声 | n. speaking softly without vibration of the vocal cords | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Ah, hi, ah. Thank you so much for whispering for my benefit, but, ah, look, if you just tell me what* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] | /daut/ | n. 怀疑, 疑惑 | n. the state of being unsure of something | 1 | 17 | 14 | *I really doubt that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waitress\|waitress]] | /'weitris/ | n. 女侍者, 女服务员 | n. a woman waiter | 1 | 35 | 21 | *Oh, I can't. I've got a date with that waitress, Katy, yeah, I know we've been only going out like t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twice\|twice]] | /twais/ | adv. 两次, 两倍 | r. two times | 1 | 38 | 33 | *Oh, I can't. I've got a date with that waitress, Katy, yeah, I know we've been only going out like t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Oh, I hear divorce bells.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gun\|gun]] | /gʌn/ | n. 枪 | n. a weapon that discharges a missile at high velocity (especially from a metal  | 1 | 22 | 16 | *I have a gun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#calm\|calm]] | /kɑ:m/ | n. 平稳, 风平浪静 | v. make calm or still | 1 | 55 | 42 | *O-ok. Just relax, Phoene, just stay calm. . Oh my god, I can't find my wallet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Alright, lady, now give me your purse!* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 1 | 49 | 29 | *What do you mean "no"? I knew you'd be my death, Phoebe Buffay.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Yeah, a real pleasure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 1 | 80 | 46 | *Ough, I know, but I quit smoking!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 1 | 69 | 27 | *Ough, I know, but I quit smoking!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#childhood\|childhood]] | /'tʃaildhud/ | n. 孩童时期 | n. the time of person's life when they are a child | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "sk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *Well, I'm not proud of it, but, you know… sometimes when I was living on the street and I needed mon* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awful\|awful]] | /'ɒ:ful/ | a. 可怕的, 庄严的, 虔敬的 | s. causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Phoebe, that is awful!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#herself\|herself]] | /hә:'self/ | pron. 她自己, 她亲自 | pron. An emphasized form of the third person feminine | 1 | 27 | 23 | *You're mother killed herself!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics… you know, I-I-I was just there mindi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nowhere\|nowhere]] | /'nәuhwєә/ | adv. 无处, 到处都无 | n. an insignificant place | 1 | 15 | 15 | *Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 1 | 58 | 45 | *I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *Well, a pipe was my weapon of choice and, uhm, pre-teen comic book nerds were my meat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 1 | 86 | 49 | *"Oh, you sick bastard!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Yes. Plus… what you've got that… I don't know what you've got going… this squirmy quality that you b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *Look at that: still in character, I like it… I plant seeds I can't explain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#younger\|younger]] | /'jʌŋgә/ | n. 年纪较小者 | s. used of the younger of two persons of the same name especially used to distin | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Putting on the sneakers… thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anyt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *Yes, how's this: They're so uncomfortable it's like getting kicked in the nuts for your feet!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nut\|nut]] | /nʌt/ | n. 坚果, 核心, 螺帽 | n. usually large hard-shelled seed | 1 | 42 | 30 | *Yes, how's this: They're so uncomfortable it's like getting kicked in the nuts for your feet!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1 | 38 | 20 | *Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good * |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 1 | 49 | 20 | *You know what… these aren't half-bad!  You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neat\|neat]] | /ni:t/ | a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的 | s. clean or organized | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Yeah, and I'm so, so sorry, Ross, I'm sorry, but, you know, if you think about it, it's kinda neat. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hut\|hut]] | /hʌt/ | n. 小屋, 茅舍, 临时军营 | n. temporary military shelter | 1 | 13 | 10 | *… and then, at the end of the commercial, the girls get out of the hut tub and start making out with* |

### 低频词（85）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mug\|mug]] | /mʌg/ | n. 有柄大杯, 脸, 苦读者 | n. the quantity that can be held in a mug | 6 | 14 | 7 | *Hey, you'll never guess what just happened… Phoebe and I got mugged!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lennart\|lennart]] |  | n. (Lennart)人名；(芬、瑞典、爱沙)伦纳特 |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *With Lennart Haze?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haze\|haze]] | /heiz/ | n. 薄雾, 阴霾, 疑惑 | n. atmospheric moisture or dust or smoke that causes reduced visibility | 4 | 4 | 1 | *With Lennart Haze?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yah\|yah]] | /jɑ:/ | interj. (表示嘲笑、厌恶的)唷 |  | 4 | 8 | 4 | *Oh, yah, sure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sneaker\|sneaker]] | /'sni:kә/ | n. 鬼鬼祟祟做事的人, 卑鄙者, 帆布胶底运动鞋 | n a canvas shoe with a pliable rubber sole | 4 | 5 | 2 | *They're these prototype sneakers and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lowell\|lowell]] | /'lәuәl/ | n. 洛厄尔（男子名, 等于Lovell） | n. United States poet (1917-1977) | 3 | 7 | 2 | *Lowell, is that you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intern\|intern]] | /in'tә:n/ | n. 实习生, 被拘留者 | n. an advanced student or graduate in medicine gaining supervised practical expe | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, that's cool. We have interns at 'Days Of Our Lives'.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horizontal\|horizontal]] | /.hɒri'zɒntәl/ | n. 水平线, 水平面, 水平位置 | n. something that is oriented horizontally | 2 | 2 | 1 | *No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vertical\|vertical]] | /'vә:tikl/ | a. 垂直的, 直立的 | n. something that is oriented vertically | 2 | 2 | 1 | *No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mugger\|mugger]] | /'mʌgә/ | n. 泽鳄 | n. a robber who takes property by threatening or performing violence on the pers | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Yah, because Phoebe knew the mugger!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marc\|marc]] | /mɑ:k/ | n. 榨渣 | n. made from residue of grapes or apples after pressing | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics… you know, I-I-I was just there mindi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pipe\|pipe]] | /paip/ | n. 管, 导管, 输送管, 管状器官, 声带, 尖细的声音, 烟斗, 笛, 管乐器 | n. a tube with a small bowl at one end; used for smoking tobacco | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punk\|punk]] | /pʌnk/ | n. 废物, 小阿飞 | n. substance that smolders when ignited; used to light fuses (especially firewor | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#backpack\|backpack]] | /'bækpæk/ | n. 远足用的背包；双肩背包, 背包 | n. a bag carried by a strap on your back or shoulder | 2 | 10 | 4 | *I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comic\|comic]] | /'kɒmik/ | n. 连环漫画, 喜剧演员, 滑稽的人 | a. of or relating to or characteristic of comedy | 2 | 9 | 6 | *I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mindset\|mindset]] |  | n. 心态；倾向；习惯；精神状态 | n a habitual or characteristic mental attitude that determines how you will inte | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Putting on the sneakers… thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anyt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]] | /hip/ | n. 臀部, 蔷薇果, 忧郁 | n. either side of the body below the waist and above the thigh | 2 | 12 | 9 | *Yah, I think I broke my hip.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fourteen\|fourteen]] | /'fɒ:'ti:n/ | num. 十四, 十四个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of thirteen and one | 2 | 11 | 8 | *You don't have to lie anymore, Ross, I know that it was a fourteen year-old girl.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#internship\|internship]] | /'intә:nʃip/ | n. 实习医师的职务 | n. the position of a medical intern | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Actually, it pays nothing. It's an internship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#noble\|noble]] | /'nәubl/ | n. 贵族 | a. of or belonging to or constituting the hereditary aristocracy especially as d | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Humiliating and noble!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bacon\|bacon]] | /'beikәn/ | n. 熏猪肉 | n. back and sides of a hog salted and dried or smoked; usually sliced thin and f | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Where's Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day.  ... and I smelled bacon.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underneath\|underneath]] | /.ʌndә'ni:θ/ | adv. 在下面 | r. on the lower or downward side; on the underside of | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh my god, that is great! That is *** for a play on broadway… and in a real theatre, not that little* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dally\|dally]] | /'dæli/ | vi. 戏耍, 玩弄, 闲混 | v. behave carelessly or indifferently | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my god, that is great! That is *** for a play on broadway… and in a real theatre, not that little* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#singe\|singe]] | /sindʒ/ | v. 烧焦, 烤焦 | v. burn superficially or lightly | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, it must be, because I read and I didn't understand a singe word.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macbeth\|macbeth]] | /mәk'beθ/ | n. 麦克佩斯 | n. king of Scotland (died in 1057) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *He was so good in that movie of MacBeth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#preview\|preview]] | /'pri:vju:/ | n. 事先查看, 预览 | n. an advertisement consisting of short scenes from a motion picture that will a | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, but… I saw the previews. They played it right before Jackass. Rachel and Joey:  Ah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jackass\|jackass]] | /'dʒækæs/ | n. 公驴, 愚蠢的人, 傻瓜 | n a man who is a stupid incompetent fool | 1 | 5 | 5 | *No, but… I saw the previews. They played it right before Jackass. Rachel and Joey:  Ah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] | /'rʌbә/ | n. 橡皮, 橡胶, 做摩擦动作的人, 按摩师, 决胜盘 | n. an elastic material obtained from the latex sap of trees (especially trees of | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I know. When the monkey hits him in the face with that giant rubber phone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comedian\|comedian]] | /kә'mi:djәn/ | n. 喜剧演员 | n. a professional performer who tells jokes and performs comical acts | 1 | 5 | 2 | *The comedian? USO?!* |
| uso |  | abbr. （美国）劳军联合组织（United Service Organizations, 等于U.S.O.） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *The comedian? USO?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#producer\|producer]] | /prә'dju:sә/ | n. 生产者, 制作者, 制作人 | n. someone who finds financing for and supervises the making and presentation of | 1 | 7 | 6 | *This is Joey Tribbiani. Joey, these are the producers and, as you probably already know, this is Len* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bless\|bless]] | /bles/ | vt. 祝福, 祈佑, 使神圣化 | v. give a benediction to | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Well, I've… I've been blessed with a… a lot of great roles.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unlimited\|unlimited]] | /.ʌn'limitid/ | a. 无限的, 不受限制的, 无条件的 | a. having no limits in range or scope | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Tell me about it! "Unlimited nights and weekends!"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#credibility\|credibility]] | /.kredi'biliti/ | n. 可信用, 确实性, 可靠 | n. the quality of being believable or trustworthy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I do bring a certain credibility to the role.* |
| kiddin |  | [网络] 七彩汤圆 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Are you kiddin'? When they shoot you out of that cannon…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#entrance\|entrance]] | /'entrәns/ | n. 入口, 进入点, 入场, 入学, 进入, 开始(阶段), 就任 | n. something that provides access (to get in or get out) | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Top of act two. This is my entrance. You got it?* |
| maaan |  | [网络] 马 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ah, y-y-you're sure you don't want me to do it again? I could do it with an accent, you know, Southe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heaven\|heaven]] | /'hevn/ | n. 天堂, 上帝, 天空 | n. the abode of God and the angels | 1 | 10 | 7 | *My god in heaven.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#urgency\|urgency]] | /'ә:dʒәnsi/ | n. 紧急, 催促 | n. the state of being urgent; an earnest and insistent necessity | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#struggle\|struggle]] | /'strʌgl/ | n. 斗争, 努力, 奋斗 | n. an energetic attempt to achieve something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explore\|explore]] | /ik'splɒ:/ | v. 探险, 探测, 探究 | v. travel to or penetrate into | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene* |
| katy |  | n. 凯蒂（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I can't. I've got a date with that waitress, Katy, yeah, I know we've been only going out like t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]] | /'wɒlit/ | n. 皮夹 | n. a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Alright. Just give me your wallets and there won't be a problem.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ough\|ough]] | /әu/ | n. 咳嗽；表示厌恶或痛苦的叫声 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ough, I know, but I quit smoking!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#urgent\|urgent]] | /'ә:dʒәnt/ | a. 紧急的, 急迫的, 催逼的 | s compelling immediate action | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Well, he said I wasn't urgent enough, you know, and that everything I did was horizontal and I shoul* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#compete\|compete]] | /kәm'pi:t/ | vi. 竞争, 对抗 | v. compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I am so much older than these other interns. I can't compete with them.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prototype\|prototype]] | /'prәutәtaip/ | n. 原型 | n. a standard or typical example | 1 | 3 | 3 | *They're these prototype sneakers and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skid\|skid]] | /skid/ | vt. 刹住, 滚滑 | n. one of a pair of planks used to make a track for rolling or sliding objects | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "sk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wheel\|wheel]] | /hwi:l/ | n. 轮子, 车轮, 轮, 方向盘, 旋转, 机构, 重要人物 | n. a simple machine consisting of a circular frame with spokes (or a solid disc) | 1 | 16 | 7 | *Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "sk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obesity\|obesity]] | /әu'bi:siti/ | n. 肥胖 | n more than average fatness | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "sk* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knocker\|knocker]] | /'nɒkә/ | n. 敲击者(或物), 敲门者, 门环 | n. (Yiddish) a big shot who knows it and acts that way; a boastful immoderate pe | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, have you considered using a girl with huge knockers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dealer\|dealer]] | /'di:lә/ | n. 经销商, 商人 | n. a firm engaged in trading | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a flying pony… I had a hard li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#traumatic\|traumatic]] | /trɒ:'mætik/ | a. 外伤的, 创伤的 | a. of or relating to a physical injury or wound to the body | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics… you know, I-I-I was just there mindi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spiderman\|spiderman]] | /'spaidәmæn/ | n. <主英>高空作业的建筑工人 |  | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics… you know, I-I-I was just there mindi* |
| wonderwoman |  | [网络] 神奇女侠；神力女超人；完美的女人 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wonderwoman!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bakery\|bakery]] | /'beikәri/ | n. 面包店 | n. a workplace where baked goods (breads and cakes and pastries) are produced or | 1 | 9 | 6 | *Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dozen\|dozen]] | /'dʌzn/ | n. 打, 十二个 | n the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for s* |
| linzer |  | [网络] 林兹；林茨；林兹派 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tort\|tort]] | /tɒ:t/ | n. 民事侵权行为 | n. (law) any wrongdoing for which an action for damages may be brought | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thug\|thug]] | /θʌg/ | n. 恶棍, 刺客, 凶手 | n an aggressive and violent young criminal | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#artwork\|artwork]] | /'ɑ:twә:k/ | n. 插图, 艺术作品 | n. photographs or other visual representations in a printed publication | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#superpower\|superpower]] | /.sju:pә'pauә/ | n. 超级强权, 超级大国 | n a state powerful enough to influence events throughout the world | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh yeah! What was his superpower again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#superhuman\|superhuman]] | /.sju:pә'hju:mәn/ | a. 超人的, 人类能力所不能及的 | a. above or beyond the human or demanding more than human power or endurance | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A superhuman thirst for knowledge.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thirst\|thirst]] | /θә:st/ | n. 口渴, 渴望 | n. a physiological need to drink | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A superhuman thirst for knowledge.* |
| jane | /dʒein/ | n. 简（女子名） | n. A coin of Genoa; any small coin. | 1 | 12 | 5 | *No… actually, you might wanna stay away from Jane street… that's where stabby Joe works.* |
| stabby |  | [网络] 辛苦 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No… actually, you might wanna stay away from Jane street… that's where stabby Joe works.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]] | /'wepәn/ | n. 武器, 兵器 | n. any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Well, a pipe was my weapon of choice and, uhm, pre-teen comic book nerds were my meat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nerd\|nerd]] | /nә:d/ | n. 讨厌的人；呆子 | n. an intelligent but single-minded expert in a particular technical field or pr | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, a pipe was my weapon of choice and, uhm, pre-teen comic book nerds were my meat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sticker\|sticker]] | /'stikә/ | n. 屠夫, 尖刀, 刺, 芒, 尖物, 携带尖刀者, 张贴物, 滞销品, (非正式)难题 | n a small sharp-pointed tip resembling a spike on a stem or leaf | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, there was this one kid who had a sticker on his backpack that said- Phoebe and Monica: "Geolog* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#geology\|geology]] | /dʒi'ɒlәdʒi/ | n. 地质学, 地质情况 | n. a science that deals with the history of the earth as recorded in rocks | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, there was this one kid who had a sticker on his backpack that said- Phoebe and Monica: "Geolog* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burst\|burst]] | /bә:st/ | n. 破裂, 突发, 爆发 | n. a sudden flurry of activity (often for no obvious reason) | 1 | 5 | 5 | *But I'm bursting with u-hu!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#squirmy\|squirmy]] | /'skә:mi/ | a. 蠕动的 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yes. Plus… what you've got that… I don't know what you've got going… this squirmy quality that you b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#callback\|callback]] | /'kɒ:lbæk/ | n. 收回 | n a request by the manufacturer of a defective product to return the product (as | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Yes. Plus… what you've got that… I don't know what you've got going… this squirmy quality that you b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seed\|seed]] | /si:d/ | n. 种子, 籽, 萌芽, 子孙, 精液 | n. a small hard fruit | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Look at that: still in character, I like it… I plant seeds I can't explain.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spark\|spark]] | /spɑ:k/ | n. 火花, 火星, 闪光, 无线电报务员, 瞬间放电, 活力, 朝气, 花花公子, 情郎 | n. a small but noticeable trace of some quality that might become stronger | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Putting on the sneakers… thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anyt* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nog\|nog]] | /nɒg/ | n. 木钉, 根株, 支架 | n. a wooden block built into a masonry wall so that joinery structure can be nai | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#formula\|formula]] | /'fɒ:mjulә/ | n. 客套语, 公式, 准则 | n. a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Joey, that was formula.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lively\|lively]] | /'laivli/ | a. 活泼的, 鲜明的, 生动的 | a. full of life and energy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh…  Well, uhm, there was actually a rather lively discussion about the Pleistocene…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confession\|confession]] | /kәn'feʃәn/ | n. 承认, 坦白, 招供 | n. an admission of misdeeds or faults | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Alright, nothing is worth this. Uhm, I have a confession to make… uhm, okay, you know, that girl tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#defend\|defend]] | /di'fend/ | vt. 防护, 辩护, 防卫 | v. argue or speak in defense of | 1 | 8 | 8 | *No, it wasn't. You don't think I would've defended myself against a fourteen year-old…* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outsider\|outsider]] | /' aut'saidә/ | n. 外人, 局外人, 非会员, 外行, 门外汉, 比赛中获胜可能性不大的选手 | n. a contestant (human or animal) not considered to have a good chance to win | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, and I'm so, so sorry, Ross, I'm sorry, but, you know, if you think about it, it's kinda neat. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tub\|tub]] | /tʌb/ | n. 桶, 浴盆 | n. a large open vessel for holding or storing liquids | 1 | 7 | 7 | *… and then, at the end of the commercial, the girls get out of the hut tub and start making out with* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suitable\|suitable]] | /'sju:tәbl/ | a. 适当的, 相配的 | s. meant or adapted for an occasion or use | 1 | 1 | 1 | *A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know… maybe he falls… mayb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appeal\|appeal]] | /ә'pi:l/ | n. 恳求, 诉请, 上诉, 吸引力 | n. attractiveness that interests or pleases or stimulates | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You see? That has a clear selling point. It appeals to our key demographic, it's….  You did you come* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#demographic\|demographic]] | /.demә'græfik/ | a. 人口统计的 | n. a statistic characterizing human populations (or segments of human population | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You see? That has a clear selling point. It appeals to our key demographic, it's….  You did you come* |
