---
season: 9
episode: "13"
title: "913 - The One Where Monica Sings"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E13 — 913 - The One Where Monica Sings

**Aired:** 30/01/2003

*Written by: Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen Plummer*

*Teleplay by: Steven Rosenhaus*

*(sebapop@libero.it)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Ross:** Yeah! Yeah! OK! Sure! Look! Can we...can we talk about what happened here last night?

**Chandler:** Sure! Just give me a second to get all [[Friends-词汇总表#huffy\|huffy]] and weird like you! Do you believe that who ever did something over here last night did what they did or didn't do ...I mean come on!!

**Ross:** OK you...you really don't know what I am talking about?

**Chandler:** No!

**Ross:** OK! Last night after the party I saw Rachel kissing that [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] from her office out on your [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]].

**Chandler:** Our [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]]? Seriously? That's so funny because I told Monica we should put lights on our balcony. And she said "No, no. It's too cold, nobody will go out there." And I said "Maybe if we put some light out there they will"

**Ross:** Right that's why I came over to talk about. Hum...I saw Rachel kissing some guy on your [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]], even though there were NO LIGHTS !

**Chandler:** So are you gonna...talk to her?

**Ross:** Why...Why should I? I mean if she wants to move on, that's fine!

**Chandler:** You know when "That's fine" sounds true when someone [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yells]] it and [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spits]]!

**Ross:** No I'm serious. I mean she wants to date people? Fine! I don't care but...at least she could have told me. You know I...I've been putting my life on hold and just [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrating]] on Emma but if she wants to go out there kissing guys she [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] knows, then so will I ! Very funny! Ross is gay! Ah! Ah!

**Chandler:** No no no. Good. So you're moving on? Do you have any idea where you're moving?

**Ross:** I don't know. I mean I have [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] of opportunity. Just just now there were some women at the coffee house [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiled]] at me. And then the other day on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] a woman "[[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]]" sat on my hand.

**Chandler:** Dude, don't [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] my face in your crazy single life!

**Ross:** Well, and how about this? There is an [[Friends-词汇总表#anthropologist\|anthropologist]] at school who totally came on to me during the inter-departmental Potluck dinner.

**Chandler:** Why did I get married?!


> [!scene] Opening Credits


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Joey:** Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new [[Friends-词汇总表#headshot\|headshot]] taken tomorrow right and the [[Friends-词汇总表#photographer\|photographer]] said she thinks I should have my [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrows]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wax\|waxed]]. Is that weird for a guy?

**Phoebe:** Well it [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depends]].

**Joey:** On...?

**Phoebe:** On how far along he's in the sex change process!

**Monica:** No I totally [[Friends-词汇总表#disagree\|disagree]]. No I think it's fine for a guy to do something like that. Such you an actor. Not that you need to, your [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrows]] are...

**Joey:** Ok! Stop it you guys! Stop staring! You're freaking me out!

**Phoebe:** Your [[Friends-词汇总表#knuckle\|knuckles]] are kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#hairy\|hairy]] too...

**Joey:** Oh man! I have to get those done too?!

**Phoebe:** Wow! Talking about high maintenance

**Joey:** Hey hey! You [[Friends-词汇总表#dye\|dye]] your hair!

**Phoebe:** I'm a woman!

**Joey:** Arghhh! Double standards!

**Phoebe:** Oh before I forget, are you coming to Mike's [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]] bar tonight?

**Monica:** Only if I don't have to get up and [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]].

**Phoebe:** But everybody [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sings]]. It's so much fun! Last time this [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]] old man got out there, forgot all of the words, [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flipped]] out and everyone [[Friends-词汇总表#boo\|booed]] him off the stage. So funny.

**Monica:** It's just, I'm not good at [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]].

**Phoebe:** Oh! What's the matter? Are you scared? You're afraid I'm a better [[Friends-词汇总表#singer\|singer]]? You're afraid I'm gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] you at [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]]?

**Monica:** No no, it's not working on me. Wow! I must be growing up!

**Phoebe:** OK fine! Please come and support Mike. You don't have to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]].

**Monica:** So I don't have to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] and I can just sit there and pass [[Friends-词汇总表#judgment\|judgments]] on others?

**Phoebe:** While drinking...

**Monica:** I'm there!

**Rachel:** Hi guys! Listen I really need your help. I think I did something really stupid.

**Phoebe:** Well yes Rachel but you got something so beautiful out there

**Rachel:** No not that. I kissed Gavin last night.

**Phoebe:** Oh my god.

**Monica:** You kissed him?

**Rachel:** Yeah. It was after the party, we were on the [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]] and...

**Monica:** Wait wait wait. I was at home the whole time. How did I missed that?

**Phoebe:** It was the end of the party, you were probably ironing [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrapping]] paper.

**Monica:** Oh yeah...So how did you end up kissing?

**Rachel:** You know we were all alone and he was being really nice to me and, oh and he gave me this [[Friends-词汇总表#scarf\|scarf]]...

**Monica:** I thought you hated him?

**Rachel:** You know honey, there is a [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] line between love and hate, and it turns out that line...is a [[Friends-词汇总表#scarf\|scarf]]!

**Monica:** So are you thinking of starting up something with this guy?

**Rachel:** I don't know. It's so [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]]. I work with this guy, you know, I have the baby, and I have Ross, and I just...I don't know what to do and I have to be at the office and see Gavin in ten minutes.

**Monica:** Sounds like you need to think about what you want, talk to Gavin, and you definitely should talk to Ross

**Rachel:** Or...I could call in [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] and not deal with it at all...

**Phoebe:** Wow! Five-month [[Friends-词汇总表#maternity\|maternity]] leave, you're back for four days, kiss a co-[[Friends-词汇总表#worker\|worker]], call in [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]], they are lucky to have you!!


> [!scene] Scene: Beauty salon] Salon girl: Hi

**Joey:** Hey. I'm here for my [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrow]] [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]]. Salon girl: Name?

**Joey:** Chandler Bing. Salon girl: Ok. Very good. Have a seat right over here Mr. Bing and Sonia will be right with you.

**Joey:** OK Thanks.

*(Joey touches the hot wax). I touched the stuff*

**Sonia:** I'll take care of it

**Joey:** Thanks. Do you get a lot of guys in here?

**Sonia:** Oh absolutely.

**Joey:** Oh good...

**Sonia:** Are you looking to meet somebody?

**Joey:** All right let's just do this.

**Sonia:** We'll get to the [[Friends-词汇总表#wax\|wax]] in a minute. First I want to [[Friends-词汇总表#tweeze\|tweeze]] some of the [[Friends-词汇总表#stray\|strays]], ok? This may [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|sting]] just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]...

**Joey:** Please I have an [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] high [[Friends-词汇总表#threshold\|threshold]]...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I'm all right! Just a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shock]] that's all but I'll be fine you can go again. I'm OK

*(He tries to avoid the tweezers) Dammit! Woman!! How Hoooow!*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Chandler:** Hey it's the most [[Friends-词汇总表#eligible\|eligible]] man in NY. How's the moving on going?

**Ross:** Not well. I went on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] female nor wearing pants.

**Chandler:** Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male, divorced three times, two [[Friends-词汇总表#illegitimate\|illegitimate]] children. The personal ad writes itself....

**Ross:** That's funny...Do you think you'll ever work again?

**Chandler:** What are doing? You know I can only [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dish]] it out!

**Ross:** I can't believe Rachel just moved on and didn't say anything to me

**Chandler:** Maybe she didn't move on, you know...maybe that kiss was just an [[Friends-词汇总表#impulsive\|impulsive]] one-time [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] thing

**Ross:** No no, about a month ago she gave her number to some guy in a bar.

**Chandler:** Did she go out with him?

**Ross:** No. When he called, I...I threw the message away.

**Chandler:** Ah! The high road...

**Ross:** You know what? Enough! Enough talking! I have to get moving! Hey check out those two [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blondes]] over there! Hey come with me!

**Chandler:** Are you trying to get everybody divorced?

**Ross:** You don't have to do anything. It will just be [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] if it is the two of us, like college, remember? You...you break the ice with some kind of jokes so that they know you're the funny one and I [[Friends-词汇总表#swoop\|swoop]] in with some interesting [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]], so they'll see that I'm the [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]], [[Friends-词汇总表#brood\|brooding]], sexy one...

**Chandler:** I thought I had to make the jokes!

**Ross:** Don't you have to be at work?

**Chandler:** Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering you know if you're up for it. We only need six more people for a human [[Friends-词汇总表#pyramid\|pyramid]]...Swoop!! Swoop!!

**Ross:** Hum...So...[[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]]...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another [[Friends-词汇总表#flood\|flood]] in Europe? Heres a question: "Would you... would you rather [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drown]] or be [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burnt]] [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]]?" Blonde girl: Sorry...we were just leaving

**Chandler:** We still got it!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross'

**Rachel:** Who is it?

**Gavin:** Gavin! I brought you some [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]].

**Rachel:** Why?

**Gavin:** I heard you were [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]...

**Rachel:** Oh! Right! Yeah! Hold on, I'll be just clean up in here a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]]! Hello Gavin

**Gavin:** I missed you at work today. How are you [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]?

**Rachel:** I a not gonna lie to you, I'm pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]

**Gavin:** Oh! Good! Because I was having a totally [[Friends-词汇总表#paranoid\|paranoid]] moment when I thought you called in [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] to avoid me.

**Rachel:** Oh no no no

**Gavin:** So I had fun last night

**Rachel:** So did I

**Gavin:** Exactly how [[Friends-词汇总表#contagious\|contagious]] is this thing you have? I mean is it a cold for standing on the [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]] or did a [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] you?

**Rachel:** It's just a cold

**Gavin:** Do you have [[Friends-词汇总表#fever\|fever]]? Let me see. Hum...

**Rachel:** What? What's the matter?

**Gavin:** What's Ross doing to you on that picture?

**Rachel:** Oh he's [[Friends-词汇总表#dust\|dusting]] me with a [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossil]] [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]]. He thought it would be funny.

**Gavin:** Right. Right. Ross. So what's the deal with you guys? I don't want to get in the middle of anything

**Rachel:** Oh you're not. You're not gonna get in the middle of anything, don't worry about Ross really, really.

*(She hears the noise of the key in the lock) Oh! Hide! That's Ross! Hide! Hide!*

**Gavin:** Yeah! But you said not to worry about...

**Rachel:** I lied! And I'm not [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]]! Just stay behind the [[Friends-词汇总表#curtain\|curtain]]!

**Molly:** Hi!

**Rachel:** Oh! Molly! You're not Ross.

**Molly:** No I'm here to take Emma to your mother's, remember?

**Rachel:** Right, right, yes!

**Molly:** Don't [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panic]]!

**Rachel:** What?

**Molly:** There is a man behind your [[Friends-词汇总表#curtain\|curtain]]. I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#mace\|mace]] in my [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]].

**Rachel:** No! That's OK! That's OK! That's OK! No no no no! This is my business associate Gavin. He's just being [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]]. Gavin come out from behind that [[Friends-词汇总表#curtain\|curtain]]!

**Gavin:** Hi! Gavin! Please to meet you. It was my idea to stand there.

**Molly:** Hello! I just go and get Emma.

**Rachel:** OK.

**Gavin:** So [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]]...Why did I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]]?

**Rachel:** I thought it was Ross.

**Gavin:** So what if it was? I thought there was nothing going on between you two...

**Rachel:** There isn't. There is totally isn't.

**Gavin:** You hear a key in the [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] and you jump like a young [[Friends-词汇总表#bronco\|bronco]] coming out of a [[Friends-词汇总表#chute\|chute]] for the first time. I used to be a [[Friends-词汇总表#rodeo\|rodeo]] [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]].

**Rachel:** All right. Look. Gavin...I...I guess I felt [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] that you were here, which I shouldn't. You know Ross and I are not in any relationship but...he is the father of my child, and you know we do live together and plus there is just so much history...you know it's just...I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm just all over the place.

**Gavin:** It's OK. I know it's probably not my place but can I give you a piece of advice?

**Rachel:** Yes

**Gavin:** I think you should talk to Ross about all this.

**Rachel:** People keep saying that. Oh I'm sorry Gavin

**Gavin:** Don't be. It's just bad timing.

**Rachel:** So seriously...[[Friends-词汇总表#rodeo\|rodeo]] [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]]?

**Gavin:** One of the best, ma'am, one of the best...


> [!scene] Scene: Mike's piano bar

**Phoebe:** "No time for [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|losers]], 'cause we are the [[Friends-词汇总表#champion\|champions]] of the world...!" Thank you!

*(Mike kisses Phoebe)*

**Mike:** Oh she's my girlfriend. That's not just how we do it here. I got to get a break and when we come back we've got Kenneth [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] "I touch myself"...I'm not here to [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]]!

**Phoebe:** Hi hi...Oh you have got to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]].

**Monica:** No I told you I can't.

**Phoebe:** But you would have so much fun and you have a really nice voice.

**Monica:** What have you heard me [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]]?

**Phoebe:** All the time when you're [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cooking]].

**Monica:** What?

**Phoebe:** Yeah you're always [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] "Yummy [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]] yummy, I've got love in my [[Friends-词汇总表#tummy\|tummy]]"

**Monica:** Yeah I do rock that one.

**Phoebe:** OK so isn't there a little part of you that wants to get up there?

**Monica:** Just a little but...it's just so [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]]! I don't even know what I would [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]]...

**Mike:** Well I've got a book around...

**Monica:** "Delta Dawn"


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Ross:** Hi! I could help not notice, but that's an [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklace]]

**Woman:** You already hit on me an hour ago

**Ross:** Right, so that's a firm "no". I cannot believe this, I just keep [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|striking]] out.

**Chandler:** I don't get it [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]], I mean you're obviously [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]], you're asking women how they want to be killed

**Ross:** This is great. Rachel's gonna keep kissing guys until she finds the one she wants and I'm gonna die alone.

**Chandler:** By [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drowning]] or...?!

**Michelle:** Why would he break up with me? Her friend: I don't know sweetie.

**Michelle:** All I ever wanted was just love him and have him love me back. I mean, am I so [[Friends-词汇总表#unlovable\|unlovable]]?

**Chandler:** Well...

**Ross:** I know! *(he stands)*


> [!scene] Scene: Piano bar

**Mike:** All right, that was Kenneth with his much too [[Friends-词汇总表#literal\|literal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rendition\|rendition]] of "I touch myself". Coming up next we've got Monica [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] "Delta Dawn".

**Monica:** Wait wait! I can't [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] in front of all these people.

**Phoebe:** Just [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] they're not even here! It's OK Monica, when that [[Friends-词汇总表#spotlight\|spotlight]] hits you it so [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] you won't see anyone anyway.

**Monica:** Hi! I'm Monica and I'm gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] "Delta Dawn" "Delta Dawn, what's that flower you have on? Could it be a [[Friends-词汇总表#fade\|faded]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rise\|rose]] from days gone by? ..."

**Phoebe:** Can you totally see through her shirt ?

**Mike:** Like an X-Ray. Bad day not to wear a [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]].

**Monica:** "To take you to his [[Friends-词汇总表#mansion\|mansion]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#sky\|sky]]-y?"


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's

**Joey:** Hey, I need your help.

**Chandler:** Wow, it seems serious. What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd?

**Joey:** Look, I'll get new [[Friends-词汇总表#headshot\|headshot]] taken, all right, so I want to get my [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrows]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]]

**Chandler:** I am sorry, moment to make fun of that, please!

**Joey:** You may be a [[Friends-词汇总表#sissy\|sissy]] but I'll still *(pound you out on ground)*. All right, it hurts so bad, I could only let her do one [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrow]] and now... they dont match!

**Chandler:** Its like a baby [[Friends-词汇总表#caterpillar\|caterpillar]] [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chasing]] its [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]]!

**Joey:** All right, look, you got to help me out, ok? Look, I have the magic [[Friends-词汇总表#marker\|marker]], I want you to fill in the [[Friends-词汇总表#skinny\|skinny]] one so I dont look stupid for my pictures.

**Chandler:** Ok. First of all, this is green!

**Joey:** What the hell am I supposed to do!

**Chandler:** All right, I will help you out but you have to promise me you will not tell anyone what I am about to tell you.

**Joey:** What, what.

**Chandler:** Ok, you know how most kids get their [[Friends-词汇总表#allowance\|allowance]] from [[Friends-词汇总表#mow\|mowing]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#lawn\|lawn]] or taking out the [[Friends-词汇总表#garbage\|garbage]], well I [[Friends-词汇总表#earn\|earned]] mine by [[Friends-词汇总表#pluck\|plucking]] the [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrows]] of my father and his business partners.

**Joey:** Oh my God!

**Chandler:** Yeah, well, I guess you dont need my help Victor Victoria!

**Joey:** Ok all right, no, no, no, no, I do, I do, I do, I need your help, but Chandler I dont know if I can take anymore [[Friends-词汇总表#pluck\|plucking]]. It hurts so bad!

**Chandler:** Oh, not with my [[Friends-词汇总表#combination\|combination]] of ice [[Friends-词汇总表#cub\|cubes]], [[Friends-词汇总表#aloe\|aloe]] Vera and my [[Friends-词汇总表#gentle\|gentle]] self-[[Friends-词汇总表#loathe\|loathing]] touch.


> [!scene] Scene: Piano Bar

**Monica:** "Take me to the [[Friends-词汇总表#mansion\|mansion]] in the [[Friends-词汇总表#sky\|sky]]-y". I am sorry, the song is over. Did you see me out there?

**Phoebe:** Every little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of you!

**Monica:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#cant\|cant]] believe I did this. I cant believe I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] for the people, and they liked me! Hey, did you hear that one [[Friends-词汇总表#shout\|shouting]] look at those [[Friends-词汇总表#tip\|tips]]! I mean, did I really help you get a lot of tips?

**Mike:** Sure.

**Phoebe:** Mon', not that you didnt sound good, but...

**Monica:** Good? Didnt you hear them...I was great! Thank you so much for making me do this. Thats is the best gift ever.

**Mike:** Also a good gift? Underwear.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross'

**Michelle:** Thank you so much for letting me do this. Public bathrooms freak me out, I can't even [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]], let alone do anything else.

**Ross:** But, whats great is that you dont mind talking about it.

**Michelle:** Its so amazing I met you the same day that Eric broke up with me, because its like you lose a boyfriend, you get a boyfriend.

**Ross:** Uh-ah!

**Michelle:** No dont worry, this is not some [[Friends-词汇总表#rebound\|rebound]] thing. I am totally over Eric.

**Ross:** *(pfew)*. Good choice Ross.

**Rachel:** Oh, hey! Hi, there you are, Ive been looking for you [[Friends-词汇总表#everywhere\|everywhere]]!

**Ross:** Oh, yeah, hello, well, now, here I am.

**Rachel:** Listen, my [[Friends-词汇总表#mum\|mum]] is not bringing the baby back until [[Friends-词汇总表#nine\|nine]] o [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]. So I was hoping you and I could have a chance to kind of talk somebody here?

**Ross:** Oh, yeah, yeah thats Michelle.

**Rachel:** Who?

**Ross:** Oh, just this woman Ive been seeing.

**Rachel:** Youve being seeing someone?

**Ross:** Yeah, didnt I [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] that? Yeah, I mean, we havent being going out for too long, but rather there is this amazing connection between us. I-I mean, in fact just before you came in she called me her boyfriend. I thought it was a little too soon, but it was also, you know, it was kinda nice.

**Michelle:** What are you taking [[Friends-词汇总表#amoxicillin\|amoxicillin]] for?

**Ross:** How great is this? You are already [[Friends-词汇总表#comfortable\|comfortable]] enough to look through my stuff. Oh, I am sorry Michelle, thats my [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]], Rachel.

**Rachel:** Hi, and I am also Emmas mother.

**Michelle:** Ah, who is Emma?

**Ross:** I told you about my [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]].

**Michelle:** This is your [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]]? I can be your new [[Friends-词汇总表#mummy\|mummy]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's

**Chandler:** And done!

**Joey:** Oh my God! I didnt feel a thing ! Hey, are you still looking for a job because you can [[Friends-词汇总表#tweeze\|tweeze]] [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circles]] around that [[Friends-词汇总表#sadistic\|sadistic]] bitch at the [[Friends-词汇总表#saloon\|saloon]]

**Chandler:** Thanks. You wanna see what it looks like?

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah. Hey, they totally match! They look great! They look great! How you doing!

**Chandler:** Yeah, yeah, I think it looks pretty good. I was a little worried I was [[Friends-词汇总表#uncover\|uncovering]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#birthmark\|birthmark]] right about there, but it turned out to be a little piece of [[Friends-词汇总表#chocolate\|chocolate]].

**Joey:** Thank you so much.

**Chandler:** No problem.

**Joey:** Listen thats a pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#girly\|girly]] hour we just spent, we should add some [[Friends-词汇总表#manly\|manly]] make up for it.

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Joey:** Comb my [[Friends-词汇总表#eyelash\|eyelashes]].


> [!scene] Scene: Piano Bar

**Monica:** Ok, for my next song I think Ill [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] something a little more [[Friends-词汇总表#upbeat\|upbeat]]. All right? Oh, how about the Pointer Sisters I am so excited. And make it [[Friends-词汇总表#bouncy\|bouncy]]!

**Phoebe:** Oh youll probably take care of that on your hands.

**Chandler:** I am sorry I am late. Youll understand when youll see Joey.

**Monica:** Honey, youre just in time, Im about to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] another song!

**Chandler:** Really? In front of all this people?

**Monica:** And they love me!

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** Yes, she gives the people what they want.

**Monica:** All right, watch!

**Monica:** "Tonight's the night we're gonna make it happen, tonight we'll put all other things [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]]. Give in this time and show me some [[Friends-词汇总表#affection\|affection]]..."

**Chandler:** Are those my wifes [[Friends-词汇总表#nipple\|nipples]]?

**Phoebe:** Oh? Isnt that funny? I didn't see that before, I wouldn't have let her go up again.

**Chandler:** I gotta stop this.

**Monica:** Oh, who cares, they still love me! "I am so excited..."

**Chandler:** You, touching yourself, out!


> [!scene] Scene: Ross

**Rachel:** Wow. She does that a lot!

**Michelle:** Ross, you didnt tell me you were a doctor!

**Rachel:** What, what, wait a minute! You havent even told her you were a doctor, yet? How long have you known her, like an hour?

**Michelle:** Actually about an hour and a half.

**Ross:** I told you it wasnt long, but there is an amazing connection between us.

**Michelle:** You feel that too? Oh, I thought that was just me!

**Ross:** Are you kidding?

**Michelle:** Hey, do you want to go away this weekend?

**Ross:** Well see.

**Rachel:** Ok, Ross, whats going on here, are we just bringing [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] women back to the apartment now?

**Ross:** I dont know, are we just kissing guys on [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balconies]]?

**Rachel:** How do you know about that?

**Ross:** Through the magic of [[Friends-词汇总表#sight\|sight]]! I was here, putting our child to sleep...

**Michelle:** Emma.

**Ross:** When I happened to look through the window and I see you kissing a guy you know, for what? A week?

**Rachel:** Oh, thats what this is all about? Did you bring her up here to get back at me?

**Michelle:** No, actually, see I had to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]], cause I [[Friends-词汇总表#cant\|cant]] use public bathrooms because the [[Friends-词汇总表#doodie\|doodie]] [[Friends-词汇总表#parasite\|parasites]].

**Ross:** Ok, Michelle, its time to go.

**Michelle:** Well, call me!

**Ross:** Ok.

**Michelle:** No, wait, you dont have my phone number!

**Ross:** You know, if its meant to be, Ill guess it. Bye, bye.

**Rachel:** Score.

**Ross:** Oh, I am sorry, did you not like her, because I was hoping that we could come to one of your kissing parties on the [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]].

**Rachel:** Oh God, I [[Friends-词汇总表#cant\|cant]] believe youre making such a big deal about this. It was one kiss, one guy, one time!

**Ross:** Oh, really!

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Oh, really!

**Rachel:** Oh yeah.

**Ross:** What about the guy from the bar?

**Rachel:** What? Who?

**Ross:** The guy you gave your number to.

**Rachel:** Whoa, how do you know about that?

**Ross:** Because he called here looking for you. So dont tell me this...this kissing this guy from work is a one time thing, ok? Youve been out there in bars and on [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balconies]] for over a month now. And you didnt even have the [[Friends-词汇总表#courtesy\|courtesy]] to tell me.

**Rachel:** Why didnt I get that message?

**Ross:** What?

**Rachel:** From the guy in the bar, why didnt I get that message?

**Ross:** Because I [[Friends-词汇总表#fold\|folded]] it up and put in my pants pocket. Do you...do you not look there?

**Rachel:** Ross?

**Ross:** I never gave it to you.

**Rachel:** Why?

**Ross:** I dont know.

**Rachel:** Oh God. You know what? Who you think you are? Who are you to [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] what messages I should or should not get?

**Ross:** Who am I?

**Rachel:** Yes.

**Ross:** I am the guy whos taking care of our baby while youre out at bars meeting guys!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, I cannot believe this. You know I actually came in here hoping to have a mature [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] with you About us! But I [[Friends-词汇总表#cant\|cant]] do that with someone who [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hides]] my messages and brings crazy women back to my apartment!

**Ross:** None of the [[Friends-词汇总表#sane\|sane]] ones wanted to come back with me! Thats not the point. Ok? The point is you...you are the one Who moved on and didnt tell anyone!

**Rachel:** Oh, Ross, this is just so messed up! Whats wrong with us? You know when people hear about our situation they Always ask, what, you live together but youre not a couple? And you have a baby, isnt that weird? And I say No. You know what, its not, because it works for us! But you know this doesnt work. In fact this is the [[Friends-词汇总表#opposite\|opposite]] of working!

**Ross:** Uh, clearly.

**Rachel:** And you know, we said that we would, we would live together as long as this makes sense. An maybe this, you know, Just doesnt make sense anymore.

**Ross:** Yeah, maybe not. So what you wanna do?


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's

**Joey:** Hey!

**Rachel:** Hi. Can Emma and I live here for a while?

**Joey:** Ha, oh, of course.

**Rachel:** Thank you.

**Joey:** Your [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrows]] look weird.


> [!scene] Ending Credits

**Chandler:** Jeremiah was a [[Friends-词汇总表#bullfrog\|bullfrog]]. Was a good friend of mine, never understood a single word he said, but I helped him drink his wine. So you just touch yourself for anything?


---

**END**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（49）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 9 | 219 | 100 | *OK! Last night after the party I saw Rachel kissing that jerk from her office out on your balcony.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 7 | 279 | 145 | *Well, and how about this? There is an anthropologist at school who totally came on to me during the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 4 | 266 | 138 | *Sure! Just give me a second to get all huffy and weird like you! Do you believe that who ever did so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 3 | 169 | 121 | *Oh you're not. You're not gonna get in the middle of anything, don't worry about Ross really, really* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 3 | 442 | 191 | *All right. Look. Gavin...I...I guess I felt guilty that you were here, which I shouldn't. You know R* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 3 | 162 | 106 | *Its so amazing I met you the same day that Eric broke up with me, because its like you lose a boyfri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 3 | 116 | 71 | *Its so amazing I met you the same day that Eric broke up with me, because its like you lose a boyfri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hop\|hop]] | /hɒp/ | n. 单脚跳, 跳跃, 舞会, 飞行 | n. the act of hopping; jumping upward or forward (especially on one foot) | 3 | 64 | 51 | *Listen, my mum is not bringing the baby back until nine o clock. So I was hoping you and I could hav* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Yeah! Yeah! OK! Sure! Look! Can we...can we talk about what happened here last night?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Our balcony? Seriously? That's so funny because I told Monica we should put lights on our balcony. A* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 2 | 253 | 119 | *Dude, don't rub my face in your crazy single life!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 2 | 72 | 52 | *Oh! What's the matter? Are you scared? You're afraid I'm a better singer? You're afraid I'm gonna be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *So I don't have to sing and I can just sit there and pass judgments on others?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *Hi guys! Listen I really need your help. I think I did something really stupid.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 2 | 155 | 54 | *Chandler Bing. Salon girl: Ok. Very good. Have a seat right over here Mr. Bing and Sonia will be rig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 2 | 132 | 68 | *Not well. I went on the subway again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was neither fema* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 2 | 84 | 53 | *Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 2 | 134 | 69 | *You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *You may be a sissy but I'll still . All right, it hurts so bad, I could only let her do one eyebrow * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *Ok, you know how most kids get their allowance from mowing the lawn or taking out the garbage, well * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 2 | 197 | 118 | *Ok all right, no, no, no, no, I do, I do, I do, I need your help, but Chandler I dont know if I can * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 2 | 133 | 83 | *Thank you so much for letting me do this. Public bathrooms freak me out, I can't even pee, let alone* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 2 | 113 | 86 | *Ok, for my next song I think Ill sing something a little more upbeat. All right? Oh, how about the P* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Ok, Ross, whats going on here, are we just bringing strange women back to the apartment now?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 2 | 281 | 110 | *You know, if its meant to be, Ill guess it. Bye, bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Well, and how about this? There is an anthropologist at school who totally came on to me during the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Why did I get married?!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *No I totally disagree. No I think it's fine for a guy to do something like that. Such you an actor. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Ok! Stop it you guys! Stop staring! You're freaking me out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Oh before I forget, are you coming to Mike's piano bar tonight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Oh! What's the matter? Are you scared? You're afraid I'm a better singer? You're afraid I'm gonna be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *While drinking...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *I thought you hated him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 1 | 182 | 101 | *You know honey, there is a thin line between love and hate, and it turns out that line...is a scarf!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#definitely\|definitely]] | /'definitli/ | adv. 明确无疑地, 清楚地 | r without question and beyond doubt | 1 | 96 | 75 | *Sounds like you need to think about what you want, talk to Gavin, and you definitely should talk to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Wow! Five-month maternity leave, you're back for four days, kiss a co-worker, call in sick, they are* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Chandler Bing. Salon girl: Ok. Very good. Have a seat right over here Mr. Bing and Sonia will be rig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Oh absolutely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Not well. I went on the subway again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was neither fema* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *No. When he called, I...I threw the message away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 1 | 109 | 81 | *I a not gonna lie to you, I'm pretty sick* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *Exactly how contagious is this thing you have? I mean is it a cold for standing on the balcony or di* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *Oh she's my girlfriend. That's not just how we do it here. I got to get a break and when we come bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *I don't get it neither, I mean you're obviously desperate, you're asking women how they want to be k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *I don't get it neither, I mean you're obviously desperate, you're asking women how they want to be k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Just pretend they're not even here! It's OK Monica, when that spotlight hits you it so bright you wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell am I supposed to do!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *What the hell am I supposed to do!* |

### 常用词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 9 | 75 | 45 | *Only if I don't have to get up and sing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#balcony\|balcony]] | /'bælkәni/ | n. 阳台, 戏院楼厅 | n. an upper floor projecting from the rear over the main floor in an auditorium | 7 | 22 | 11 | *OK! Last night after the party I saw Rachel kissing that jerk from her office out on your balcony.* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 6 | 204 | 33 | *No I'm serious. I mean she wants to date people? Fine! I don't care but...at least she could have to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sick\|sick]] | /sik/ | n. 病人 | n. people who are sick | 6 | 86 | 49 | *Or...I could call in sick and not deal with it at all...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] | /'sʌbwei/ | n. 地铁, 地道 | n an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a ci | 2 | 26 | 16 | *I don't know. I mean I have plenty of opportunity. Just just now there were some women at the coffee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 2 | 57 | 45 | *Not well. I went on the subway again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was neither fema* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 2 | 49 | 33 | *You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clown\|clown]] | /klaun/ | n. 小丑, 乡下人 | n. a rude or vulgar fool | 2 | 21 | 15 | *You hear a key in the hole and you jump like a young bronco coming out of a chute for the first time* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 2 | 53 | 42 | *Thank you so much for letting me do this. Public bathrooms freak me out, I can't even pee, let alone* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] | /'dɒ:tә/ | n. 女儿 | n. a female human offspring | 2 | 57 | 29 | *I told you about my daughter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jerk\|jerk]] | /dʒә:k/ | n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干 | n. a dull stupid fatuous person | 1 | 31 | 26 | *OK! Last night after the party I saw Rachel kissing that jerk from her office out on your balcony.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *You know when "That's fine" sounds true when someone yells it and spits!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spit\|spit]] | /spit/ | n. 唾液, 唾吐, 小雨, 炙叉, 一铲的深度 | n. a narrow strip of land that juts out into the sea | 1 | 26 | 22 | *You know when "That's fine" sounds true when someone yells it and spits!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *No I'm serious. I mean she wants to date people? Fine! I don't care but...at least she could have to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plenty\|plenty]] | /'plenti/ | n. 充分, 很多, 丰富 | n. a full supply | 1 | 16 | 16 | *I don't know. I mean I have plenty of opportunity. Just just now there were some women at the coffee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *I don't know. I mean I have plenty of opportunity. Just just now there were some women at the coffee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] | /.æksi'dentli/ | adv. 偶然地, 意外地 | r without advance planning | 1 | 17 | 16 | *I don't know. I mean I have plenty of opportunity. Just just now there were some women at the coffee* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Dude, don't rub my face in your crazy single life!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depend\|depend]] | /di'pend/ | vi. 靠, 视...而定, 信赖 | v. be contingent upon (something that is elided) | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well it depends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adorable\|adorable]] | /ә'dɒ:rәbl/ | a. 可崇拜的, 值得敬慕的, 可爱的 | s. lovable especially in a childlike or naive way | 1 | 11 | 10 | *But everybody sings. It's so much fun! Last time this adorable old man got out there, forgot all of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *But everybody sings. It's so much fun! Last time this adorable old man got out there, forgot all of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Oh! What's the matter? Are you scared? You're afraid I'm a better singer? You're afraid I'm gonna be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 1 | 27 | 23 | *It was the end of the party, you were probably ironing wrapping paper.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thin\|thin]] | /θin/ | a. 薄的, 细的, 瘦的, 稀疏的, 稀薄的, 淡的, 弱的, 空洞的 | v. lose thickness; become thin or thinner | 1 | 12 | 10 | *You know honey, there is a thin line between love and hate, and it turns out that line...is a scarf!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicate]] | /'kɒmplikeit/ | vt. 弄复杂, 使错综, 使恶化 | v. make more complicated | 1 | 25 | 21 | *I don't know. It's so complicated. I work with this guy, you know, I have the baby, and I have Ross,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appointment\|appointment]] | /ә'pɒintmәnt/ | n. 约会, 委任的职位, 委派 | n. the act of putting a person into a non-elective position | 1 | 22 | 22 | *Hey. I'm here for my eyebrow appointment. Salon girl: Name?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shock]] | /ʃɒk/ | n. 震动, 冲突, 震惊, 冲击, 突击, 禾束堆, 休克, 长毛狗 | n. the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#birthday\|birthday]] | /'bә:θdei/ | n. 生日 | n. an anniversary of the day on which a person was born (or the celebration of i | 1 | 152 | 44 | *Maybe she didn't move on, you know...maybe that kiss was just an impulsive one-time birthday thing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blonde\|blonde]] | /blɔnd/ | a. (头发)亚麻色的, 淡色的, 白肤金发碧眼的, 白里透红的, 白皙的, 淡黄色的 | n a person with fair skin and hair | 1 | 14 | 11 | *You know what? Enough! Enough talking! I have to get moving! Hey check out those two blondes over th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#easier\|easier]] | /'i:ziә/ | a. 更简单；较早的；容易些（easy的比较级形式） | a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort | 1 | 28 | 26 | *You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brilliant\|brilliant]] | /'briljәnt/ | a. 光辉的, 灿烂的, 有才气的 | s. of surpassing excellence | 1 | 12 | 12 | *You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]] | /bә:n/ | vt. 烧, 烧毁, 烧伤 | n. pain that feels hot as if it were on fire | 1 | 34 | 30 | *Hum...So...hum...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another flood in Europe? Heres a ques* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alive\|alive]] | /ә'laiv/ | a. 活着的, 活泼的, 敏感的, 热闹的 | a. possessing life | 1 | 38 | 30 | *Hum...So...hum...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another flood in Europe? Heres a ques* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soup\|soup]] | /su:p/ | n. 汤, 马力 | n. liquid food especially of meat or fish or vegetable stock often containing pi | 1 | 29 | 15 | *Gavin! I brought you some soup.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#monkey\|monkey]] | /'mʌŋki/ | n. 猴子, 猿, 打桩锤 | n. any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians) | 1 | 86 | 23 | *Exactly how contagious is this thing you have? I mean is it a cold for standing on the balcony or di* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bite]] | /bait/ | n. 咬, 一口 | n. a wound resulting from biting by an animal or a person | 1 | 28 | 26 | *Exactly how contagious is this thing you have? I mean is it a cold for standing on the balcony or di* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fossil\|fossil]] | /'fɒsәl/ | n. 化石, 古物 | n. the remains (or an impression) of a plant or animal that existed in a past ge | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Oh he's dusting me with a fossil brush. He thought it would be funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brush\|brush]] | /brʌʃ/ | n. 刷子, 毛笔, 争吵 | n. a dense growth of bushes | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Oh he's dusting me with a fossil brush. He thought it would be funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#panic\|panic]] | /'pænik/ | n. 恐慌, 惊慌 | n. an overwhelming feeling of fear and anxiety | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Don't panic!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *There is a man behind your curtain. I have a mace in my purse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *No! That's OK! That's OK! That's OK! No no no no! This is my business associate Gavin. He's just bei* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *So hum...Why did I have to hide?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|hole]] | /hәul/ | n. 孔, 洞, 穴, 漏洞 | n. an opening into or through something | 1 | 33 | 24 | *You hear a key in the hole and you jump like a young bronco coming out of a chute for the first time* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] | /'gilti/ | a. 犯罪的, 有过失的, 自觉有错的, 心虚的 | a. responsible for or chargeable with a reprehensible act | 1 | 16 | 15 | *All right. Look. Gavin...I...I guess I felt guilty that you were here, which I shouldn't. You know R* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 1 | 32 | 24 | *"No time for losers, 'cause we are the champions of the world...!" Thank you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judge\|judge]] | /dʒʌdʒ/ | n. 法官, 裁判员, 审判官, 鉴定人 | n. a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of ju | 1 | 34 | 26 | *Oh she's my girlfriend. That's not just how we do it here. I got to get a break and when we come bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cook\|cook]] | /kuk/ | n. 厨子, 厨师 | n. someone who cooks food | 1 | 48 | 39 | *All the time when you're cooking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Just a little but...it's just so scary! I don't even know what I would sing...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strike\|strike]] | /straik/ | n. 罢工, 打击, 殴打 | n. a group's refusal to work in protest against low pay or bad work conditions | 1 | 14 | 11 | *Right, so that's a firm "no". I cannot believe this, I just keep striking out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *Just pretend they're not even here! It's OK Monica, when that spotlight hits you it so bright you wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] | /brait/ | a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的 | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Just pretend they're not even here! It's OK Monica, when that spotlight hits you it so bright you wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bra\|bra]] | /brɑ:/ | n. 奶罩 | n an undergarment worn by women to support their breasts | 1 | 46 | 20 | *Like an X-Ray. Bad day not to wear a bra.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shape]] | /ʃeip/ | n. 形状, 形态, 外形, 形式, 身材 | n. any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Look, I'll get new headshot taken, all right, so I want to get my eyebrows shaped* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Its like a baby caterpillar chasing its mama!* |

### 低频词（84）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| dont | /dəʊnt/ | short. do not |  | 10 | 25 | 2 | *You may be a sissy but I'll still . All right, it hurts so bad, I could only let her do one eyebrow * |
| didnt |  | short. did not |  | 9 | 10 | 2 | *Mon', not that you didnt sound good, but...* |
| thats |  | [网络] 太诱；颜嘉良；那个……挺……的 |  | 6 | 35 | 8 | *Good? Didnt you hear them...I was great! Thank you so much for making me do this. Thats is the best * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]] | /hʌm/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 哼声, 杂声 | n. a humming noise | 5 | 17 | 7 | *Right that's why I came over to talk about. Hum...I saw Rachel kissing some guy on your balcony, eve* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrow]] | /'aibrau/ | n. 眉毛 | n. the arch of hair above each eye | 5 | 11 | 6 | *Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cant\|cant]] | /kænt/ | n. 伪善之言, 黑话, 斜面, 角落 | n. insincere talk about religion or morals | 5 | 19 | 2 | *I cant believe I did this. I cant believe I'm singing for the people, and they liked me! Hey, did yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#delta\|delta]] | /'deltә/ | n. 三角洲, 希腊字母的第四个字 | n. a low triangular area of alluvial deposits where a river divides before enter | 4 | 5 | 2 | *"Delta Dawn"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dawn\|dawn]] | /dɒ:n/ | n. 破晓, 黎明 | n. the first light of day | 4 | 5 | 2 | *"Delta Dawn"* |
| youre | /jʊə(r)/ | short. you are |  | 4 | 13 | 2 | *Honey, youre just in time, Im about to sing another song!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swoop\|swoop]] | /swu:p/ | n. 俯冲, 攫取 | n. (music) rapid sliding up or down the musical scale | 3 | 11 | 8 | *You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curtain\|curtain]] | /'kә:tәn/ | n. 帐, 幕, 窗帘 | n. hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window) | 3 | 8 | 6 | *I lied! And I'm not sick! Just stay behind the curtain!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yummy\|yummy]] | /'jʌmi/ | a. 美味的, 可口的, 赏心悦目的, 愉快的 | s extremely pleasing to the sense of taste | 3 | 13 | 9 | *Yeah you're always singing "Yummy yummy yummy, I've got love in my tummy"* |
| whats |  | [网络] 什么；嘿；什麽 |  | 3 | 6 | 3 | *But, whats great is that you dont mind talking about it.* |
| michelle | /mɪ'ʃɛl/ | n. 米歇尔（女子名） |  | 3 | 19 | 8 | *Oh, yeah, yeah thats Michelle.* |
| youll | /ju:l/ | short. you will |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Oh youll probably take care of that on your hands.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headshot\|headshot]] | /hed'ʃɒt/ | 拍摄头部 | n. a photograph of a person's head | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scarf\|scarf]] | /skɑ:f/ | n. 围巾, 头巾, 领带, 领巾, 嵌接 | n. a garment worn around the head or neck or shoulders for warmth or decoration | 2 | 6 | 5 | *You know we were all alone and he was being really nice to me and, oh and he gave me this scarf...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salon\|salon]] | /'sælɔ:ŋ/ | n. 大会客室, 大厅, 客厅, 交谊室, 沙龙, 美术展览馆, 画廊, 美容院, 发廊 | n. gallery where works of art can be displayed | 2 | 7 | 3 | *Hey. I'm here for my eyebrow appointment. Salon girl: Name?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tweeze\|tweeze]] | /twi:z/ | v. 以镊子除去, 以钳子拔除 | v. pluck with tweezers | 2 | 2 | 1 | *We'll get to the wax in a minute. First I want to tweeze some of the strays, ok? This may sting just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rodeo\|rodeo]] | /rәu'deiәu/ | n. 竞技表演 | n. an exhibition of cowboy skills | 2 | 4 | 3 | *You hear a key in the hole and you jump like a young bronco coming out of a chute for the first time* |
| kenneth |  | n. 肯尼思（男子名）；[古]英俊的领导者 |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Oh she's my girlfriend. That's not just how we do it here. I got to get a break and when we come bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mansion\|mansion]] | /'mænʃәn/ | n. 大厦, 宅邸 | n. a large and imposing house | 2 | 3 | 2 | *"To take you to his mansion in the sky-y?"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pluck\|pluck]] | /plʌk/ | n. 勇气, 猛拉, 动物内脏 | n. the act of pulling and releasing a taut cord | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Ok, you know how most kids get their allowance from mowing the lawn or taking out the garbage, well * |
| eric | /'erik/ | abbr. 科教资源信息中心（Educational Resources Information Center）；电子遥 | n. A recompense formerly given by a murderer to the relatives of | 2 | 14 | 7 | *Its so amazing I met you the same day that Eric broke up with me, because its like you lose a boyfri* |
| ive |  | abbr. 香港专业教育学院（Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education） |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Oh, hey! Hi, there you are, Ive been looking for you everywhere!* |
| youve |  | short. you have |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Youve being seeing someone?* |
| havent | /'hævnt/ | short. have not |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Yeah, didnt I mention that? Yeah, I mean, we havent being going out for too long, but rather there i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ill\|ill]] | /il/ | n. 疾病, 坏事, 罪恶, 灾难 | a. affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function | 2 | 12 | 3 | *Ok, for my next song I think Ill sing something a little more upbeat. All right? Oh, how about the P* |
| isnt |  | abbr. 原位缺口平移（In Situ Nick Translation） |  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *Oh? Isnt that funny? I didn't see that before, I wouldn't have let her go up again.* |
| doesnt | /'dʌznt/ | short. does not |  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, Ross, this is just so messed up! Whats wrong with us? You know when people hear about our situat* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#huffy\|huffy]] | /'hʌfi/ | a. 怒冲冲的 | s. quick to take offense | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sure! Just give me a second to get all huffy and weird like you! Do you believe that who ever did so* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concentrate\|concentrate]] | /'kɒnsәntreit/ | n. 浓缩, 精选 | n. a concentrated form of a foodstuff; the bulk is reduced by removing water | 1 | 7 | 6 | *No I'm serious. I mean she wants to date people? Fine! I don't care but...at least she could have to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anthropologist\|anthropologist]] | /.ænθrә'pɒlәdʒist/ | n. 人类学家 | n. a social scientist who specializes in anthropology | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, and how about this? There is an anthropologist at school who totally came on to me during the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potluck\|potluck]] | /'pɒtlʌk/ | n. 家常便饭 | n. whatever happens to be available especially when offered to an unexpected gue | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, and how about this? There is an anthropologist at school who totally came on to me during the * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#photographer\|photographer]] | /fә'tɔ^rәfә/ | n. 摄影师, 摄影者 | n. someone who takes photographs professionally | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wax\|wax]] | /wæks/ | n. 蜡, 蜡状物, 一阵发怒, 增加, (月亮)渐盈 | n. any of various substances of either mineral origin or plant or animal origin; | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#disagree\|disagree]] | /.disә'gri:/ | vi. 不一致, 不适宜 | v. be of different opinions | 1 | 7 | 6 | *No I totally disagree. No I think it's fine for a guy to do something like that. Such you an actor. * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knuckle\|knuckle]] | /'nʌkl/ | n. 指节, 蹄爪, 膝关节 | n. a joint of a finger when the fist is closed | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Your knuckles are kinda hairy too...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hairy\|hairy]] | /'hєәri/ | a. 多毛的, 毛状的, 长毛的 | a. having or covered with hair | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Your knuckles are kinda hairy too...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dye\|dye]] | /dai/ | n. 颜料, 染料 | n. a usually soluble substance for staining or coloring e.g. fabrics or hair | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Hey hey! You dye your hair!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]] | /pi'ɑ:nәu/ | n. 钢琴 | n. a keyboard instrument that is played by depressing keys that cause hammers to | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Oh before I forget, are you coming to Mike's piano bar tonight?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boo\|boo]] | /bu:/ | v. 嘘(某人), 喝倒彩 | n. a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt | 1 | 4 | 3 | *But everybody sings. It's so much fun! Last time this adorable old man got out there, forgot all of * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#singer\|singer]] | /'siŋә/ | n. 歌手 | n. a person who sings | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh! What's the matter? Are you scared? You're afraid I'm a better singer? You're afraid I'm gonna be* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#judgment\|judgment]] | /'dʒʌdʒmәnt/ | n. 裁判, 宣告, 判决书 | n. an opinion formed by judging something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *So I don't have to sing and I can just sit there and pass judgments on others?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maternity\|maternity]] | /mә'tә:niti/ | n. 母性, 怀孕, 妇产科医院 | n the state of being pregnant; the period from conception to birth when a woman  | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Wow! Five-month maternity leave, you're back for four days, kiss a co-worker, call in sick, they are* |
| sonia |  | n. 索尼亚（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Chandler Bing. Salon girl: Ok. Very good. Have a seat right over here Mr. Bing and Sonia will be rig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stray\|stray]] | /strei/ | n. 走失的家畜, 浪子 | n. an animal that has strayed (especially a domestic animal) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *We'll get to the wax in a minute. First I want to tweeze some of the strays, ok? This may sting just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sting\|sting]] | /stiŋ/ | n. 叮, 刺痛, 刺激, 讽刺 | n. a kind of pain; something as sudden and painful as being stung | 1 | 17 | 7 | *We'll get to the wax in a minute. First I want to tweeze some of the strays, ok? This may sting just* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#extremely\|extremely]] | /ik'stri:mli/ | adv. 极端地, 非常地 | r. to an extreme degree | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#threshold\|threshold]] | /'θreʃәuld/ | n. 门槛, 入口, 开端, 阈 | n. the starting point for a new state or experience | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#holly\|holly]] | /'hɒli/ | n. 冬青树 | n. any tree or shrub of the genus Ilex having red berries and shiny evergreen le | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eligible\|eligible]] | /'elidʒәbl/ | a. 有资格当选的, 合格的 | a. qualified for or allowed or worthy of being chosen | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey it's the most eligible man in NY. How's the moving on going?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#illegitimate\|illegitimate]] | /.ili'dʒitimәt/ | a. 不法的, 私生的, 不合规则的, 不合理的, 不符合习惯的 | s. contrary to or forbidden by law | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dish\|dish]] | /diʃ/ | n. 盘子, 碟, 菜肴 | n. a piece of dishware normally used as a container for holding or serving food | 1 | 13 | 9 | *What are doing? You know I can only dish it out!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impulsive\|impulsive]] | /im'pʌlsiv/ | a. 冲动的, 受感情驱使的, 任性的 | s. proceeding from natural feeling or impulse without external stimulus | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Maybe she didn't move on, you know...maybe that kiss was just an impulsive one-time birthday thing* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brood\|brood]] | /bru:d/ | n. 一窝, 一伙 | n. the young of an animal cared for at one time | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pyramid\|pyramid]] | /'pirәmid/ | n. 角锥, 金字塔 | n. a polyhedron having a polygonal base and triangular sides with a common verte | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flood\|flood]] | /flʌd/ | n. 洪水, 大量之水, 涨潮 | n. the rising of a body of water and its overflowing onto normally dry land | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Hum...So...hum...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another flood in Europe? Heres a ques* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drown\|drown]] | /draun/ | vi. 淹死 | v. get rid of as if by submerging | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Hum...So...hum...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another flood in Europe? Heres a ques* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paranoid\|paranoid]] | /'pærәnɔid/ | a. (似)患妄想狂的, (似)患偏执狂的 | n. a person afflicted with paranoia | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Oh! Good! Because I was having a totally paranoid moment when I thought you called in sick to avoid * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contagious\|contagious]] | /kәn'teidʒәs/ | a. 触染性的, 会蔓延的 | s. easily diffused or spread as from one person to another | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Exactly how contagious is this thing you have? I mean is it a cold for standing on the balcony or di* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fever\|fever]] | /'fi:vә/ | n. 发烧, 发热, 热病 | n. a rise in the temperature of the body; frequently a symptom of infection | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Do you have fever? Let me see. Hum...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dust\|dust]] | /dʌst/ | n. 灰尘, 尘埃, 粉末, 花粉, 土, 骚乱 | n. fine powdery material such as dry earth or pollen that can be blown about in  | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh he's dusting me with a fossil brush. He thought it would be funny.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#molly\|molly]] | /'mɔli/ | n. [俚]懦夫；娘娘腔的男人 | n popular aquarium fish | 1 | 16 | 6 | *Oh! Molly! You're not Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mace\|mace]] | /meis/ | n. 狼牙棒, 权标, 权杖, 执权标者 | n. (trademark) a liquid that temporarily disables a person; prepared as an aeros | 1 | 1 | 1 | *There is a man behind your curtain. I have a mace in my purse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bronco\|bronco]] | /'brɒŋkәu/ | n. 野马 | n. an unbroken or imperfectly broken mustang | 1 | 1 | 1 | *You hear a key in the hole and you jump like a young bronco coming out of a chute for the first time* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chute\|chute]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 瀑布, 斜槽 | n. sloping channel through which things can descend | 1 | 6 | 4 | *You hear a key in the hole and you jump like a young bronco coming out of a chute for the first time* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champion\|champion]] | /'tʃæmpiәn/ | n. 冠军, 拥护者, 战士 | n. someone who has won first place in a competition | 1 | 5 | 3 | *"No time for losers, 'cause we are the champions of the world...!" Thank you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tummy\|tummy]] | /'tʌmi/ | n. 胃, 肚子 | n slang for a paunch | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah you're always singing "Yummy yummy yummy, I've got love in my tummy"* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unusual\|unusual]] | /.ʌn'ju:ʒu:l/ | a. 不寻常的, 罕见的, 与众不同的 | a. not usual or common or ordinary | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Hi! I could help not notice, but that's an unusual necklace* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#necklace\|necklace]] | /'neklis/ | n. 项链 | n. jewelry consisting of a cord or chain (often bearing gems) worn about the nec | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Hi! I could help not notice, but that's an unusual necklace* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]] | /'despәrәt/ | a. 不顾一切的, 危急的, 令人绝望的, 极渴望的 | n. a person who is frightened and in need of help | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I don't get it neither, I mean you're obviously desperate, you're asking women how they want to be k* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unlovable\|unlovable]] | /'ʌnlʌvəbl/ | a. 不可爱的 | s. incapable of inspiring love or affection | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All I ever wanted was just love him and have him love me back. I mean, am I so unlovable?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#literal\|literal]] | /'litәrәl/ | a. 逐字的, 字面上的, 文字的, 字母的 | s. without interpretation or embellishment | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, that was Kenneth with his much too literal rendition of "I touch myself". Coming up next * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rendition\|rendition]] | /ren'diʃәn/ | n. 译文, 施舍, 表演 | n. a performance of a musical composition or a dramatic role etc. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, that was Kenneth with his much too literal rendition of "I touch myself". Coming up next * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spotlight\|spotlight]] | /'spɒtlait/ | n. 照明灯, 反光灯, 聚光灯 | n. a lamp that produces a strong beam of light to illuminate a restricted area;  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Just pretend they're not even here! It's OK Monica, when that spotlight hits you it so bright you wo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fade\|fade]] | /feid/ | vi. 褪色, 消失, 凋谢 | n. gradually ceasing to be visible | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Hi! I'm Monica and I'm gonna be singing "Delta Dawn" "Delta Dawn, what's that flower you have on? Co* |
| ashley |  | n. 艾希莉（人名） |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Wow, it seems serious. What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd?* |
| judd | /dʒʌd/ | n. 贾德（姓氏） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Wow, it seems serious. What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sissy\|sissy]] | /'sisi/ | n. 女孩子, 女人腔的男人, 胆小鬼 | n. a timid man or boy considered childish or unassertive | 1 | 4 | 3 | *You may be a sissy but I'll still . All right, it hurts so bad, I could only let her do one eyebrow * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caterpillar\|caterpillar]] | /'kætәpilә/ | n. 毛虫 | n. a wormlike and often brightly colored and hairy or spiny larva of a butterfly | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Its like a baby caterpillar chasing its mama!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mama\|mama]] | /'mɑ:mә/ | n. 妈妈 | n. a name under which Ninkhursag was worshipped | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Its like a baby caterpillar chasing its mama!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marker\|marker]] | /'mɑ:kә/ | n. 作记号的人, 记分员, 书签, 纪念碑, 里程碑, 标识物, 标记 | n. some conspicuous object used to distinguish or mark something | 1 | 3 | 3 | *All right, look, you got to help me out, ok? Look, I have the magic marker, I want you to fill in th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#skinny\|skinny]] | /'skini/ | a. 似皮的, 极瘦的, 少的, 小气的 | n. confidential information about a topic or person | 1 | 5 | 5 | *All right, look, you got to help me out, ok? Look, I have the magic marker, I want you to fill in th* |
