---
season: 9
episode: "09"
title: "FRIENDS"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E09 — FRIENDS

Directed by: Ben Weiss

*Written by: Mark Kunerth Transcript by: David Buehrle*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's office in Tulsa. His assistant is showing him photographs.] JO LYNN: This kitty is Mittens and this one is Fitzhugh, and this little guy in the cat condo is Jinkies.

**Chandler:** Yep. That's a lot of cats Jo Lynn. Single are ya?

*(Phone rings. Chandler answers using the speaker phone.)*

**Chandler:** Chandler Bing.

**Joey:** Hey. How come you're answering your own phone? Where's your crazy assistant?

*(She frowns. Chandler picks up the hand set.)*

**Chandler:** What's up Joe?

**Joey:** Okay, what have we always wanted to do together?

**Chandler:** Braid each other's hair and [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] [[Friends-词汇总表#horseback\|horseback]] on the beach?

**Joey:** No, no, no. When you get home tomorrow night, you and I are going to be at the Wizzards-Knicks game . . . [[Friends-词汇总表#courtside\|courtside]]!

**Chandler:** Courtside? Oh my God.

**Joey:** Yeah. Maybe Michael Jordon will [[Friends-词汇总表#dive\|dive]] for the ball and break my [[Friends-词汇总表#jaw\|jaw]] with his [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]].

**Chandler:** That's so cool. I'll let Monica know.

*(Chandler hangs up and calls Monica who is reading a book on their sofa as the phone rings.)*

**Monica:** Hello?

**Chandler:** Joey just called. He's got [[Friends-词汇总表#courtside\|courtside]] Knicks [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|tickets]] for him and me tomorrow night.

**Monica:** Really? But tomorrow night is the only night I get off from the restaurant. If you go to the game, we won't have a night together for another week.

**Chandler:** But hey, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#courtside\|courtside]]. The [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleaders]] are going to be right in fr. . . *(Pause)* That's not the way to [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] you.

**Monica:** Chandler look, I don't want to be one of those wives who says, "You can't go to the game. You have to spend time with me." So, if you could just realize it on your own . . .

**Chandler:** I know. You're right. I want to see you too. I've just got to figure out a way to tell Joey, you know? He's really looking forward to this.

**Monica:** Tell him that you haven't seen your wife in a long time. Tell him that having a long-distance relationship is really difficult. Tell him that what little time we have is [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]].

**Chandler:** Yeah, ah, ah . . . I'll think of something.


> [!scene]  OPENING CREDITS 


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Ross is in the living room covering Emma. Rachel enters wearing a sexy dress.

**Ross:** Wow! *(pause)* Wow, You look . . . uh . . . It's just, ah . . . That dress . . . uh . . .

**Rachel:** Well, I hope the ends of these [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentences]] are good.

**Ross:** Well, well, they're good. It's been a while since I've seen you like this. You, you clean up good.

**Rachel:** Oh well, well thank you. *(She laughs. He stares for a moment.)* Okay, stop. Stop looking at me like that. The last time that happened, *(points to Ross)* that happened. *(points to Emma.)*

**Ross:** Oh right, right. *(They pause and exchange a glance. Then, Ross looks away.)* So, are you . . . ah . . . you excited about your, your first night away from Emma?

**Rachel:** Yeah, yeah. Phoebe and I are going to have so much fun. And thank you for watching the baby, by the way.

**Ross:** Oh, it's fine. Actually, I, I invited Mike over.

**Rachel:** Phoebe's Mike?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** I didn't know you guys hung out.

**Ross:** We don't. But I thought it would be nice to get to know him. You know, maybe have a little dinner, drinks, [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]].

**Rachel:** Oh that's so cute: Ross and Mike's first date. Is that going to be [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]]? I mean, what are you guys going to talk about?

**Ross:** I don't know. But, you know, we, we have a lot in common, you know. He plays [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]]; I played [[Friends-词汇总表#keyboard\|keyboards]] in college. He's been divorced; I have some experience in that area.

*(Rachel nods. There is a knock on the door.)*

**Rachel:** Yeah.

*(Phoebe and Mike enter.)*

**Phoebe:** Hi

**Rachel:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** *(spotting Rachel's dress)* Oooh. Girl's night out [[Friends-词汇总表#indeed\|indeed]].

**Rachel:** *(to Ross)* Ok. So now, I think Emma is probably down for the night, but if you need anything Ross . . .

**Ross:** Rach, Rach, we'll be fine, all right? You go have fun.

**Rachel:** Okay. You too. And I hope you score. *(to Mike)* Bye.

**Mike:** Bye.

**Ross:** So . . . Welcome.

**Mike:** *(Holds up a six pack of Foster's Lager)* I got [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]].

**Ross:** I got [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottled]] breast [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]].

**Mike:** Eh, why don't we start with the [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]?

**Ross:** Okay. *(They sit.)* So, um, Phoebe tells me you, ah, you play [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]].

**Mike:** Yeah.

**Ross:** You know, I, I used to, ah, play [[Friends-词汇总表#keyboard\|keyboards]] in college.

**Mike:** Ah? *(pause)* Do you have one here?

**Ross:** No.

**Mike:** Okay. *(pause)*

*(They clink beer bottles, and drink. Then, they stare uncomfortably at their bottles.)*

**Ross:** Um . . . ah . . . you know, I'm divorced. Um, Phoebe, ah . . . Phoebe said you . . . You've been divorced?

**Mike:** Yeah. *(pause)* Yeah, I'm sorry. I don't . . . I don't really like to talk about it.

**Ross:** *(pause)* That's okay. We'll talk about *(pause)* something else. *(They pause. They drink.)*

**Mike:** So, you're a [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]], right?

**Ross:** Yeah.

**Mike:** My cousin's a [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]].

**Ross:** Ah? *(Mike nods. Another pause.)* Well, he and I would probably have a lot to talk about.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica is wearing a sexy negligee. She pours two glasses of wine as Chandler enters with a carry-on suitcase. He sets the case by the door.)

**Monica:** Hi.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Monica:** Welcome home.

**Chandler:** *(Hangs his jacket over the suitcase, locks the door, then turns to Monica.)* Oh well, look at you.

**Monica:** Yeah. What do you think?

**Chandler:** Well, it looks great. It's just that . . . well, I'm wearing the same thing [[Friends-词汇总表#underneath\|underneath]]. So . . .

**Monica:** Oh.

**Chandler:** See what I mean . . . *(They kiss.)*

*(There is a loud thud at the door.)*

**Joey:** Hey! How come the door's [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|locked]]?

**Monica:** Just a second.

**Chandler:** *(hushed)* No, no, no, no, no. Joey can't know that I'm here.

**Monica:** Why not?

**Chandler:** Because I didn't know how to tell him that I couldn't go to the Knicks game. So, I just told him that I had to stay in Tulsa.

**Monica:** So, you lied to him?

**Chandler:** Achhh. It's always better to lie than to have the [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]] discussion.

*(pause) Except with you.*

**Joey:** Hey! Open the door. What's going on? *(He knocks.)*

*(Monica goes to the door. Chandler slides behind it as she opens it slightly.)*

**Joey:** What are you . .. *(He sees her in her negligee.)* Why are you dressed like that?

**Monica:** Oh, because, um . . . well, Chandler's going to be home in a couple of days. So, I thought I would, you know, practice the art of [[Friends-词汇总表#seduction\|seduction]].

**Joey:** Oh, I thought I heard a man's voice before.

**Monica:** Oh I was just doing Chandler's side of the [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]]. You know, like, "Hi, How do I look?" *(As Chandler)* "Really sexy. Could I BE any more turned on?"

**Joey:** Okay. *(pause. He looks over her shoulder at the table with the wine.)* Whoa, whoa. Why are there two glasses of wine out?

**Monica:** Because. . . one of them is for you.

*(Monica turns to get the wine. Chandler peeps through the peephole. Joey, seeing something, peeps back. Chandler ducks. Monica returns with two glasses of wine. She gives one to Joey.)*

**Monica:** Cheers. *(She clinks his glass and pulls back.)* Okay, buh-bye. *(She closes the door.)*

**Chandler:** You know, it's funny. I've been, ah, practicing the art of [[Friends-词汇总表#seduction\|seduction]] myself. *(He raises his hands in front of himself, sticks out his behind, and wiggles it.)* Hi ya.

**Monica:** You might want to keep practicing.

**Chandler:** Yah.

*(Chandler's cell phone rings. He looks at it.)*

**Chandler:** It's Joey. *(He answers it, holding it out so that Monica can hear too.)* Hey Joe.

**Joey:** Dude, come home!

**Chandler:** What? Why?

**Joey:** COME . . . HOME.

**Chandler:** Look I, I can't. What's going on?

**Joey:** I don't know how to tell you this but, uh . . . I think Monica's cheatin' on ya. I told you shouldn't have married someone so much [[Friends-词汇总表#hotter\|hotter]] than you.

*(Chandler and Monica look at each other. Chandler nods.)*

**Joey:** All right look. *(He walks to the hallway.)* If you can't come home and deal with this, then I'm gonna.

**Chandler:** NO!

**Joey:** *(outside the apartment door)* I just heard him!

**Chandler:** *(softly)* Can you . . . hear him . . . now?

**Joey:** *(listens at the door.)* No. *(pause)* All right, I'm going in.

**Chandler:** No! Wait!

**Joey:** I heard him again!

**Chandler:** *(writhes as if in agony)* All right, look. Just stay there. I'm coming home.

**Joey:** Okay. Great. I'll see you when you get here. I'm gonna wait out in the hall in case the dude comes out.

**Chandler:** Is that really necessary?

**Joey:** Absolutely. You'd do it for me. Not that you ever have to because I know how to keep my women [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfied]].


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Mike is blowing a note from his beer bottle. Ross stares off to the side.)

**Ross:** Shouldn't the [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] be here by now? I mean, they said [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] minutes or less. Well, how long has it been?

**Mike:** *(looking at his watch)* Eleven minutes. *(long pause)* And now [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]]. So, do you like the [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]]?

**Ross:** I do. I do. Although, it's actually a [[Friends-词汇总表#lager\|lager]].

**Mike:** huh. *(pause)* What's the difference between [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#lager\|lager]]?

**Ross:** I don't know. We could look it up.

**Mike:** *(nods)* Things are about to get wild.


> [!scene] Scene: A bar. Rachel and Phoebe are bringing their drinks from the bar to a sofa.

**Phoebe:** Oh God. Remember the girls' nights we used to have sitting around talking about you and Ross?

**Rachel:** Oh God. It seems like [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] ago.

**Phoebe:** I know. *(sighs)* So, what's going on with you and Ross?

**Rachel:** Well, um . . . I don't know. I mean, for a long time nothing. But you know, actually right before you picked me up, Ross and I had a . . . ah . . . little thing.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God! I love things. What happened?

**Rachel:** Well, um, first he told me he liked how I looked. And, ah, then we had a little . . . um . . . eye-contact.

**Phoebe:** Eye-contact?

**Rachel:** Mm-hmm.

**Phoebe:** I hope you were using protection.

**Waiter:** *(with tray and two drinks)* Excuse me. Um, these are from the two [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentlemen]] at the end of the bar.

**Rachel:** Oh. *(to Phoebe)* Should we send them something back?

**Phoebe:** Oooh. Let's do. Let's send them [[Friends-词汇总表#mash\|mashed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potatoes]].

**Rachel:** No! Wait! No, no. Don't do that! That's going to make them think they can come over here.

**Phoebe:** So? What if they do?

**Rachel:** Well, we're not here to meet guys. You have a boyfriend, I have a b. . . baby and a Ross.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, but, ah, ah, nothing has to happen. We're just having fun. You know, not everything had to go as far as "eye-contact."


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Chandler is seated in the chair and Monica stands behind the sofa.

**Monica:** Chandler, you have to tell Joey that you're not in Tulsa.

**Chandler:** Don't you think it's better for him to think that you're [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheating]] on me, than for him to think that I'm cheating on him? *(Monica tips her head slightly as if asking "Did you hear yourself?")* I heard it.

**Monica:** I don't want him to think that I'm having an [[Friends-词汇总表#affair\|affair]].

**Chandler:** All right. I've got a plan. I'll go down the fire [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]].

**Monica:** Yes, because all good plans start with, "I'll go down the fire [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]]."

**Chandler:** Hear me out woman. I'll go down the fire [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]]. Then, I'll wait for a while. Then, when I come up the [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]], it'll be just like I just got back from Tulsa. Then, Joey and I will come in and see that there's no guy in here.

**Monica:** Aren't you afraid that Joey's going to figure all of this out? *(pause)* I heard it.

*(Chandler runs to the window, opens it, starts out, but returns, casually walking back to his chair.)*

**Chandler:** I'm just going to wait for a little while.

**Monica:** Scary pigeon's back?

**Chandler:** It's huge.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Three pizza crusts, two bottle caps and the plastic tripod are left in the otherwise empty pizza box. Mike is making hollow popping noises with his mouth. He begins to speak, but stops and pops his lips a few more times and takes a drink. Ross smiles as if he has thought of something to say, but then he stops and sinks back in a slump on the sofa.


> [!scene] Scene: The bar. Two men are chatting with Rachel and Phoebe.

**Rachel:** Oh my God. I can't believe you live in that building. My [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] lives in that building. Ida Green? No sense of personal space? Kind of smells like [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]]? Looks like a [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]].

**Bill:** "Spuds" is your [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]]?

**Rachel:** That's my [[Friends-词汇总表#bubby\|bubby]]!

**Kevin:** So, we're on our way to a couple of parties. Um. . . maybe we can get your numbers and give you guys a call if we find something fun.

**Phoebe:** Yeah. . . I'm sorry. We weren't really looking for anything to happen with you guys. I, I have a boyfriend.

**Kevin:** All right. It's no big deal.

**Bill:** So, she has a boyfriend. What is your situation?

**Rachel:** Oh, well, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicated]]. I don't actually have a boyfriend. But um. . .

**Bill:** Then, can I have your number?

**Rachel:** *(pause)* I'm sorry, no.

**Bill:** Okay. *(They start to walk away.)*

**Rachel:** Oh sure. *(She pulls a business card from her purse and writes on it.)*

**Phoebe:** *(Reading the card.)* Oh my God, you're giving your real number.

**Bill:** Okay, thanks. I'll give you a call later tonight.

**Rachel:** Great.

**Bill:** Bye

**Phoebe:** Bye. *(The guys leave.)* Wow. So, that's great. You, Bill, Ross, and Emma are going to be so happy together. What were you thinking?

**Rachel:** I don't know. He was cute, and he liked me. It was an [[Friends-词汇总表#impulse\|impulse]].

**Phoebe:** What about Ross? What about your moment? Don't you want to talk to Ross about it?

**Rachel:** No. No, because I know exactly how the conversation's gonna go. "Hey Ross, you know, I think we had a moment before."

**Rachel:** *(lowers voice to imitate Ross)* "Yeah." *(Clears throat.)* "Me too."

**Rachel:** *(as herself)* "Well, but I'm not sure I really want to do anything about it."

**Rachel:** *(as Ross)* "Yeah." *(Clears throat twice.)* "Me [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]]." *(Clears throat again.)*

**Rachel:** *(as herself)* "Well, should we just continue to live together and not really tell each other how we're really [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]?"

**Rachel:** *(as Ross)* "Yeah. That works for me." *(Clears throat twice more.)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I see what you mean. By the way, nice Ross [[Friends-词汇总表#imitation\|imitation]].

**Rachel:** Oh, thanks.

**Phoebe:** But, your Rachel wasn't [[Friends-词汇总表#whiny\|whiny]] enough.

**Rachel:** *(whining)* Wha. . . hey!

**Phoebe:** *(pointing)* Better!

**Rachel:** Well, the point is, maybe I should just stop waiting around for moments with Ross, you know? I should just . . . move on with my life.

**Phoebe:** Really? You're moving on from Ross?

**Rachel:** I don't know. Do I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] right now?

**Phoebe:** Well, you kind of just did. That guy is going to call you tonight. Ross is going to pick up the phone and that's a pretty clear message.

**Rachel:** Oh God, Ross. Ross is going to pick up the phone. Oh, I have to get my number back. *(She turns to find Bill, but they have gone.)* Oh my God. He's gone.

**Phoebe:** *(imitating Rachel)* "Oh, I have to get my number back. Oh my God. He's gone." *(smiles)* Dead on.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Ross and Mike are sitting on the sofa. Ross is fidgeting with the cuff of his sweater while Mike blows his cheeks out. Ross blows a piece of fuzz from his finger.)

**Mike:** *(releases a whoosh of air)* Ya know, I'm going to take off.

**Ross:** So soon?

**Mike:** Well, yeah.

**Ross:** Okay. Well, thanks, ah, thanks for the [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]].

**Mike:** Ah, you mean [[Friends-词汇总表#lager\|lager]].

**Ross:** Ah yeah. Good times.

*(Mike leaves. Ross closes the door behind him.)*

**Mike:** *(In the hall, relieved)* Oh.

*(Ross, inside the door, releases a sign of relief. Back in the hall, Mike's cell phone rings.)*

**Mike:** Hello?

**Phoebe:** *(calling from the bar on her cell phone.)* Hey, Mike, it's me. Listen, is um, is Ross near you?

**Mike:** Uh, no. I just left.

**Phoebe:** Well, you have to go back in.

**Mike:** Wha . . .? Go back? To the "land where time stands still"?

**Phoebe:** I'm so sorry honey, but, okay, Rachel gave this guy her number and, um, she doesn't want Ross to answer the phone. So, you have to [[Friends-词汇总表#intercept\|intercept]] all his calls.

**Mike:** I can't do that!

**Phoebe:** *(to Rachel)* He says he can't do that.

**Rachel:** Oh give me , , , *(Phoebe gives Rachel the phone.)* Hi, Mike? Hi. Listen. I know this is a lot to ask, but you know what? If you do this I . . . Phoebe will . . . do anything you want. Seriously, I'm talking [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] stuff.

**Phoebe:** All right. *(She takes the phone from Rachel.)* Hello? Hi. I'm sorry about her, but she wasn't wrong about the [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] stuff.

**Mike:** All right. I'll do it. *(Phoebe gives the thumbs-up sign to Rachel.)* But really, how much [[Friends-词汇总表#dirtier\|dirtier]] can it get?

**Phoebe:** *(knowingly chuckles)* Oh, Mike. Bye.

*(Mike knocks on Ross's door. Ross opens it.)*

**Mike:** Hey buddy.

**Ross:** Uh, hi.

**Mike:** Um, can I come back in?

**Ross:** *(putting his arm up with his hand on the door frame.)* Why? *(He starts to lower his arm.)*

**Mike:** *(Entering the apartment)* I, I was just thinking about how much more we have to talk about.

**Ross:** *(whining)* But you left.


> [!scene] Scene: The hallway and stairs outside Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler enters from the stairs. Joey is sitting with a baseball bat.

**Joey:** Wow! That didn't take long. I thought you said Tulsa was, like a three hour flight.

**Chandler:** *(pause)* Well, you're forgetting about the time difference.

*(Joey thinks a moment. Then, he nods. Joey follows Chandler into the apartment.)*

**Monica:** *(gasp)* Chandler! You're home!

**Chandler:** That's right. You're husband's home. So, now the sex can stop.

*(Joey gives him and odd look. Monica gives a similar look.)*

**Monica:** What are you saying?

**Chandler:** Joey said that you're in here with another man.

**Monica:** There's no man in here. How [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#accuse\|accuse]] me of that. *(She slaps Chandler.)*

**Joey:** All right. All right. Then, maybe you won't mind if me and my friend take a look around, huh? *(He checks the bathroom shaking the bat. Then he proceeds to their bedroom.)* Bwa-ah-ah!

*(Thudding sounds can be heard from the bedroom.)*

**Chandler:** *(To Monica)* What is he doing?

**Monica:** *(smiling)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#arrange\|arranged]] some [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillows]] on the bed to look like a guy.

**Joey:** *(emerging)* Bedroom is clear, although you might need some new [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillows]].

**Chandler:** All right. Well, I'll check the guest room.

**Joey:** *(sniffing the air and then Monica.)* Why do I smell men's [[Friends-词汇总表#cologne\|cologne]]?

**Monica:** *(sniffing Joey)* I think that's you.

**Joey:** *(sniffs his shirt.)* Oh yeah. I [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rubbed]] a magazine on myself earlier.

**Chandler:** There's nobody here Joe.

**Joey:** I guess not.

**Monica:** I can't believe you thought I was [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheating]]. *(pointing at Joey)* You own me an [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]].

**Joey:** Yeah, right Monica. I'm so sorry.

**Monica:** *(suddenly starts issuing him out)* Ah, it's an [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]]. It could happen to anyone. All right, see ya.

**Joey:** *(spots the suitcase just inside the door where Chandler left it)* Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you just got back from Tulsa, how did your [[Friends-词汇总表#suitcase\|suitcase]] [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] you here?

**Chandler:** *(thinks, then turns to Monica)* I [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] down the fire [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] and you can't put that in the [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]]?


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Mike is reading from a book.

**Mike:** So, except for the [[Friends-词汇总表#fermentation\|fermentation]] process, [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#ale\|ale]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] the same thing. Fascinating isn't it.

**Ross:** Maybe you should look up "[[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinating]]."

*(Phone rings.)*

**Mike:** I'll get it. *(He lunges across Ross's lap on the sofa to reach the phone. Ross stares at him with wide eyes.)* Hello? Ross's place. Mike speaking.

*(pause. Hands phone to Ross) It's for you.*

**Ross:** *(takes the phone, but speaks to Mike)* I don't understand what just happened here.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment " continuing action.

**Joey:** What's going on?

**Chandler:** I'm sorry. I, I told you I was in Tulsa because I wanted to spend the night with Monica and I, I didn't know . . . I didn't think you'd understand.

**Joey:** What? You think I'm too [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] to understand that a [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] needs to be with his wife? Huh? Do you think I'm like, "Duh." *(He strikes himself in the head with the bat. He stands dazed for a moment.)*

**Monica:** Joey?

**Joey:** Yeah? *(His eyes bug out.)*

**Monica:** I don't know what to say. We shouldn't have lied to you.

**Chandler:** Yeah. I feel so bad. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?

**Joey:** *(pause)* Yeah, you could go to the game with me, ah, even though I know you said you couldn't. But then you lied to me and [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|tricked]] me and gave me a [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] on the head.

**Chandler:** I'm sorry. That's the one thing I can't do. I promised I'd be with Monica.

**Joey:** All right.

**Monica:** *(taps chandler on the arm)* You can go.

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** You should go to the game. It's okay. I want you to.

**Chandler:** Really? You're gonna be okay?

**Monica:** Yeah, I'll be fine. You know, maybe I'll stay here and practice the art of [[Friends-词汇总表#seduction\|seduction]].

**Chandler:** You're gonna put on [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweats]] and clean, aren't you?

**Monica:** It's gonna be so hot! *(She kisses him.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, bye.

**Monica:** Have fun.

**Joey:** Thanks. *(Joey and Chandler exit to the hall. Joey pulls out the tickets and hands one to Chandler.)* Here's your [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]].

**Chandler:** Hey, listen. I'm never going to lie to you again, okay? And I want you to know that nobody thinks you're stupid.

**Joey:** Thanks man.

*(Chandler heads toward the stairs, but makes a turn back to his apartment while looking at the ticket.)*

**Joey:** Where are you going?

**Chandler:** Game's tomorrow night Joe.

*(Chandler goes into the apartment, while Joey checks his ticket and is embarrassed by his stupid mistake.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Rachel and Phoebe enter.)

**Rachel:** Hi.

*(Everyone exchanges greetings.)*

**Ross:** Oh God. *(He hugs Rachel)*

**Rachel:** Oh . . .

**Mike:** I'm so glad you're back. *(He hugs Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh.

**Rachel:** Wow. So, what did you guys do?

**Ross:** Oh, you know . . . we just drank some [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] and Mike played with the [[Friends-词汇总表#boundary\|boundaries]] of normal social [[Friends-词汇总表#conduct\|conduct]].

**Mike:** It's true. I did.

**Phoebe:** *(pause)* Well, good bye.

*(Okays, and good byes are exchanged all around.)*

**Rachel:** That was fun Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** I know. That was fun. *(She and Mike exit.)*

**Rachel:** See you guys. *(She closes the door.)*

**Ross:** Rachel, [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] the door. Lock the door, seriously.

**Rachel:** Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]]. I forgot to pay Phoebe for the drinks. *(She exits to the hallway and closes the door behind her.)* Wait, wait. Sorry. Did he call? Did that guy call?

**Mike:** No. Just his mom.

**Rachel:** Oh, around 8:30?

**Mike:** Yeah.

**Rachel:** Then, again at 9:00?

**Mike:** *(nods)* uh-huh.

**Rachel:** Yeah.

*(Inside the apartment the phone rings. Ross answers it.)*

**Ross:** Hello. *(listens)* Ah, no, she's not here right now. Can I take a message?

*(grabs a pad and pen) Bill from the bar? (writes) Okay, "Bill from the bar." I'll make sure she gets your number.*

*(He hangs up the phone and tears the note off the pad. Then, he stops and re-reads it. Rachel enters.)*

**Rachel:** Aaah. *(She goes to tend Emma.)*

**Ross:** So, ah . . . So, how was it? Uh, did you guys. . . Did you guys have a good time?

**Rachel:** Oh, it was so much fun. It felt so good to be out.

**Ross:** *(holds up the message)* Uh, Rach.

**Rachel:** *(still looking at Emma)* Yeah?

**Ross:** *(pauses, then crunches up the note and stuffs it in his pocket.)* Never mind.


> [!scene] END


> [!scene] Tag Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike are on the sofa. Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey you guys. *(He sits.)*

**Mike:** Hey.

**Phoebe:** Hey. I'll be right back. I've got to go to the bathroom. *(She rises and exits.)*

*(Ross and Mike glance at each other then both suddenly turn to Phoebe who is gone. They sheepishly exchange glances.)*

**Mike:** *(finally)* Stout. That's a kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]].

*(Ross smiles slightly. Then he gives a single nod that lifts him to his feet. He exits the coffee shop.*


> [!scene] END TAG





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（33）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 7 | 281 | 110 | *Okay. You too. And I hope you score.  Bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 4 | 385 | 206 | *Oh well, well thank you.  Okay, stop. Stop looking at me like that. The last time that happened,  th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 4 | 116 | 71 | *Well, we're not here to meet guys. You have a boyfriend, I have a b. . . baby and a Ross.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#divorce\|divorce]] | /di'vɒ:s/ | n. 离婚 | n. the legal dissolution of a marriage | 3 | 84 | 53 | *I don't know. But, you know, we, we have a lot in common, you know. He plays piano; I played keyboar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lie\|lie]] | /lai/ | n. 谎言, 假象, 位置 | n. a statement that deviates from or perverts the truth | 3 | 109 | 81 | *So, you lied to him?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 2 | 115 | 97 | *Chandler look, I don't want to be one of those wives who says, "You can't go to the game. You have t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 2 | 168 | 121 | *We don't. But I thought it would be nice to get to know him. You know, maybe have a little dinner, d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Oh that's so cute: Ross and Mike's first date. Is that going to be awkward? I mean, what are you guy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Oh give me , , ,  Hi, Mike? Hi. Listen. I know this is a lot to ask, but you know what? If you do th* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Chandler Bing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 1 | 253 | 119 | *Hey. How come you're answering your own phone? Where's your crazy assistant?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Chandler look, I don't want to be one of those wives who says, "You can't go to the game. You have t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 1 | 135 | 75 | *Wow!  Wow, You look . . . uh . . . It's just, ah . . . That dress . . . uh . . .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Oh right, right.  So, are you . . . ah . . . you excited about your, your first night away from Emma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *Oh, it's fine. Actually, I, I invited Mike over.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *I didn't know you guys hung out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *We don't. But I thought it would be nice to get to know him. You know, maybe have a little dinner, d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Well, it looks great. It's just that . . . well, I'm wearing the same thing underneath. So . . .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *I don't know how to tell you this but, uh . . . I think Monica's cheatin' on ya. I told you shouldn'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 1 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely. You'd do it for me. Not that you ever have to because I know how to keep my women satisf* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Oh God. Remember the girls' nights we used to have sitting around talking about you and Ross?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 1 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me. Um, these are from the two gentlemen at the end of the bar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Aren't you afraid that Joey's going to figure all of this out?  I heard it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 1 | 109 | 68 | *Oh my God. I can't believe you live in that building. My grandmother lives in that building. Ida Gre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 1 | 118 | 88 | *No. No, because I know exactly how the conversation's gonna go. "Hey Ross, you know, I think we had * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Well, you're forgetting about the time difference.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *I guess not.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speak\|speak]] | /spi:k/ | vi. 说, 说话, 演说, 发言 | v. use language | 1 | 70 | 61 | *I'll get it.  Hello? Ross's place. Mike speaking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *I'm sorry. That's the one thing I can't do. I promised I'd be with Monica.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Hey, listen. I'm never going to lie to you again, okay? And I want you to know that nobody thinks yo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 1 | 121 | 86 | *I'm so glad you're back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *No. Just his mom.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 1 | 133 | 83 | *Hey. I'll be right back. I've got to go to the bathroom.* |

### 常用词（54）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beer]] | /biә/ | n. 啤酒 | n. a general name for alcoholic beverages made by fermenting a cereal (or mixtur | 8 | 59 | 37 | *I got beer.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] | /i'skeip/ | n. 逃亡, 避难设备, 逃跑 | n. the act of escaping physically | 4 | 13 | 10 | *All right. I've got a plan. I'll go down the fire escape.* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 3 | 204 | 33 | *Oh right, right.  So, are you . . . ah . . . you excited about your, your first night away from Emma* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 3 | 49 | 33 | *We don't. But I thought it would be nice to get to know him. You know, maybe have a little dinner, d* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheat\|cheat]] | /tʃi:t/ | n. 欺骗, 作弊, 骗子 | n. a deception for profit to yourself | 3 | 21 | 17 | *Don't you think it's better for him to think that you're cheating on me, than for him to think that * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 2 | 38 | 14 | *No, no, no. When you get home tomorrow night, you and I are going to be at the Wizzards-Knicks game * |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 2 | 49 | 38 | *Oooh. Girl's night out indeed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 古生物学者 | n. a specialist in paleontology | 2 | 18 | 14 | *So, you're a paleontologist, right?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#complicate\|complicate]] | /'kɒmplikeit/ | vt. 弄复杂, 使错综, 使恶化 | v. make more complicated | 2 | 25 | 21 | *Achhh. It's always better to lie than to have the complicated discussion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 2 | 68 | 39 | *Oh my God. I can't believe you live in that building. My grandmother lives in that building. Ida Gre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 2 | 43 | 30 | *Wha. . . hey!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 2 | 38 | 28 | *Oh give me , , ,  Hi, Mike? Hi. Listen. I know this is a lot to ask, but you know what? If you do th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 2 | 68 | 42 | *That's right. You're husband's home. So, now the sex can stop.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 2 | 28 | 22 | *I arranged some pillows on the bed to look like a guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lock\|lock]] | /lɒk/ | n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发 | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed | 2 | 35 | 29 | *Rachel, lock the door. Lock the door, seriously.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *Braid each other's hair and ride horseback on the beach?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *Yeah. Maybe Michael Jordon will dive for the ball and break my jaw with his knee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 1 | 24 | 22 | *But hey, it's courtside. The cheerleaders are going to be right in fr. . .  That's not the way to co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#precious\|precious]] | /'preʃәs/ | a. 宝贵的, 珍贵的, 过于精致的, 珍爱的 | s. of high worth or cost | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Tell him that you haven't seen your wife in a long time. Tell him that having a long-distance relati* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Well, I hope the ends of these sentences are good.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awkward\|awkward]] | /'ɒ:kwәd/ | a. 笨拙的, 棘手的 | s. causing inconvenience | 1 | 34 | 24 | *Oh that's so cute: Ross and Mike's first date. Is that going to be awkward? I mean, what are you guy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 1 | 38 | 30 | *I got bottled breast milk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *I got bottled breast milk.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 1 | 29 | 19 | *My cousin's a paleontologist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *Cheers.  Okay, buh-bye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *Shouldn't the pizza be here by now? I mean, they said thirty minutes or less. Well, how long has it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] | /'θә:ti/ | num. 三十, 三十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and three | 1 | 34 | 18 | *Shouldn't the pizza be here by now? I mean, they said thirty minutes or less. Well, how long has it * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]] | /i'levn/ | num. 十一, 十一个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Eleven minutes.  And now twelve. So, do you like the beer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Eleven minutes.  And now twelve. So, do you like the beer?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Oh God. It seems like forever ago.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gentleman\|gentleman]] | /'dʒentlmәn/ | n. 绅士, 先生 | n. a man of refinement | 1 | 25 | 20 | *Excuse me. Um, these are from the two gentlemen at the end of the bar.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#potato\|potato]] | /pә'teitәu/ | n. 马铃薯 | n. an edible tuber native to South America; a staple food of Ireland | 1 | 26 | 15 | *Oooh. Let's do. Let's send them mashed potatoes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stair]] | /stєә/ | n. 梯级, 楼梯, 阶梯 | n support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a | 1 | 19 | 13 | *Hear me out woman. I'll go down the fire escape. Then, I'll wait for a while. Then, when I come up t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Scary pigeon's back?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pigeon\|pigeon]] | /'pidʒin/ | n. 鸽子, 易上当受骗的人, 年轻女子 | n. wild and domesticated birds having a heavy body and short legs | 1 | 18 | 12 | *Scary pigeon's back?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *Oh my God. I can't believe you live in that building. My grandmother lives in that building. Ida Gre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 1 | 57 | 45 | *"Yeah."  "Me neither."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *I don't know. Do I have to decide right now?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]] | /dєә/ | n. 挑战, 挑动, 大胆 | n. a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy | 1 | 13 | 12 | *There's no man in here. How dare you accuse me of that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 1 | 64 | 45 | *Bedroom is clear, although you might need some new pillows.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rub\|rub]] | /rʌb/ | n. 摩擦, 困难, 障碍, 磨损处 | n. the act of rubbing or wiping | 1 | 26 | 22 | *Oh yeah. I rubbed a magazine on myself earlier.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒi/ | n. 道歉, 辩护 | n. an expression of regret at having caused trouble for someone | 1 | 10 | 10 | *I can't believe you thought I was cheating.  You own me an apology.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honest\|honest]] | /'ɒnist/ | a. 诚实的, 坦直的, 可靠的 | a. not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent | 1 | 29 | 26 | *Ah, it's an honest mistake. It could happen to anyone. All right, see ya.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mistake\|mistake]] | /mis'teik/ | n. 错误, 误会 | n. a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention | 1 | 60 | 45 | *Ah, it's an honest mistake. It could happen to anyone. All right, see ya.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beat\|beat]] | /bi:t/ | n. 心跳(声), 打, 敲打声, 拍子 | n. a regular route for a sentry or policeman | 1 | 35 | 29 | *Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you just got back from Tulsa, how did your suitcase bea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 1 | 25 | 18 | *I climb down the fire escape and you can't put that in the closet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] | /'klɒzit/ | n. 壁橱, 小室 | n. a small private room for study or prayer | 1 | 32 | 20 | *I climb down the fire escape and you can't put that in the closet?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#basically\|basically]] | /'beisikli/ | adv. 基本上, 主要地 | r. in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature | 1 | 25 | 22 | *So, except for the fermentation process, beer and ale are basically the same thing. Fascinating isn'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dumb\|dumb]] | /dʌm/ | a. 哑的, 不说话的, 无声音的 | s. lacking the power of human speech | 1 | 24 | 20 | *What? You think I'm too dumb to understand that a husband needs to be with his wife? Huh? Do you thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trick\|trick]] | /trik/ | n. 诡计, 欺诈, 谋略, 恶作剧, 习惯, 决窍 | n. a cunning or deceitful action or device | 1 | 25 | 19 | *Yeah, you could go to the game with me, ah, even though I know you said you couldn't. But then you l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bump\|bump]] | /bʌmp/ | n. 撞击, 肿块 | n. a lump on the body caused by a blow | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Yeah, you could go to the game with me, ah, even though I know you said you couldn't. But then you l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *You're gonna put on sweats and clean, aren't you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 1 | 30 | 18 | *Thanks.  Here's your ticket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Oh shoot. I forgot to pay Phoebe for the drinks.  Wait, wait. Sorry. Did he call? Did that guy call?* |

### 低频词（41）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tulsa\|tulsa]] | /'tʌlsә/ | n. 塔尔萨（美国俄克拉菏马州东北部城市） | n. a major city of northeastern Oklahoma on the Arkansas river; once known as th | 6 | 43 | 8 | *Because I didn't know how to tell him that I couldn't go to the Knicks game. So, I just told him tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#courtside\|courtside]] | /'kɔ:tsaid/ | n. (网球等的)球场边缘区 |  | 4 | 5 | 2 | *No, no, no. When you get home tomorrow night, you and I are going to be at the Wizzards-Knicks game * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seduction\|seduction]] | /si'dʌkʃәn/ | n. 教唆, 怂恿, 诱惑, 诱惑物, 诱饵 | n. enticing someone astray from right behavior | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Oh, because, um . . . well, Chandler's going to be home in a couple of days. So, I thought I would, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lager\|lager]] | /'lɑ:gә/ | n. 贮陈啤酒 | n. a general term for beer made with bottom fermenting yeast (usually by decocti | 3 | 3 | 1 | *I do. I do. Although, it's actually a lager.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piano\|piano]] | /pi'ɑ:nәu/ | n. 钢琴 | n. a keyboard instrument that is played by depressing keys that cause hammers to | 2 | 10 | 7 | *I don't know. But, you know, we, we have a lot in common, you know. He plays piano; I played keyboar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#keyboard\|keyboard]] | /'ki:bɒ:d/ | n. 键盘 | n. device consisting of a set of keys on a piano or organ or typewriter or types | 2 | 6 | 4 | *I don't know. But, you know, we, we have a lot in common, you know. He plays piano; I played keyboar* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fascinate\|fascinate]] | /'fæsineit/ | vt. 令人入神, 使着迷 | v. to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe | 2 | 10 | 9 | *So, except for the fermentation process, beer and ale are basically the same thing. Fascinating isn'* |
| lynn | /lin/ | n. 林恩（姓氏） |  | 1 | 7 | 3 | *Yep. That's a lot of cats Jo Lynn. Single are ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#braid\|braid]] | /breid/ | n. 辫子, 穗带 | n. a hairdo formed by braiding or twisting the hair | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Braid each other's hair and ride horseback on the beach?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horseback\|horseback]] | /'hɒ:sbæk/ | n. 马背 | n. the back of a horse | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Braid each other's hair and ride horseback on the beach?* |
| jordon |  | [人名] [英格兰人姓氏] 乔登 Jordan的变体 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. Maybe Michael Jordon will dive for the ball and break my jaw with his knee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dive\|dive]] | /daiv/ | n. 潜水, 跳水 | n. a headlong plunge into water | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Yeah. Maybe Michael Jordon will dive for the ball and break my jaw with his knee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jaw\|jaw]] | /dʒɒ:/ | n. 颚, 颌 | n. the part of the skull of a vertebrate that frames the mouth and holds the tee | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Yeah. Maybe Michael Jordon will dive for the ball and break my jaw with his knee.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] | /'tʃiәli:dә/ | n. 啦啦队长 | n. an enthusiastic and vocal supporter | 1 | 10 | 9 | *But hey, it's courtside. The cheerleaders are going to be right in fr. . .  That's not the way to co* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#indeed\|indeed]] | /in'di:d/ | adv. 的确, 实在, 真正地, 甚至 | r. in truth (often tends to intensify) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oooh. Girl's night out indeed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underneath\|underneath]] | /.ʌndә'ni:θ/ | adv. 在下面 | r. on the lower or downward side; on the underside of | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Well, it looks great. It's just that . . . well, I'm wearing the same thing underneath. So . . .* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yah\|yah]] | /jɑ:/ | interj. (表示嘲笑、厌恶的)唷 |  | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Yah.* |
| cheatin |  | [网络] 骗子 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I don't know how to tell you this but, uh . . . I think Monica's cheatin' on ya. I told you shouldn'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hotter\|hotter]] | /'hɔtә(r)/ | a. 热的；热烈的 | a used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or g | 1 | 7 | 6 | *I don't know how to tell you this but, uh . . . I think Monica's cheatin' on ya. I told you shouldn'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#satisfy\|satisfy]] | /'sætisfai/ | vt. 使满意, 满足, 符合, 使确信, 赔偿 | v. meet the requirements or expectations of | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Absolutely. You'd do it for me. Not that you ever have to because I know how to keep my women satisf* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mash\|mash]] | /mæʃ/ | n. 碎麦芽, 饲料, 糊状物 | n. a mixture of mashed malt grains and hot water; used in brewing | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oooh. Let's do. Let's send them mashed potatoes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#affair\|affair]] | /ә'fєә/ | n. 事件, 事务, 恋爱事件 | n. a usually secretive or illicit sexual relationship | 1 | 13 | 6 | *I don't want him to think that I'm having an affair.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ida\|ida]] | /'aidә/ | [计] 间接数据地址, 交互式数据分析, 智能数据存取 | n an agency of the United Nations affiliated with the World Bank | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God. I can't believe you live in that building. My grandmother lives in that building. Ida Gre* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spud\|spud]] | /spʌd/ | n. 除草铲, 剥树皮用的铲刀, 马铃薯 | n. a sharp hand shovel for digging out roots and weeds | 1 | 1 | 1 | *"Spuds" is your grandmother?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bubby\|bubby]] | /'bʌbi/ | n. 乳房 | n. A woman's breast. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That's my bubby!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impulse\|impulse]] | /'impʌls/ | n. 冲动, 驱使, 刺激, 推动, 冲力, 建议, 脉冲 | n. the act of applying force suddenly | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I don't know. He was cute, and he liked me. It was an impulse.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imitation\|imitation]] | /.imi'teiʃәn/ | n. 模仿, 效法, 冒充, 赝品 | n. the doctrine that representations of nature or human behavior should be accur | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah, I see what you mean. By the way, nice Ross imitation.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whiny\|whiny]] | /'waini, 'hwaini/ | a. 好发牢骚的, 嘀咕不停的,烦躁的 | s habitually complaining | 1 | 2 | 2 | *But, your Rachel wasn't whiny enough.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intercept\|intercept]] | /.intә'sept/ | n. 截取, 妨碍, 截距 | n. the point at which a line intersects a coordinate axis | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm so sorry honey, but, okay, Rachel gave this guy her number and, um, she doesn't want Ross to ans* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirtier\|dirtier]] |  | a. 下流的, 卑鄙的；污秽的；恶劣的；暗淡的 (dirty的变形) | a soiled or likely to soil with dirt or grime | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right. I'll do it.  But really, how much dirtier can it get?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#accuse\|accuse]] | /ә'kju:z/ | vt. 指责, 控告, 归咎于 | v. bring an accusation against; level a charge against | 1 | 3 | 3 | *There's no man in here. How dare you accuse me of that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arrange\|arrange]] | /ә'reindʒ/ | v. 安排, 排列, 达成协议 | v. put into a proper or systematic order | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I arranged some pillows on the bed to look like a guy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cologne\|cologne]] | /kә'lәun/ | n. 科隆, 科隆香水 | n. a commercial center and river port in western Germany on the Rhine River; flo | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Why do I smell men's cologne?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suitcase\|suitcase]] | /'sju:tkeis/ | n. 手提箱 | n a portable rectangular container for carrying clothes | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you just got back from Tulsa, how did your suitcase bea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fermentation\|fermentation]] | /,fә:men'teiʃәn/ | n. 发酵 | n a state of agitation or turbulent change or development | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So, except for the fermentation process, beer and ale are basically the same thing. Fascinating isn'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ale\|ale]] | /eil/ | n. 麦芽酒 | n. a general name for beer made with a top fermenting yeast; in some of the Unit | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So, except for the fermentation process, beer and ale are basically the same thing. Fascinating isn'* |
| duh | /du:/ | int. [表示犹豫、不快或轻蔑等]咄 |  | 1 | 7 | 7 | *What? You think I'm too dumb to understand that a husband needs to be with his wife? Huh? Do you thi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boundary\|boundary]] | /'baundri/ | n. 边界, 分界线 | n. the line or plane indicating the limit or extent of something | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, you know . . . we just drank some beer and Mike played with the boundaries of normal social cond* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conduct\|conduct]] | /'kɔndʌkt, -dәkt/ | n. 行为, 举动, 指导 | v. direct the course of; manage or control | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, you know . . . we just drank some beer and Mike played with the boundaries of normal social cond* |
| aaah |  | abbr. American Association for the Advancement of the Humani |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Aaah.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stout\|stout]] | /staut/ | a. 结实的；矮胖的；勇敢的；激烈的 | n. a strong very dark heavy-bodied ale made from pale malt and roasted unmalted  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Stout. That's a kind of beer.* |
