---
season: 9
episode: "10"
title: "Friends 910 - The One With Christmas In Tulsa"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S09E10 — Friends 910 - The One With Christmas In Tulsa

Friends

**Aired:** 12/12/2002

*Written by: Doty Abrams Directed by: Kevin S. Bright*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, everyone's there; Phoebe recites the last verse of a poem to Joey. This poem is known as "The Night Before Christmas" by Clement Clarke Moore, but it seems that it's rather "Account of a visit from St. Nicholas" by Henry Livingston.

**Phoebe:** ...sprang to his [[Friends-词汇总表#sleigh\|sleigh]], to his team gave a [[Friends-词汇总表#whistle\|whistle]]; and away they all [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flew]] like the down of a [[Friends-词汇总表#thistle\|thistle]]; but I heard him [[Friends-词汇总表#exclaim\|exclaim]], [[Friends-词汇总表#ere\|ere]] he drove out of [[Friends-词汇总表#sight\|sight]], "Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight!"

**Joey:** *(impressed)* Wow, that was great! You really wrote that?

**Phoebe:** *(smiling)* Uh-huh.

**Chandler:** *(coming from the bedroom)* Say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] [[Friends-词汇总表#elf\|elves]], I'm off to Tulsa.

**Monica:** I can't believe you're not gonna be here for Christmas.

**Ross:** You're really not coming back?

**Chandler:** Yeah, we have all this [[Friends-词汇总表#paperwork\|paperwork]] that needs to be filed by the end of the year. If I don't get it done, I'll be fired.

**Monica:** It's so [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]], you don't even like your job!

**Chandler:** So, who does?

**Phoebe:** Oh, I like my job.

**Joey:** I *love* my job.

**Rachel:** Yeah, I can't *wait* to go back to work.

**Ross:** I can't get *enough* [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaurs]]!

**Chandler:** I'm sorry, I won't be here.

**Monica:** It's just... It's hard enough not seeing you during the week, but for Christmas... alright, if this is what you have to do, I understand.

**Chandler:** Thanks. *(they kiss)* I'll see you New Year's Day.

**Monica:** *(shocked)* You're not gonna be here New Year's Eve??

**Chandler:** Did I not [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] that?

**Monica:** No!

**Chandler:** *(thinks for a second, then waves his arms, exclaiming:)* AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT! *(and runs out of the apartment)* *Opening Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler's Office in Tulsa, in the conference room. Chandler's staff/co-workers are sitting round the table; Chandler is walking around, when he notices a piece of paper attached to the back of his chair.

**Chandler:** All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas Eve and you'd rather be with your families, but there's *no* call *(he takes it off)* for writing "Screw you, Mr. Bing!" on the back of my chair! *(he looks at it)* -- By the way, you can all call me Chandler.

*(Wendy enters the conference room, carrying a cardboard box.)*

**Wendy:** Hey!

**Others:** Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey. Where've you been?

**Wendy:** I was, uh, checking out that insurance company's Christmas party on three, oh, it was really beautiful, they have all these [[Friends-词汇总表#decoration\|decorations]] and this huge tree and I just, uh... to hell with them, we have to work. -- So I stole ther [[Friends-词汇总表#ham\|ham]]. *(She turns the cardboard box upside down over the conference table, a big piece of ham falls out.)*

**Chandler:** *(to the others)* You hear that? You may not be with your families, but at least it's gonna smell like [[Friends-词汇总表#ham\|ham]] in here.

**Claudia:** My kid's in a play right now.

**Chandler:** Y'know what, I know what will [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] you guys up! *(he starts spreading envelopes among them)* I had a little talk with the boys in New York, told 'em about all the hard work you've been doing and that a little Christmas [[Friends-词汇总表#bonus\|bonus]] may be in order.

**Ken:** *(reading off his card)* "A [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]] has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet".

**Chandler:** Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want me to say it? This sucks. Being here sucks! This work sucks!

**Wendy:** *Now* it feels like Christmas.

**Chandler:** I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go back to an [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] hotel room and [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] down on a very [[Friends-词汇总表#questionable\|questionable]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bedspread\|bedspread]]. And then tomorrow morning, you get to have Christmas morning in your own houses, [[Friends-词汇总表#wich\|wich]], by the way, none of you have invited me to.

**Ken:** You can come to my house!

**Chandler:** Haha, no thanks!

**Wendy:** That was a nice [[Friends-词汇总表#pep\|pep]]-talk.

**Chandler:** Oh, thanks! I'm... actually thinking about becoming a [[Friends-词汇总表#motivational\|motivational]] [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]].

**Wendy:** So, if you were home right now, what would you be doing?

**Chandler:** Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty traditional...


> [!scene] Flashback to 410 - TOW The Girl From Poughkeepsie


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing her holiday song.

**Phoebe:** So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me. *(singing:)* "Went to the store, sat on Santa's [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]]. Asked him to bring my friends all kinds of [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]. Said all you need is to write them a song. Now, you haven't heard it yet, so don't try to [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] along. No, don't sing along. Monica, Moncia, have a happy Hanukkah. Saw Santa Claus, he said hello to Ross. And please tell Joey, Christmas will be [[Friends-词汇总表#snowy\|snowy]]! And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!" Happy holidays, everybody!


> [!scene] Flashback to 610 - TOW The Routine


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment, Chandler is there. Phoebe and Rachel enter.

**Rachel:** Okay, Pheebs, you look in the kitchen, I will look in the back [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]].

**Chandler:** I can save you time ladies, I'm right here.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, Chandler why don't you take a walk? This doesn't [[Friends-词汇总表#concern\|concern]] you.

**Rachel:** We are looking for our Christmas presents from Monica.

**Chandler:** What? That's terrible!

**Phoebe:** No-no, we do it every year!

**Chandler:** Oh well, that, that makes it not terrible.

**Phoebe:** No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us, that [[Friends-词汇总表#wily\|wily]]... [[Friends-词汇总表#minx\|minx]].

**Rachel:** Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, and then we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?

**Chandler:** No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!

**Phoebe:** Oh no, we have to!

**Chandler:** No, you don't have to, and you can't because I, I live here too.

**Phoebe:** Well then, you should look with us.

**Chandler:** Why?

**Rachel:** Chandler, aren't you worried about what to get Monica for Christmas?

**Chandler:** No, I have a great idea for a present for her.

**Phoebe:** Oh, that's it? *(Mimics Chandler)* A great idea! Oh yeah.

**Rachel:** Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?

**Chandler:** If I help, we can find 'em [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]]!

**Rachel:** That's right!

*(Phoebe looks under the couch)*

**Phoebe:** Ooh ooh, we have a live one!

**Rachel:** Oh, it's a Macy's bag!

*(Phoebe tips it upside down, and a shoe falls out)*

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Phoebe:** Ooh, who's it for?

**Rachel:** *(Reading from a tag that's attached to the shoe)* "Dear [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|losers]], do you really think I'd [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] presents under the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]? P.S.: Chandler, I knew they'd break you."


> [!scene] Flashback to 209 - TOW Phoebe's Dad


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Joey and Chandler are giving out their Christmas presents out of a cardboard box from a case of motor oil.

**Joey:** Rach, these are for you.

**Rachel:** Wiper [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blades]]. I don't even have a car.

**Joey:** No, but with this new car smell, you'll think you do.

**Chandler:** OK, Pheebs, your turn.

**Phoebe:** Ahh, [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?

**Joey:** Uh-huh.

**Phoebe:** You guuuyys.

**Joey:** And for Ross, Mr. Sweet-[[Friends-词汇总表#tooth\|tooth]].

**Ross:** You got me a [[Friends-词汇总表#cola\|cola]] drink?

**Chandler:** And, a [[Friends-词汇总表#lemon\|lemon]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|lime]].

**Ross:** Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]].

**Chandler:** And last but not least.

*(Chandler and Joey give Monica a pack of condoms.)*

**Joey:** They're [[Friends-词汇总表#rib\|ribbed]] for *your* [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]].


> [!scene] Flashback to 710 - TOW The Holiday Armadillo


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler and Phoebe's, Ross is costumed as an Armadillo.

**Ross:** Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the Festival of Lights?

**Ben:** Cool!

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Monica:** Come on Ben.

*(Monica and Ben sit down on the couch.)*

**Ross:** Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees...

**Chandler:** *(entering in a Santa costume)* Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!

**Ben:** Santa! *(Runs to Chandler and hugs him)*

**Chandler:** Hey! *(Grunts as Ben hits him at full speed.)*

**Ross:** What are you doing here, Santa?

**Chandler:** Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...[[Friends-词汇总表#turtle\|turtle]]-man?

**Ross:** I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] I'd never thought I'd say.

*(They walk to the kitchen; everyone is lowering their voices)*

**Ross:** *(to Chandler)* What are you doing?

**Chandler:** You called everyone and said you were having [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] finding a Santa [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]], so I [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] one from a guy at work!

**Ross:** Thank you, but, but you, you gotta leave.

**Chandler:** Why?

**Ross:** Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wrecking]] it.

**Chandler:** But I didn't get to [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shake]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]] like a [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] full of [[Friends-词汇总表#jelly\|jelly]].

**Ross:** I'm sorry Chandler, but this, this is really important to me.

**Chandler:** Fine, I'll give the [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] back.

*(Ross turns around and walks back to Ben.)*

**Monica:** *(to Chandler)* Hey, you think, you can keep it another night? *(She has a really teasing look on her face and keeps twirling Chandler's beard.)*

**Chandler:** Santa? Really?

**Monica:** Yeah, is that okay?

**Chandler:** Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?

**Monica:** No.

**Chandler:** Then it's okaaay! *(They kiss.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Back in the conference room in Tulsa.

**Chandler:** You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your families. It's bad enough that we're working New Year's Eve.

*(All others are looking up, surprised)*

**Chandler:** Did I not tell *anyone* about New Year's Eve? -- Alright, look, go! Go home, okay? Merry Christmas! Go.

*(All are leaving, wishing each other a Merry Christmas, peace on earth, etc. Only Wendy stays.)*

**Chandler:** Good, God's speed, good people! *(he starts to close the door, turns around and sees Wendy)* You're not gonna go?

**Wendy:** Naah... I couldn't leave you alone.

**Chandler:** Ah. Thanks.

**Wendy:** Besides, I can't leave until their Christmas party [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] clears out; there are some *[[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|pissed]] off* insurance people looking for that [[Friends-词汇总表#ham\|ham]].

**Chandler:** Ah. *(The phone rings; he answers it)* Chandler Bing.


> [!scene] Scene change back an forth: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, Monica's on the other end of the line. The phone's speaker is turned on, so the rest of the gang, sitting around the phone, can hear Chandler.

**Monica:** Hi Honey! We're all here; we just want to wish you a Merry Christmas.

**Others:** *(simultaneously)* Merry Christmas! *(except for Phoebe...)*

**Phoebe:** *(simultaneous to the others)* Ble-blah-blar Blargh!

*(All the others look at her, stunned/incredulous)*

**Chandler:** Ahh, Merry Christmas; I miss you guys!

**Monica:** So is it [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]]? Is everybody working really hard?

**Chandler:** Ah, well no, it's just uh, me and Wendy.

**Monica:** Wendy? -- That sounds like a girl's name.

**Chandler:** It is. Did I... not tell you about her?

**Monica:** Umhmm, umhmm, about the time you told me about New Year's Eve. Where is everybody else?

**Chandler:** I sent them home.

**Monica:** Ohh, you are such a good [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]]! Is she pretty?

**Chandler:** Uhh, uh...

**Ross:** *(in a low voice)* Answer [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]], answer faster!

**Chandler:** I don't know!

**Ross:** *(in the same low voice)* Answer better, answer better!

**Chandler:** I don't think of her that way, you know, she's a, she's a [[Friends-词汇总表#colleague\|colleague]].

**Monica:** What does she do there?

**Chandler:** Oh, she's regional Vice President; She's... just below me.

**Monica:** She did WHAT?

**Chandler:** BE-LOW me!

**Joey:** Ahh, wait, is Wendy the [[Friends-词汇总表#runner\|runner]]-up Miss Oklahoma?

**Monica:** *What*??

**Chandler:** Well, she... she didn't win...

**Monica:** Alright, well, maybe I should let you and the second [[Friends-词汇总表#prettiest\|prettiest]] girl in Oklahoma get back to work.

**Chandler:** Well, second [[Friends-词汇总表#prettiest\|prettiest]] that year; I mean, of *all* the girls in Oklahoma, she's probably...

**Rachel:** *(interrupting him)* Oh Chandler, stop talking!

**Chandler:** Honey, there's really nothing to worry about.

**Monica:** Okay.

**Chandler:** I'm serious!

**Monica:** Okay!

**Chandler:** Merry Christmas.

**Monica:** Merry Christmas.

**Chandler:** Merry Christmas, you guys!

**Others:** *(simultaneously)* Yeah, Merry... Christmas. *(again, Phoebe...)*

**Phoebe:** *(simultaneous to the others)* Blah blargah, blar-blab.

*(Again the others just look at her, silent, puzzled.)*


> [!scene] Scene: back in the conference room in Tulsa

**Chandler:** *(hanging up the phone)* The wife says "Hi!".

**Wendy:** Ah. Fun [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]]?

**Chandler:** Ah well, she's got this weird idea, that, uh, y'know, just because you and I are alone, that something is gonna happen.

**Wendy:** Huh? Really? -- Hm, that'd be so terrible? *(She gets hold of Chandler's tie, slowly moving her hands upwards on the tie, getting closer and closer to him, seductive.)*

**Chandler:** This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about, but... you're getting [[Friends-词汇总表#ham\|ham]] on my only [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]].

*(She's getting closer to him, the scene fades to black.)*


> [!scene] Scene: The conference room in Tulsa again, Chandler is trying to evade Wendy

**Chandler:** Whoa-ho, back off, Missy! *(He takes a step back, but she still keeps her grip on his tie.)*

**Wendy:** *(laughs)* ...Missy?

**Chandler:** I don't know; I'm not used to girls making passes at me! ... *(She lets go of his tie)* Wait a minute... am I sexy in Oklahoma?

**Wendy:** You are to me... *(She gets closer again, putting her arms around his torso.)*

**Chandler:** *(flattered)* No,... no... *(realizing)* NO! *(He quickly gets several steps away from her.)* Look, I'm, I'm married!

**Wendy:** So? I'm married. *(Showing him the ring on her finger.)*

**Chandler:** I'm *[[Friends-词汇总表#happily\|happily]]* married.

**Wendy:** Oh. - What's *that* like?

**Chandler:** Right. So, I'm sorry...

**Wendy:** Seriously? Happily married. So that phone call before, that was ... happy?

**Chandler:** Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]], you know. She's [[Friends-词汇总表#entitle\|entitled]] to be a little [[Friends-词汇总表#paranoid\|paranoid]]... or, in this case: right on money! ... You know, she's amazing, and beautiful, and smart, and if she were here right now, ...she'd kick your ass. Look, you're a really nice person... [[Friends-词汇总表#ham\|ham]] stealing and [[Friends-词汇总表#adultery\|adultery]] [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]]. But, what I have with my wife is pretty great, so nothing is ever gonna happen between us.

**Wendy:** Okay, let me ask you something: if what you and your wife have is so great, then why are you spending Christmas with me?

*(Chandler starts to think about it...)*


> [!scene] Flashback to 716 - TOW The Truth About London


> [!scene] Scene: London, Chandler's hotel room. He was getting ready for bed when Monica pays him a visit and they started talking

**Chandler:** I mean, you were the most beautiful woman in the room tonight!

**Monica:** Really?

**Chandler:** You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... *(She jumps up and kisses him.)* *(Breaking the kiss.)* Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?

**Monica:** Well, not anymore.

**Chandler:** But we don't do that.

**Monica:** I know, I just thought it would be fun.

**Chandler:** How drunk are you?

**Monica:** Drunk enough that I know I wanna do this. Not so drunk that you should feel [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] about taking advantage.

**Chandler:** *(thinks)* That's the perfect amount!

**Monica:** Okay!

*(They run to the bed, sit down, and start making out again.)*

**Monica:** *(breaking the kiss)* Y'know what's weird?

**Chandler:** What?

**Monica:** This doesn't feel weird!

**Chandler:** I know.

**Monica:** You're a really good [[Friends-词汇总表#kisser\|kisser]].

**Chandler:** Well, I have kissed over four women. *(They kiss again.)* Do you wanna get under the covers?

**Monica:** Hm-hmm!

**Chandler:** Okay!

*(They do so and they take off their clothes.)*

**Monica:** Wow! You are really fast!

**Chandler:** It [[Friends-词汇总表#bode\|bodes]] well for me that speed [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impresses]] you.

**Monica:** We're gonna see each other naked.

**Chandler:** Yep!

**Monica:** Do you wanna do it at the same time?

**Chandler:** Count of three?

**Monica:** One!

**Chandler:** Two!

**Monica:** Two!

**Both:** Three! *(They lift up the covers and check each other out, then come back up with silly grins on their faces.)*

**Chandler:** Well I think it's safe to say that our [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] is [[Friends-词汇总表#effectively\|effectively]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruined]].

**Monica:** Eh, we weren't that close anyway!

**Chandler:** Eh! *(They start making out again)*


> [!scene] Flashback to 503 - TOW The Triplets


> [!scene] Scene: A hallway in the hospital, Monica and Chandler are talking.

**Chandler:** So, are you really gonna go out with that [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]] man?

**Monica:** Well uh, you and I are just [[Friends-词汇总表#goof\|goofing]] around, I thought, why not just goof around with him.

**Chandler:** Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term [[Friends-词汇总表#goof\|goofing]] around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new [[Friends-词汇总表#fangled\|fangled]] dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am *so* bad at this.

**Monica:** I think you're better than you think you are.

**Chandler:** Really? Okay, so...

**Monica:** *(interrupting)* Know when to stop.

**Chandler:** Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?

**Monica:** Yeah. *(They kiss and as she starts to leave, Chandler starts to dance. Without turning around:)* Don't do the dance.

**Chandler:** Right!


> [!scene] Flashback to 524 - TOI Vegas, Part II


> [!scene] Scene: The Gift Shop, Monica and Chandler are entering.

**Monica:** I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]], and something blue.

**Chandler:** Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! *(Picks up a blue sweater.)* Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.

**Monica:** You're so [[Friends-词汇总表#efficient\|efficient]]. I love you!

**Chandler:** Let's go! *(Starts to leave.)*

**Monica:** No-no-no, wait! We need something old!

**Chandler:** Oh, okay, I have [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] in my [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]] that I've had since I was [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]].

**Monica:** That'll work!

**Chandler:** I don't think so.

**Monica:** Okay, now we just need something [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]]!

**Chandler:** *(looks around)* Here just...take this. *(Hands her the sweater.)*

**Monica:** That's stealing!

**Chandler:** No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress.

*(She does so and it makes her look pregnant.)*

**Monica:** Ohh. *(Rubs her fake stomach.)*

**Chandler:** Okay, one thing at a time. *(They run out to get married.)*


> [!scene] Flashback to 702 - TOW Rachel's Book


> [!scene] Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is looking at the wedding book as Monica enters.

**Monica:** Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.

**Chandler:** Ehh.

**Monica:** Eh, you work for that.

**Chandler:** Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.

**Monica:** You do?!

**Chandler:** Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy, then, then that's what we're gonna do.

**Monica:** Oh, you're so sweet. *(They hug and kiss.)* Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?

**Chandler:** Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.

**Monica:** You thought about that?

**Chandler:** Yeah.

**Monica:** How many kids were we gonna have?

**Chandler:** Uh, four, a boy, [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] girls and another boy.

**Monica:** What else did you think about?

**Chandler:** Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] their [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bikes]] and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] on its [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] and we could hear it every time it ran through the little [[Friends-词汇总表#kitty\|kitty]] door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]] where Joey could grow old.

**Monica:** *(laughs)* Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] wedding.

**Chandler:** Sure you do.

**Monica:** No, I want everything that you just said. I want a [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]].

**Chandler:** You sure?

**Monica:** Uh-hmm.

**Chandler:** I love you so much.

**Monica:** I love you. *(They kiss.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, everyone except Chandler is there; they're opening their presents

**Rachel:** *(opens her present from Ross; it's a dark-red scarf)* Oohh, I love it!

**Ross:** Really? You're not gonna return it?

**Rachel:** Well, not this second!

**Phoebe:** *(at the window)* Hey look, you guys, it's snowing!

*(The others all get up and go to the window.)*

**Rachel:** Oh wow, it's so beautiful...

**Ross:** Wow, it really is!

*(They all stand a moment in silence, staring out of the window.)*

**Monica:** "Wendy" is a fat girl name.

**Phoebe:** Aren't we done with that?

**Monica:** Okay, fine. Let's talk about snow. -- Do you think it's snowing in Tulsa, where my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] is having sex on a copying machine?

*(Shortly after that, Chandler enters.)*

**Chandler:** Hey!

*(Surprised, uttering Ahhs and Ohhs, the others are coming over to him.)*

**Ross:** Oh my god...

**Joey:** Hey-heeyyy - Look at that, it's a Christmas [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]]!

**Monica:** What are you doing here?

**Chandler:** I wanted to be with you. I missed you so much.

**Joey:** Hey, hey, uh, who did you miss the most?

**Chandler:** Monica.

**Joey:** Got ya. *(blinks an eye)*

**Chandler:** I never want to leave you again!

**Monica:** But I thought if you left, you get fired.

**Chandler:** Turns out they can't fire me. Because I [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]].

**Monica:** What?

**Ross:** What, you, you really [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] your job?

**Chandler:** Yeah! It's a stupid job, and I could not stand leaving you. And why should I be the only one who doesn't get to do what he *really* wants to do?

**Rachel:** What do you really want to do?

**Chandler:** *(realizing)* I have *not* thought this through!

**Monica:** Oh my god!

**Chandler:** I know, I, I should have talked to you first about it.

**Monica:** No, I think that this is what you wanna do, I think it's great!

**Chandler:** Thanks!

**Phoebe:** Chandler, your being here is the best Christmas present I could have ever [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagined]].

**Chandler:** *(flattered)* Ahh...

**Phoebe:** Now give me my real gift.

*(Chandler hands Phoebe an envelope, and some more to Monica)*

**Phoebe:** *(to Chandler)* Thank you.

**Chandler:** *(to Monica)* Here, pass these, will ya.. *(points to the others)*

*(Monica passes the Envelopes on to Ross, Joey and Rachel.)*

**Ross:** Oh, hey...

*(They all open their envelopes.)*

**Ross:** *(reading off his card)* "A [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]] has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet." -- How did you know?

**Rachel:** Wha... are you kidding? I can't return this.

**Chandler:** I... thought it was a [[Friends-词汇总表#timely\|timely]] start to thinking about other people. Besides, this gift still says I love you guys.

**Joey:** Mine's is to Lilian Myers.

**Chandler:** I don't have a *job*! *Closing Credits*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, Monica is cleaning up, Chandler is sitting on the couch, checking the Job offers in a Newspaper.

**Chandler:** Actuary... no. Book-[[Friends-词汇总表#keeper\|keeper]]... no. Topless [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]]... *(he looks down on himself, checking, then nods satisfied and marks the offer with a pen)* *(to Monica:)* Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are the [[Friends-词汇总表#sole\|sole]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wage\|wage]] [[Friends-词汇总表#earner\|earner]]. *You* are the head of the [[Friends-词汇总表#household\|household]]. I don't do anything - I'm a kept man!

**Monica:** You are! *(she picks up a bill from the table, handing it to Chandler)* Hey, here's [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|bucks]]. -- Why don't you go buy yourself something pretty while I'm at work tomorrow?

*(Chandler looks at the bill, thinking... then looks at the offer in the Newspaper and makes some dancing moves to see if he's up for the job...)*


---

**End**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（32）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 5 | 422 | 131 | *No,... no...  NO!  Look, I'm, I'm married!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 4 | 266 | 138 | *Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 4 | 115 | 97 | *Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little para* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suck\|suck]] | /sʌk/ | vt. 吸, 吮, 吸入, 吮吸, 吸收 | v. draw into the mouth by creating a practical vacuum in the mouth | 3 | 88 | 68 | *Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want me to say it? This sucks. Being her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 3 | 95 | 64 | *What? That's terrible!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 3 | 168 | 121 | *How drunk are you?* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 2 | 155 | 54 | *All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas Eve and you'd rather be with your families, but ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smell\|smell]] | /smel/ | n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息 | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulate | 2 | 109 | 68 | *You hear that? You may not be with your families, but at least it's gonna smell like ham in here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 2 | 169 | 121 | *Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, and then we're gonna go over to Joey's and se* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 2 | 135 | 75 | *Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Ah well, she's got this weird idea, that, uh, y'know, just because you and I are alone, that somethi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 2 | 162 | 106 | *Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little para* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#steal\|steal]] | /sti:l/ | vt. 剽窃；偷偷地做；偷窃；vi. 窃取；偷偷地行动；[棒球]偷垒；n. [口]偷窃；便宜货；偷垒；[篮球]断球 | n. a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the  | 2 | 71 | 58 | *Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little para* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms...   Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? Y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 1 | 199 | 123 | *I was, uh, checking out that insurance company's Christmas party on three, oh, it was really beautif* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#invite\|invite]] | /in'vait/ | vt. 邀请, 请求, 引起, 招致 | n. a colloquial expression for invitation | 1 | 84 | 58 | *I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *I can save you time ladies, I'm right here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?* |
| uhh |  | [网络] 她(Uh Huh Her)；噢；拿好 |  | 1 | 155 | 78 | *Uhh, uh...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously? Happily married. So that phone call before, that was ... happy?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little para* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Well, not anymore.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *Well, I have kissed over four women.  Do you wanna get under the covers?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Eh, we weren't that close anyway!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 1 | 254 | 104 | *Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Yeah! It's a stupid job, and I could not stand leaving you. And why should I be the only one who doe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Mine's is to Lilian Myers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer...   Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are * |

### 常用词（64）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#faster\|faster]] |  | [计] 加快 | a acting or moving or capable of acting or moving quickly | 3 | 21 | 18 | *If I help, we can find 'em faster!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 3 | 62 | 47 | *You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 2 | 75 | 45 | *So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me.  "Went * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 2 | 47 | 38 | *Besides, I can't leave until their Christmas party downstairs clears out; there are some *pissed off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#quit\|quit]] | /kwit/ | vi. 离开, 辞职, 停止 | v put an end to a state or an activity | 2 | 80 | 46 | *Turns out they can't fire me. Because I quit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 1 | 51 | 39 | *...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle; and away they all flew like the down of a thist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *Say goodbye elves, I'm off to Tulsa.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unfair\|unfair]] | /.ʌn'fєә/ | a. 不公平的, 不正直的, 不正当的 | a. not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception | 1 | 18 | 16 | *It's so unfair, you don't even like your job!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *I can't get *enough* dinosaurs!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mention\|mention]] | /'menʃәn/ | n. 提到, 言及, 陈述 | n. a remark that calls attention to something or someone | 1 | 35 | 33 | *Did I not mention that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas Eve and you'd rather be with your families, but ther* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheer\|cheer]] | /tʃiә/ | n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼 | n. a cry or shout of approval | 1 | 29 | 23 | *Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up!  I had a little talk with the boys in New York, tol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#empty\|empty]] | /'empti/ | a. 空的, 空虚的, 空腹的, 空洞的 | n. a container that has been emptied | 1 | 29 | 21 | *I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#typical\|typical]] | /'tipikl/ | a. 典型的, 象征性的 | a. exhibiting the qualities or characteristics that identify a group or kind or  | 1 | 15 | 11 | *Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty traditional...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lap\|lap]] | /læp/ | n. 膝盖, 舔, 一圈, 下摆, 衣兜, 山坳 | n. the upper side of the thighs of a seated person | 1 | 14 | 10 | *So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me.  "Went * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me.  "Went * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] | /'klɒzit/ | n. 壁橱, 小室 | n. a small private room for study or prayer | 1 | 32 | 20 | *Okay, Pheebs, you look in the kitchen, I will look in the back closet.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#concern\|concern]] | /kәn'sә:n/ | n. 关心, 忧虑 | n. something that interests you because it is important or affects you | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Yeah, Chandler why don't you take a walk? This doesn't concern you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bunch\|bunch]] | /bʌntʃ/ | n. 串, 束 | n. a grouping of a number of similar things | 1 | 48 | 44 | *Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *"Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S.: Chandler, I knew they'd b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loser\|loser]] | /'lu:zә/ | n. 失败者, 遗失者 | n. a contestant who loses the contest | 1 | 32 | 24 | *"Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S.: Chandler, I knew they'd b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *"Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S.: Chandler, I knew they'd b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 1 | 75 | 47 | *"Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S.: Chandler, I knew they'd b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweater\|sweater]] | /'swetә/ | n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者 | n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body | 1 | 43 | 27 | *Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another sweater.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pleasure\|pleasure]] | /'pleʒә/ | n. 快乐, 愉快, 令人高兴的事, 娱乐, 希望 | n. a fundamental feeling that is hard to define but that people desire to experi | 1 | 21 | 21 | *They're ribbed for *your* pleasure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo and I have a little t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 1 | 15 | 14 | *You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wreck\|wreck]] | /rek/ | n. 失事, 残骸, 破坏 | n. something or someone that has suffered ruin or dilapidation | 1 | 11 | 10 | *Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shake]] | /ʃeik/ | n. 摇动, 震动 | v. move or cause to move back and forth | 1 | 29 | 21 | *But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]] | /'beli/ | n. 腹部, 食欲 | n. a protruding abdomen | 1 | 11 | 10 | *But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bowl\|bowl]] | /bәul/ | n. 碗, 木球, 大酒杯 | n. a round vessel that is open at the top; used chiefly for holding food or liqu | 1 | 24 | 21 | *But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suit\|suit]] | /sju:t. su:t/ | n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组 | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for oute | 1 | 34 | 22 | *Fine, I'll give the suit back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downstairs\|downstairs]] | /'daun'stєәz/ | n. 楼下 | a. on or of lower floors of a building | 1 | 37 | 29 | *Besides, I can't leave until their Christmas party downstairs clears out; there are some *pissed off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|piss]] | /pis/ | vi. 小便, 下大雨, 抱怨 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 14 | 13 | *Besides, I can't leave until their Christmas party downstairs clears out; there are some *pissed off* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#horrible\|horrible]] | /'hɒrәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 遭透的, 极讨厌的 | s provoking horror | 1 | 65 | 46 | *So is it horrible? Is everybody working really hard?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Ohh, you are such a good boss! Is she pretty?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conversation\|conversation]] | /.kɒnvә'seiʃәn/ | n. 会话, 说话, 交谈 | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | 1 | 49 | 33 | *Ah. Fun conversation?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tie\|tie]] | /tai/ | n. 带子, 线, 鞋带, 领带, 领结, 关系, 束缚, 平局, 不分胜负 | n. equality of score in a contest | 1 | 31 | 22 | *This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about, but... you're getting ham on my only tie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apart\|apart]] | /ә'pɑ:t/ | adv. 成零碎, 成距离, 分别地, 分离着 | s. remote and separate physically or socially | 1 | 19 | 15 | *Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little para* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aside\|aside]] | /ә'said/ | n. 小声说的话, 旁白 | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the  | 1 | 18 | 15 | *Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little para* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guilty\|guilty]] | /'gilti/ | a. 犯罪的, 有过失的, 自觉有错的, 心虚的 | a. responsible for or chargeable with a reprehensible act | 1 | 16 | 15 | *Drunk enough that I know I wanna do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking adva* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kisser\|kisser]] | /'kisә/ | n. 接吻的人 | n. someone who kisses | 1 | 11 | 10 | *You're a really good kisser.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impress\|impress]] | /im'pres/ | n. 印象, 特征, 印记 | n. the act of coercing someone into government service | 1 | 16 | 15 | *It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruin]] | /ruin/ | n. 毁灭, 推翻, 废墟 | n. an irrecoverable state of devastation and destruction | 1 | 62 | 46 | *Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condom\|condom]] | /'kɒndәm/ | n. 避孕套 | n. contraceptive device consisting of a sheath of thin rubber or latex that is w | 1 | 18 | 13 | *Oh, okay, I have condom in my wallet that I've had since I was twelve.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twelve\|twelve]] | /twelv/ | num. 十二, 十二个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one | 1 | 21 | 17 | *Oh, okay, I have condom in my wallet that I've had since I was twelve.* |
| ehh |  | abbr. 食管裂孔疝（esophageal hiatal hernia）；高压对光栅行幅（场幅）的影响 |  | 1 | 13 | 13 | *Ehh.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 59 | 24 | *Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bike\|bike]] | /baik/ | n. 自行车, 脚踏车 | n a motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame | 1 | 37 | 14 | *Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bell\|bell]] | /bel/ | n. 铃, 钟 | n. a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing sound when struck | 1 | 22 | 18 | *Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marriage\|marriage]] | /'mæridʒ/ | n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并 | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until div | 1 | 93 | 40 | *No, I want everything that you just said. I want a marriage.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *Okay, fine. Let's talk about snow. -- Do you think it's snowing in Tulsa, where my husband is having* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#miracle\|miracle]] | /'mirәkl/ | n. 奇迹, 奇事 | n. any amazing or wonderful occurrence | 1 | 20 | 11 | *Hey-heeyyy - Look at that, it's a Christmas miracle!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *Chandler, your being here is the best Christmas present I could have ever imagined.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 1 | 43 | 30 | *Wha... are you kidding? I can't return this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dancer\|dancer]] | /'dɑ:nsә/ | n. 舞蹈演员, 跳舞者 | n. a performer who dances professionally | 1 | 20 | 11 | *Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer...   Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *You are!  Hey, here's twenty bucks. -- Why don't you go buy yourself something pretty while I'm at w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#buck\|buck]] | /bʌk/ | n. 元, 雄鹿, 纨绔子弟, 鞍马, 培克(赌博时的庄家标志), 碱水, 自夸, 谈话 | n. United States author whose novels drew on her experiences as a missionary in  | 1 | 73 | 48 | *You are!  Hey, here's twenty bucks. -- Why don't you go buy yourself something pretty while I'm at w* |

### 低频词（68）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#merry\|merry]] | /'meri/ | a. 快乐的, 愉快的, 嬉戏作乐的 | s full of or showing high-spirited merriment | 10 | 23 | 7 | *...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle; and away they all flew like the down of a thist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eve\|eve]] | /i:v/ | n. 前夕, 前夜 | n. (Old Testament) Adam's wife in Judeo-Christian mythology: the first woman and | 5 | 17 | 6 | *You're not gonna be here New Year's Eve??* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ham\|ham]] | /hæm/ | n. 火腿, 后腿, 笨拙演员 | n. meat cut from the thigh of a hog (usually smoked) | 5 | 9 | 5 | *I was, uh, checking out that insurance company's Christmas party on three, oh, it was really beautif* |
| wendy | /'wendi/ | n. 温迪（女子名） |  | 4 | 18 | 7 | *Ah, well no, it's just uh, me and Wendy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oklahoma\|oklahoma]] | /.әuklә'hәumә/ | n. 俄克拉何马 | n. a state in south central United States | 4 | 15 | 5 | *Ahh, wait, is Wendy the runner-up Miss Oklahoma?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#armadillo\|armadillo]] | /.ɑ:mә'dilәu/ | n. 犰狳 | n. burrowing chiefly nocturnal mammal with body covered with strong horny plates | 3 | 10 | 2 | *Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the Festival of Lights?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tulsa\|tulsa]] | /'tʌlsә/ | n. 塔尔萨（美国俄克拉菏马州东北部城市） | n. a major city of northeastern Oklahoma on the Arkansas river; once known as th | 2 | 43 | 8 | *Say goodbye elves, I'm off to Tulsa.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]] | /dәu'neiʃәn/ | n. 捐赠物, 捐款, 捐赠 | n a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cau | 2 | 8 | 3 | *"A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ballet\|ballet]] | /'bælei/ | n. 芭蕾舞 | n. a theatrical representation of a story that is performed to music by trained  | 2 | 3 | 2 | *"A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hanukkah\|hanukkah]] | /'hɑ:nәkә/ | n. 光明节（犹太教节日, 等于Chanukah） | n. (Judaism) an eight-day Jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the T | 2 | 20 | 5 | *So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me.  "Went * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prettiest\|prettiest]] | /p'rɪtɪɪst/ | adv. 极美（pretty的最高级） | s pleasing by delicacy or grace; not imposing | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Alright, well, maybe I should let you and the second prettiest girl in Oklahoma get back to work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#missy\|missy]] | /'misi/ | n. 少女, 姑娘, 小姐 | n a young woman | 2 | 14 | 8 | *Whoa-ho, back off, Missy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happily\|happily]] | /'hæpili/ | adv. 幸福地, 快乐地, 幸好 | r. in a joyous manner | 2 | 6 | 5 | *I'm *happily* married.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goof\|goof]] | /gu:f/ | n. 呆子, 傻瓜 | n a man who is a stupid incompetent fool | 2 | 8 | 4 | *Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not just goof around with him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleigh\|sleigh]] | /slei/ | n. 雪撬 | n a vehicle mounted on runners and pulled by horses or dogs; for transportation  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle; and away they all flew like the down of a thist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whistle\|whistle]] | /'hwisl/ | n. 口哨, 汽笛, 啸啸声, 口哨声 | n. the sound made by something moving rapidly or by steam coming out of a small  | 1 | 6 | 4 | *...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle; and away they all flew like the down of a thist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thistle\|thistle]] | /'θisl/ | n. 蓟 | n. any of numerous plants of the family Compositae and especially of the genera  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle; and away they all flew like the down of a thist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exclaim\|exclaim]] | /iks'kleim/ | v. 大叫, 呼喊, 大声叫 | v. utter aloud; often with surprise, horror, or joy | 1 | 1 | 1 | *...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle; and away they all flew like the down of a thist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ere\|ere]] | /eә/ | conj. 在...以前, 毋宁 | adv. Before; sooner than. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle; and away they all flew like the down of a thist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sight\|sight]] | /sait/ | n. 景观, 视力, 眼界, 阅读, 见解, 意见 | n. an instance of visual perception | 1 | 9 | 9 | *...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle; and away they all flew like the down of a thist* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elf\|elf]] | /elf/ | n. 小精灵, 矮人, 淘气鬼 | n. (folklore) fairies that are somewhat mischievous | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Say goodbye elves, I'm off to Tulsa.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paperwork\|paperwork]] | /'peipәwә:k/ | n. 文书工作 | n. work that involves handling papers: forms or letters or reports etc. | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Yeah, we have all this paperwork that needs to be filed by the end of the year. If I don't get it do* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decoration\|decoration]] | /.dekә'reiʃәn/ | n. 装饰, 装饰品 | n. something used to beautify | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I was, uh, checking out that insurance company's Christmas party on three, oh, it was really beautif* |
| ther |  | abbr. therapy 治疗, 疗法 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I was, uh, checking out that insurance company's Christmas party on three, oh, it was really beautif* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bonus\|bonus]] | /'bәunәs/ | n. 奖金, 红利 | n. anything that tends to arouse | 1 | 9 | 5 | *Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up!  I had a little talk with the boys in New York, tol* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#questionable\|questionable]] | /'kwestʃәnәbl/ | a. 可疑的 | a. subject to question | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedspread\|bedspread]] | /'bedspred/ | n. 床单, 床罩 | n. decorative cover for a bed | 1 | 2 | 2 | *I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wich\|wich]] |  | n. [苏]湿草地 | n. A variant of 1st Wick. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go bac* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haha\|haha]] |  | n. 哈哈（笑） |  | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Haha, no thanks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#motivational\|motivational]] | /.mәuti'veiʃәnәl/ | a. 激发性的 | a. of or relating to motivation | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, thanks! I'm... actually thinking about becoming a motivational speaker.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speaker\|speaker]] | /'spi:kә/ | n. 说话人, 讲演者, 发言人, 喇叭, 扬声器 | n. someone who expresses in language; someone who talks (especially someone who  | 1 | 10 | 6 | *Oh, thanks! I'm... actually thinking about becoming a motivational speaker.* |
| claus |  | n. 克劳斯（男子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me.  "Went * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snowy\|snowy]] | /'snәui/ | a. 多雪的, 雪的, 被雪所覆盖着的, 下雪的 | s marked by the presence of snow | 1 | 3 | 2 | *So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me.  "Went * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wily\|wily]] | /'waili/ | a. 使用计谋的, 有诡计的, 狡猾的 | s marked by skill in deception | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us, that wily... minx.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#minx\|minx]] | /miŋks/ | n. 轻佻女子, 风骚女子 | n a seductive woman who uses her sex appeal to exploit men | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us, that wily... minx.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macy\|macy]] |  | n. 梅西（人名） |  | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Oh, it's a Macy's bag!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wiper\|wiper]] | /'waipә/ | n. 揩擦的人, 刮水器, 接触电刷 | n. a worker who wipes | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blade\|blade]] | /bleid/ | n. 叶片, 刀锋, 刀口, 剑 | n. especially a leaf of grass or the broad portion of a leaf as distinct from th | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cola\|cola]] | /'kәulә/ | 结肠, 冒号, 科朗 | n. large genus of African trees bearing kola nuts | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You got me a cola drink?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lemon\|lemon]] | /'lemәn/ | n. 柠檬, 柠檬树, 柠檬色 | n. yellow oval fruit with juicy acidic flesh | 1 | 7 | 7 | *And, a lemon lime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lime\|lime]] | /laim/ | n. 石灰, 粘鸟胶, 酸橙 | n. any of various related trees bearing limes | 1 | 7 | 5 | *And, a lemon lime.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rib\|rib]] | /rib/ | n. 肋骨, 肋状物, 笑话 | n. support resembling the rib of an animal | 1 | 6 | 6 | *They're ribbed for *your* pleasure.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maccabees\|maccabees]] | /'mækәbi:z/ | n. <<马卡比书>> | n. pl. The name given later times to the Asmonaeans, a | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jelly\|jelly]] | /'dʒeli/ | n. 果冻, 果冻甜食, 胶状物 | n. a preserve made of the jelled juice of fruit | 1 | 4 | 4 | *But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.* |
| naah |  | [网络] 心理健康测查表；作者采用心理健康测查表；烤包 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Naah... I couldn't leave you alone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#blargh\|blargh]] |  |  | an exclamation indicating that one has absorbed or is | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ble-blah-blar Blargh!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#colleague\|colleague]] | /'kɒli:g/ | n. 同事, 同僚 | n. an associate that one works with | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I don't think of her that way, you know, she's a, she's a colleague.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#entitle\|entitle]] | /in'taitl/ | vt. 给...权利, 取名为, 给予名称, 叫做 | v. give the right to | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little para* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paranoid\|paranoid]] | /'pærәnɔid/ | a. (似)患妄想狂的, (似)患偏执狂的 | n. a person afflicted with paranoia | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little para* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adultery\|adultery]] | /ә'dʌltәri/ | n. 通奸 | n. extramarital sex that willfully and maliciously interferes with marriage rela | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little para* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bode\|bode]] | /bәud/ | v. 预示 | v. indicate by signs | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#effectively\|effectively]] | /i'fektivli/ | adv. 有效地, 有力地, 实际上 | r. in actuality or reality or fact | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nurse\|nurse]] | /nә:s/ | n. 护士, 保姆, 奶妈 | n. one skilled in caring for young children or the sick (usually under the super | 1 | 24 | 9 | *So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fangled\|fangled]] |  | a. 新流行的（新奇的） | a. New made; hence, gaudy; showy; vainly decorated. [Obs., | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I h* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#efficient\|efficient]] | /i'fiʃәnt/ | a. 有效率的, 能干的 | a. being effective without wasting time or effort or expense | 1 | 3 | 3 | *You're so efficient. I love you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wallet\|wallet]] | /'wɒlit/ | n. 皮夹 | n. a pocket-size case for holding papers and paper money | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Oh, okay, I have condom in my wallet that I've had since I was twelve.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#collar\|collar]] | /'kɒlә/ | n. 衣领, 颈圈 | n. a band that fits around the neck and is usually folded over | 1 | 7 | 6 | *Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kitty\|kitty]] | /'kiti/ | n. 小猫, 全部赌注 | n. informal terms referring to a domestic cat | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#garage\|garage]] | /gә'rɑ:ʒ. 'gærɑ:ʒ/ | n. 车库, 汽车修理厂, 机库 | n. an outbuilding (or part of a building) for housing automobiles | 1 | 9 | 7 | *Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#timely\|timely]] | /'taili/ | a. 及时的, 适时的 | s. before a time limit expires | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I... thought it was a timely start to thinking about other people. Besides, this gift still says I l* |
| lilian | /'liliәn/ | n. 莉莲（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mine's is to Lilian Myers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#myers\|myers]] |  | n. 迈尔斯（姓氏） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Mine's is to Lilian Myers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actuary\|actuary]] | /'æktjuәri/ | n. 保险计算员 | n someone versed in the collection and interpretation of numerical data (especia | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer...   Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#topless\|topless]] | /'tɒplis/ | a. 无顶的, 袒胸的 | a. having no top | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer...   Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sole\|sole]] | /sәul/ | n. 脚掌, 鞋底, 底部 | n. the underside of footwear or a golf club | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer...   Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wage\|wage]] | /weidʒ/ | n. 工资, 报应, 报偿 | n. something that remunerates | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer...   Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#earner\|earner]] | /'ә:nә/ | n. 赚钱的人 | n. someone who earn wages in return for their labor | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer...   Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#household\|household]] | /'haushәuld/ | n. 一家人, 家庭, 家族, 王室 | n a social unit living together | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer...   Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are * |
