---
season: 10
episode: "14"
title: "Friends - 10.14 - The One With Princess Consuela"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S10E14 — Friends - 10.14 - The One With Princess Consuela

Friends 1014 - The One With Princess Consuela

*Teleplay by: Tracy Reilly*

*Story by: Robert Carlock Produced by: Robert Carlock & Wendy Knoller Final check by Kim*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are having a diner party with Phoebe and Mike.

**Mike:** *(raising his glass)* Thank you guys for having us over.

**Phoebe:** Oh! Yeah, this is fun, couples night.

**Chandler:** Yeah, I don't know why we hang out with married couples more often.

**Monica:** Well, because every time we do, you make jokes about [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swinging]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] them away.

**Chandler:** You mean that Portuguese couple? Yeah, like you wouldn't have done it. *(she shrugs)*

**Ross:** *(entering)* Hey, you guys... I have great news.

**Monica:** Ross, we're kind of in the middle of [[Friends-词汇总表#diner\|diner]] here.

**Ross:** Oh, well, er, I already ate, but sure...! *(they all look at each other when Ross grabs a plate)* Guess what happened at work today...

**Chandler:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] died a million years ago?

**Ross:** Try [[Friends-词汇总表#sixty\|sixty]]-five million years ago, and then try sssshhhhhh.... My [[Friends-词汇总表#tenure\|tenure]] review board met today and I hear it's looking really good.

**Phoebe:** Wow!

**Ross:** Yeah. Do you have any idea what this means in academic [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circles]], uh? I am gonna get [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|laid]].

**Rachel:** *(while entering)* Hi you guys.

**All:** Hey.

**Rachel:** Ooh, Italian! *(she also grabs a plate)*

**Monica:** No one wanted seconds, right?

**Ross:** No, no. I-I'm good.

**Rachel:** Hey you guys... You're never gonna believe it. This [[Friends-词汇总表#headhunter\|headhunter]] called me. I have a meeting tomorrow with Gucci. Gucci wants me.

**Ross:** I'm up for [[Friends-词汇总表#tenure\|tenure]].

**Rachel:** Congratulations!

**Ross:** You too! What are the [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]]?

**Rachel:** Ooh! *(they hug)*

**Joey:** *(enters)* Guess what? *(they all look expectantly at him)* I finally got that [[Friends-词汇总表#seed\|seed]] out of my [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]].

**Monica:** I don't know who I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#happiest\|happiest]] for...

**Phoebe:** I do, he's been working on that all day! *(looking at Joey)*


---

**OPENING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe, Monica and Chandler on their couch.

**Phoebe:** Hey Mon? Was it weird changing your name to Geller-Bing?

**Monica:** No, no. It felt nice to [[Friends-词汇总表#acknowledge\|acknowledge]] this. *(pats Chandler on his leg)*

**Phoebe:** Where did you go to do it?

**Monica:** Uhm the... the [[Friends-词汇总表#ministry\|ministry]]... of names... [[Friends-词汇总表#bureau\|bureau]]...

**Chandler:** YOU NEVER DID IT!

**Monica:** I'm sorry. It's just the idea of being an official Bing.

**Chandler:** Hey! I will have you know that... aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die with me.

**Mike:** *(walks to the couch with coffee for Phoebe)* Here you go.

**Phoebe:** Thanks! Honey, would you want me to take your name?

**Mike:** Oh, it's just... It's up to you. It's your name. You've got to live with it.

**Phoebe:** All right, let's see, call me mrs Hannigan.

**Chandler:** Mrs Hannigan?

**Phoebe:** What? Can't you see I'm in the middle of something? Ooh, I like it.

**Joey:** *(enters)* Hey guys.

**Chandler:** Hey Joe! We've got a couple of things we've got to check out at the new house. You want to come with us?

**Joey:** No, thank you.

**Monica:** All right. I know you're not happy about us moving, but you're the only one who hasn't seen the house.

**Chandler:** Yeah, come with us. You'll see how close it is to the city.

**Joey:** But no, it's not close. You said it was in [[Friends-词汇总表#escrow\|escrow]]? I couldn't even find it on the map.

**Monica:** Joey, please come. It would mean so much to us.

**Joey:** You know what? You are my friends, I wanna be [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]], I will come with you. SHOTGUN!

**Chandler:** Damn it.

**Monica:** See you guys later.

**Phoebe:** Okay!

**Monica:** *(to Joey)* I'll pick you up at [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]]. So glad you're coming.

**Phoebe:** Good for you. That was really mature.

**Joey:** What? No, the only reason  I'm going to their stupid new house, is so I can point out everything that's wrong with it, so they don't move. I'm gonna make them stay here.

**Mike:** You're a [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] kind of grown-up.

**Phoebe:** Joey, you can't make someone do something they don't want to do. Believe me, there's something I've been trying to get Mike to do in bed and there's... he's just...

**Mike:** Woo-wo-hey-hey-hey... Can we not talk about that right now?

**Phoebe:** All right, [[Friends-词汇总表#prude\|prude]]... Look, Monica and Chandler really love this house. You are not gonna talk them into staying here.

**Joey:** Hey, hey... I can [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] people to do anything, you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that "thing". What is it?

*(Phoebe whispers something in Joey's ear, but after hearing it he jumps up, shocked)*

**Joey:** I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye! *(he leaves)*


> [!scene] Scene: A restaurant. Rachel enters.

**Rachel:** *(to maitre d')* Hi, I'm here to see mr Campbell... with Gucci. The [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservation]] is probably under Gucci. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spelled]] like Gukki, which could be [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confusing]]. Maitre d': Mr Campbell's not here yet. Let me show you to his table.

*(They walk to the table, but Rachel suddenly gasps. Sitting there is mr Zellner, her boss from her current job at Ralph Lauren.)*

**Rachel:** Oh my God! That's my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]]. You have to seat us [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] else. Maitre d': I'm sorry. That's always mr Campbell's table.

**Rachel:** But my... but my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] cannot see me. I'm interviewing for another job. Maitre d': I know. With Gukki

**Rachel:** Sssshhhh!

**Mr Zellner:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** Hi... I'm on a date...

**Mr Zellner:** *(confused)* That's great!

**Rachel:** Yeah, it is. Yeah, you know, it's [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]]. Single mom, career... You gotta get out there.

**Mr Zellner:** Well, you got uhm... good energy.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Mr Campbell:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yes, hi!

**Mr Campbell:** James Campbell...

**Rachel:** Hi! *(to mr Zellner)* Excuse us.

**Mr Campbell:** Please... *(shows her to sit)*

**Rachel:** Okay. Oh, yeah... *(whispering to mr Zellner)* Oh he's cute!

**Mr Campbell:** So... your resumé is quite impressive. *(Mr Zellner who sits behind Rachel shrugs)*

**Rachel:** Wha... My resumé? I wouldn't... I wouldn't call my online dating profile a resumé.

**Mr Campbell:** Dating profile? I-I-I'm talking about the work resumé.

**Rachel:** *(starts singing la la la la)* Whatever happened to just [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|singing]] for  no reason? Huh?

**Mr Campbell:** Maybe people... found it weird.... So, why do you want to leave Ralph Lauren?

**Rachel:** What? I-I don't.

**Mr Campbell:** You don't?

**Rachel:** No, I-I-I love it there.

**Mr Campbell:** Well, if you don't want to leave, why are we having this lunch?

*(Rachel mimes and mouths to mr Campbell "That is my boss", pointing to mr Zellner)*

**Mr Campbell:** What?

*(Rachel now silently whispers "That's my boss".)*

**Mr Campbell:** That's Hugo Boss?

*(Rachel holds her hand in order to support her head. Mr Zellner obviously overheard the conversation.)*


> [!scene] Scene: A  counter at a government building. Phoebe's waiting in line.

**Phoebe:** *(to the woman behind her)* This place is so [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depressing]]. If I had to work here I'd kill myself. *(she turns around and the clerk behind the counter heard her.)* But you obviously haven't.

**Clerk:** How can I help you?

**Phoebe:** I need to change my name, please. See, I need to change it because I'm-I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hiding]] from the law. *(the clerk shows no change in expression whatsoever)* You're fun.

**Clerk:** You need to fill out this form. *(motions for the next person in line)*

**Phoebe:** Okay, well, I just don't, I don't know how it works exactly. See, my name is Buffay and my husband's name is Hannigan, so is it supposed to be Buffay-Hannigan or Hannigan-Buffay?

**Clerk:** It can be anything you want.

**Phoebe:** Well, not anything, I mean...

**Clerk:** Yeah... anything.

**Phoebe:** Oh, this could take a while.

**Clerk:** Get out of my line.

**Phoebe:** Okay.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Monica are there when Phoebe enters.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey Pheebs.

**Phoebe:** Oh, not anymore. I changed it today.

**Monica:** Oh, I'm sorry, mrs Hannigan.

**Phoebe:** Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an opportunity to be creative. So meet Princess Consuela Banana Hammock.

**Chandler:** That's what we were gonna name the baby.

**Monica:** Phoebe!

**Phoebe:** Uh! Princess Consuela.

**Monica:** You seriously changed your name to that?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh!

**Monica:** Okay, so from now on we have to call you Princess Consuela?

**Phoebe:** Uhm, no. I'm gonna have my friends call me Valerie.

*(Rachel enters, looking depressed)*

**Chandler:** Hey, how'd the interview go?

**Rachel:** Oh! It's not good.

**Chandler:** You know, I always feel that way after an interview. I'll bet it went better than you think.

**Rachel:** Well, I didn't get the job at Gucci and I got fired from Ralph Lauren.

**Chandler:** That is a bad interview.

**Phoebe:** What are you, what are you talking about? How did this happen?

**Rachel:** Well, my [[Friends-词汇总表#boss\|boss]] was at the same restaurant where I was having my interview and he heard everything. So later he calls me to his office and he tells me that he's gonna have to let me go, because I'm not a team player. And I said "Wait a minute! Yes I am." and I had to sit there for 45 minutes while he [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|proved]] that that in fact... was true.

**Monica:** Oh God. I'm so sorry.

*(Ross enters with a bottle in his hand)*

**Ross:** Hey! Wha-hoo! What's this? *(showing the bottle)* Well it's a, it's a [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]]. Why is this here?

**Phoebe:** Ross...

**Ross:** I guess it's here because I GOT TENURE! All *(except Rachel)*: Congratulations! *(Rachel looks devastated)*

**Ross:** This is the single [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] day of my professional career. Gunther, six glasses!

**Gunther:** Six? You want me to join you?

**Ross:** Oh, I thought Joey was here. Five is good. *(Gunther leaves, hurt)* Well, I'm gonna have a [[Friends-词汇总表#loogie\|loogie]] in my coffee tomorrow.

**Chandler:** Ooh! Israeli [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]]. And it's [[Friends-词汇总表#vanilla\|vanilla]]!

**Ross:** I got [[Friends-词汇总表#tenure\|tenure]]. I didn't win the [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]]... Hey Rach, so uh... how did your thing go?

**Rachel:** Oh it... good! Yeah, but I'm not gonna hear from that for a couple of days.

**Ross:** Oh, you know what? You're gonna get it. I-I-I-I can feel it.

**Phoebe:** Can you?

**Rachel:** Ah, all right. Here's to Ross!

**Ross:** And-and to years of hard work finally paying off.

**Phoebe:** And to knowing that your career doesn't mean everything. *(Rachel mouths "aah")*

**Ross:** But also knowing it means a lot.

**Monica:** But more [[Friends-词汇总表#importantly\|importantly]] to full well-rounded lives.

**Ross:** ...that center around work.

**Chandler:** To Ross! All *(except Rachel)*: Ross!

*(they all drink from the champagne, but clearly dislike the taste of it)*

**Ross:** You know what the best part about this is? I can never be fired.

**Phoebe:** Oh God!

**Ross:** No seriously. I have job security for life. You know, I never have to worry. *(Rachel starts crying)* Oh, look at you. Look  how happy you are for me.

**Rachel:** *(crying)* No, it's not that. I got fired today. And I didn't get the other job.

**Ross:** Rach, I'm so sorry.

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Ross:** Great. I feel like an [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]].

**Rachel:** No, it's okay, you didn't know.

**Ross:** Oh... *(to the others)* Little heads-up would have been nice.


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's future house. They enter the living room with the realtor and Joey.

**Monica:** Thank you for letting us see the house again.

**Chandler:** And thank you for [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explaining]] to us what [[Friends-词汇总表#escrow\|escrow]] means... I've already forgotten what you said, but thank you.

**Realtor:** Take as long as you want. Just let me know when you're through. *(she leaves the room)*

**Monica:** Ah, so glad you [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to come.

**Joey:** Me too. Yeah, this place is great. I'm so happy for you guys. Although, you know, I hope you like [[Friends-词汇总表#fungus\|fungus]].

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** Fungus! Yeah. Place is full of it.

**Monica:** No it's not. We had an [[Friends-词汇总表#inspection\|inspection]] and they didn't find anything.

**Joey:** Okay. Then I guess I have [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] eyes and a [[Friends-词汇总表#scratchy\|scratchy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] for no reason.

**Monica:** Maybe because it's you hung your head out of the window like a dog the whole [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] here.

**Joey:** Maybe. So this is the living room huh? Ooh, it's pretty dark. *(starts feeling around him like he's in a completely dark room, touching Chandler, who backs out and hits him)*

**Monica:** No it's not!

**Joey:** *(squinting his eyes)* Are you kiddin'? I think I just saw a [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] in the corner!

**Chandler:** When your head was hanging out the window, it didn't hit a [[Friends-词汇总表#mailbox\|mailbox]], did it?

**Joey:** *(glares at him for a moment, then admits grudgingly)* Maybe. Well, I just think you guys can do better than this house, you know? Or any other house for that matter.

**Monica:** Oh Joey, look, we know you're having a hard time with this, but we really, we love it here.

**Joey:** FINE, ok, if you love this house so much, then you should just live here, okay? I just hope you get used to that weird [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|humming]] sound. *(He turns his back to them and starts humming)* Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...

**Monica:** Joey, we know that's you.

**Joey:** no... hmmmmm... it's not... hmmmmmmmmmm


> [!scene] Scene: Phoebe is at Central Perk. Mike enters.

**Mike:** Hey *(He kisses Phoebe)*

**Phoebe:** Welcome back!

**Mike:** Ah! I missed you

**Phoebe:** Oh, me too!

**Mike:** So, what's new?

**Phoebe:** Well, I'm no longer Phoebe Buffay.

**Mike:** That's great! You changed you name?

**Phoebe:** Yes I did! Meet: Princess Consuela Banana Hammock! *(She smiles from ear to ear)*

**Mike:** *(afraid)* You're kidding right?

**Phoebe:** Nope.

**Mike:** You really did that?

**Phoebe:** Yep.

**Mike:** Yeah, but you can't do that.

**Phoebe:** Why? It's fun, it's different, no-one else has a name like it.

**Mike:** *(looks at her astonished)* Alright, then I'm gonna change my name.

**Phoebe:** Great, okay, what are you gonna change it to?

**Mike:** Crap Bag.

**Phoebe:** *(not amused)* Mike Crap Bag?

**Mike:** No, no Mike, just Crap Bag. First name Crap, last name Bag.

**Phoebe:** You're not serious, right?

**Mike:** Yeah, I'm serious. *(sarcastic)* It's fun, it's different and no-one else has a name like that!

**Phoebe:** Uhu, uhu, well, then, great. If you love it, I love it.

**Mike:** I do love it, and I love your name. I love Princess Consuela.

**Phoebe:** And I love Crap.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey is in Monica and Chandler's future house, sitting in a child's bedroom, looking at a quiz card which has "5+10=" printed on one side.

**Joey:** *(turns the card around, obviously had the wrong answer)* Ow!

*(A young girl enters)*

**Girl:** Who are you?

**Joey:** Oh, hi, I'm Joey. My stupid friends are buying this house. Who are you?

**Girl:** I'm Mackenzie. My stupid parents are selling this house.

**Joey:** *(understanding)* Oh.

**Mackenzie:** *(sighs)* I hate my parents.

**Joey:** I hate my friends. *(They shake on it as if they just made a pact)* Alright, look. There's gotta be a way that we can stop this from happening.

**Mackenzie:** Like what?

**Joey:** *(thinking)* Uhm... oh! Okay. You come with me, and you tell them that the house is [[Friends-词汇总表#haunt\|haunted]]!

**Mackenzie:** What are you? Eight?

**Joey:** Woah, uh! Okay, let's hear your great idea.

**Mackenzie:** I don't have any great ideas. I am eight.

**Joey:** *(frustrated)* Ahh! There's gotta be a way. I mean, you know, if Monica and Chandler move out here and now Phoebe is married to Mike. That just [[Friends-词汇总表#leaf\|leaves]] me and Ross and Rach, you know what I mean?

**Mackenzie:** I really don't.

**Joey:** What am I gonna do, I feel like I'm losing my friends.

**Mackenzie:** My parents say I'm gonna make new friends.

**Joey:** Oh, yeah, sure, easy for you, you're young. Me, I'm set in my ways.

**Mackenzie:** This is what my mom was talking about. Whiners are [[Friends-词汇总表#wiener\|wieners]]. *(Joey glares at her angrily)* Look, you want your friends to be happy, right?

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah, I guess.

**Mackenzie:** Well, if moving here is gonna make them happy, don't you want them to do it?

**Joey:** *(having difficulty admitting it)* Yeah, maybe.

**Mackenzie:** Then you gotta let them go.

**Joey:** *(In near tears, realizes she is right)* I hate to [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] it, but you're probably right. How did you get to be so smart?

**Mackenzie:** I read a lot.

**Joey:** *(his mood changes instantly)* Just when I thought we could be friends. *(he leaves the room)*


> [!scene] Scene: Outside Ralph Lauren building. Rachel just walked out carrying a box of her stuff, and a strange man approaches her.

**Man:** Hey Rach, I just heard. I'm so sorry.

**Rachel:** Oh, thank you... *(looks at his face trying to remember his name)*

**Man:** You still don't know my name, do you?

**Rachel:** *(Is embarrassed for a moment, but it quickly passes)* Well, now I don't have to. *(The man leaves instantly)*

*(In the meantime, Ross is trying to squeeze and push a rather large chair through the revolving doors of the Ralph Lauren building.)*

**Rachel:** *(annoyed)* Ross, what is taking you so long?

**Ross:** *(stares at her through the door and starts pushing the chair harder, looking very annoyed. He finally manages)* *(sarcastic)* I'm sorry, it's almost as if this wasn't built for a quick [[Friends-词汇总表#getaway\|getaway]]!

*(Mark, approaches from behind and recognizes her)*

**Mark:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** *(turns around)* Mark? Oh my God! *(puts the box on the chair and they hug each other)*

**Mark:** How've you been?

**Rachel:** I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]]. You remember Ross?

**Mark:** Sure, sure. *(To Ross)* What's with the chair. *(Rachel signals him not to mention she's been fired)*

**Ross:** Uh, you know, you can't always get a seat on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]], so... *(laughs stupidly)*

**Mark:** Clever. *(back to Rachel)* So how are you?

**Rachel:** Oh, well, *(looks at her box and chair)* you're not catching me on my best day.

**Mark:** Yeah, a box full of your desk stuff doesn't exactly say big [[Friends-词汇总表#promotion\|promotion]].

**Rachel:** No, but it's good, you know, I'm gonna take some time off and do some [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] work.

**Mark:** Are you sure, because we may have something at Louis Vuitton.

**Rachel:** Well, [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] work. What've you got?

**Mark:** Why don't we have dinner tonight and talk about it?

**Rachel:** Great! I'll call ya!

**Mark:** *(shakes Ross' hand)* Nice to see you.

**Ross:** Yeah! yeah, I got [[Friends-词汇总表#tenure\|tenure]]! *(Mark looks at him strangely and walks off)*

**Rachel:** *(very excited)* Oh my God!

**Ross:** See? I told you something good would come along. And he seemed really nice. I've met him before?

**Rachel:** Ross! That's Mark. From Bloomingdales? You were [[Friends-词汇总表#insanely\|insanely]] [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] of him.

**Ross:** *(realizing)* That is Mark?

**Rachel:** Yes.

**Ross:** I hate that guy.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Ross:** No, no, NO, you cannot go to dinner with him.

**Rachel:** What? You don't want me to get a job?

**Ross:** Oh yeah, I'm sure he's gonna give you a job. Maybe make you his SEXretary.

**Rachel:** Ugh.

**Ross:** I'm serious. I just don't trust that guy, okay?

**Rachel:** Ross, you know what? *(looks over to the door and sees security staring at them)* Okay, let's talk about it later, there comes security. *(Takes her box and leaves. Ross follows her and then returns for the chair. He stands for a moment, then pushes it quickly in the general direction Rachel went into, and out of the camera's view, and then nonchalantly walks away)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's new house. Sitting near the window, they look at the neighborhood.

**Monica:** Oh, I love this street. The trees, the big front [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yards]], the actual [[Friends-词汇总表#picket\|picket]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fence\|fences]].

**Chandler:** Man, those two dogs are going at it!

**Joey:** *(entering)* Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Monica:** Hey, where have you been?

**Joey:** Oh, just er... you know, looking around. But you know what? This house... is great.

**Chandler:** Really? What changed your mind?

**Joey:** Oh well, the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.

**Chandler:** Joey, there was a little girl who lived here, but she died like 30 years ago.

*(Joey's eyes double in size)*

**Joey:** *(frightened)* What?

**Chandler:** Ha! I'm just messing with you.

**Joey:** That's not funny! You know I'm afraid of little girl [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghosts]]!

**Monica:** Joey, now that you're okay with the house, do you wanna go see your room?

**Joey:** What? I get my own room?

**Chandler:** You don't think we'd buy a house and not have a Joey room do you?

**Joey:** Oh my God! *(they all hug)* Oh! Hey, can I have an [[Friends-词汇总表#aquarium\|aquarium]]? And a sex [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]]? Chandler and Monica: No!

**Joey:** Why not? I'll keep the [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] clean.


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike are leaving.

**Mike:** After you, miss Banana Hammock.

**Phoebe:** Thank you, [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] Bag.

*(a woman enters and recognizes Phoebe)*

**Woman:** Oh hey, how are you?

**Phoebe:** Oh hi Rita! Good! *(to Mike)* Oh, Rita's a [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] client.

**Mike:** Oh! Why don't you [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] me?

**Phoebe:** *(shrugs)* Er, Rita, this is my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]].

**Rita:** Oh! *(they shake hands)*

**Phoebe:** Yeah.

**Mike:** Why don't you tell her my name?

**Phoebe:** *(without moving her lips, wearing a fake smile)* Okay, I will. *(to Rita)* This is my [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] Crap Bag.

**Rita:** Crap Bag?

**Mike:** If you need an easy way to remember it, just think of a bag of [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]].

**Rita:** Okay. Excuse me...

**Phoebe:** Yeah... Ogh... Okay, fine. You made your point. Can you please just be Mike Hannigan again?

**Mike:** Only if you'll be Phoebe Buffay.

**Phoebe:** How about uhm... How about Buffay-Hannigan?

**Mike:** Really?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. I'm Phoebe Buffay-Hannigan Banana Hammock.

**Mike:** Do you even know what a [[Friends-词汇总表#banana\|banana]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hammock\|hammock]] is?

**Phoebe:** It's a funny word.

**Mike:** It's a Speedo.

**Phoebe:** ...Oh [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Ross enters.

**Ross:** Hey, is Rachel here?

**Monica:** No.

**Ross:** She's still at dinner?

**Monica:** I guess. Why? Who's she with?

**Ross:** That guy Mark. From Bloomingdale's... She thinks he's just being nice to her. But I know he really wants to sleep with her.

**Chandler:** It's seven years ago. *(he looks surprised)* My time machine works!

**Ross:** We ran into him on the street today and he said he might have a job for her. But I know he just wants to get into her pants.

**Monica:** So what if he wants to sleep with her? I mean, she's single and he's cute.

**Chandler:** Excuse me?

**Monica:** Oh please! Yesterday on the [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]]? You couldn't stop staring at that woman with the big breasts the whole time.

**Chandler:** For your information, I was staring at her baby. We're about to be parents.

**Monica:** Oh, sorry!

*(She looks at Ross, a bit ashamed. Chandler mimes "big breasts" to Ross and lip syncs "Wow". Ross looks at him, astonished and then Monica looks at Chandler again. A little too late he changes the "big breasts" mime into "rocking a baby". When he realizes Monica might have seen it he also strokes his imaginary baby's head.)*

**Rachel:** *(entering)* Hi you guys!

**Ross:** Hey, so uhm... How was dinner?

**Rachel:** Oh, it was great. Mark is so sweet.

**Ross:** *(speaking without pause, agitated)* Oh yeah? Yeah? I wonder why? What could that [[Friends-词汇总表#smarmy\|smarmy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#letch\|letch]] [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] want?

**Rachel:** Oh Ross, come on. He's [[Friends-词汇总表#happily\|happily]] married. His wife just had [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twins]].

**Ross:** Should we send something?

**Chandler:** How did the job stuff go?

**Rachel:** He offered me one.

**Chandler:** That's great!

**Ross:** Congratulations!

**Rachel:** I know, it's amazing. It's amazing. It's so much better than what I had at Ralph Lauren. The money is great...

**Ross:** Can we, can we just stop for a second? Who said something better would come along, huh? You didn't believe me. I told you everything was gonna work out. *(gasps)* You know what? This calls for a [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] of Israels [[Friends-词汇总表#finest\|finest]].

**Rachel:** The job is in Paris. *(they all stare at each other)*


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's. Joey's on the phone.

**Joey:** I mean, this [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] is a great [[Friends-词汇总表#gig\|gig]], but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always thought of myself as a serious actor. I mean, should I be trying to do more independent movies?

**Mackenzie:** *(at the other end of the line)* I don't know... You know what? I'm gonna put you on with my bear. Hold on. *(she puts the phone at the bears ear)*

**Joey:** Hey bear, I need some career advice. THE END





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（40）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 6 | 442 | 191 | *Oh, well, er, I already ate, but sure...!  Guess what happened at work today...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hate\|hate]] | /heit/ | n. 憎恨, 恨, 厌恶 | n. the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demand | 4 | 182 | 101 | *I hate my parents.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 4 | 215 | 100 | *Why don't we have dinner tonight and talk about it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 3 | 422 | 131 | *Yeah, I don't know why we hang out with married couples more often.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 3 | 258 | 141 | *What? No, the only reason  I'm going to their stupid new house, is so I can point out everything tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 3 | 224 | 126 | *Hi!  Excuse us.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Oh, well, er, I already ate, but sure...!  Guess what happened at work today...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 2 | 266 | 138 | *Hey Mon? Was it weird changing your name to Geller-Bing?* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 2 | 155 | 54 | *Hey Mon? Was it weird changing your name to Geller-Bing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Hey! I will have you know that... aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 2 | 121 | 86 | *I'll pick you up at eleven. So glad you're coming.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 2 | 115 | 71 | *Hey, hey... I can convince people to do anything, you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that "th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 2 | 86 | 55 | *Oh my God! That's my boss. You have to seat us somewhere else. Maitre d': I'm sorry. That's always m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *Yeah, it is. Yeah, you know, it's tough. Single mom, career... You gotta get out there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *Okay. Oh, yeah...  Oh he's cute!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#exactly\|exactly]] | /i^'zæktli/ | adv. 确切地, 精确地, 恰好, 完全地, 确实, 恰恰正是, 确实如此 | r indicating exactness or preciseness | 2 | 118 | 88 | *Okay, well, I just don't, I don't know how it works exactly. See, my name is Buffay and my husband's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *You seriously changed your name to that?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *That guy Mark. From Bloomingdale's... She thinks he's just being nice to her. But I know he really w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 2 | 162 | 106 | *I know, it's amazing. It's amazing. It's so much better than what I had at Ralph Lauren. The money i* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Yeah, I don't know why we hang out with married couples more often.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 1 | 134 | 69 | *Well, because every time we do, you make jokes about swinging and scare them away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Oh, well, er, I already ate, but sure...!  Guess what happened at work today...* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *Hey Mon? Was it weird changing your name to Geller-Bing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Damn it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Whatever happened to just singing for  no reason? Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *This place is so depressing. If I had to work here I'd kill myself.  But you obviously haven't.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *This place is so depressing. If I had to work here I'd kill myself.  But you obviously haven't.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Okay, well, I just don't, I don't know how it works exactly. See, my name is Buffay and my husband's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 1 | 197 | 118 | *Oh, not anymore. I changed it today.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apparently\|apparently]] | /ә'pærәntli/ | adv. 表面上, 清楚地, 显然地 | r. from appearances alone | 1 | 66 | 56 | *Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 1 | 170 | 116 | *Well, my boss was at the same restaurant where I was having my interview and he heard everything. So* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *No seriously. I have job security for life. You know, I never have to worry.  Oh, look at you. Look * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *And thank you for explaining to us what escrow means... I've already forgotten what you said, but th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *What am I gonna do, I feel like I'm losing my friends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Oh, well,  you're not catching me on my best day.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *Ha! I'm just messing with you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *That's not funny! You know I'm afraid of little girl ghosts!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *We ran into him on the street today and he said he might have a job for her. But I know he just want* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Oh yeah? Yeah? I wonder why? What could that smarmy letch possibly want?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#actor\|actor]] | /'æktә/ | n. 男演员, 行动者 | n. a theatrical performer | 1 | 88 | 57 | *I mean, this soap opera is a great gig, but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always tho* |

### 常用词（53）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 9 | 61 | 48 | *Crap Bag.* |
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 5 | 165 | 26 | *Uhm the... the ministry... of names... bureau...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#princess\|princess]] | /'prinsis/ | n. 公主, 王妃, 女巨头 | n. a female member of a royal family other than the queen (especially the daught | 5 | 22 | 10 | *Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 3 | 60 | 48 | *Congratulations!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 3 | 78 | 41 | *Oh my God! That's my boss. You have to seat us somewhere else. Maitre d': I'm sorry. That's always m* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 3 | 49 | 29 | *Okay, well, I just don't, I don't know how it works exactly. See, my name is Buffay and my husband's* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 3 | 68 | 42 | *Okay, well, I just don't, I don't know how it works exactly. See, my name is Buffay and my husband's* |
| ralph | /reif, rælf/ | n. 拉尔夫（男子名） | n. A name sometimes given to the raven. | 2 | 59 | 18 | *Well, I didn't get the job at Gucci and I got fired from Ralph Lauren.* |
| lauren |  | n. 劳伦（姓氏） |  | 2 | 49 | 20 | *Well, I didn't get the job at Gucci and I got fired from Ralph Lauren.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bottle\|bottle]] | /'bɒtl/ | n. 瓶子, 酒瓶 | n. a glass or plastic vessel used for storing drinks or other liquids; typically | 2 | 38 | 30 | *Hey! Wha-hoo! What's this?  Well it's a, it's a bottle of champagne. Why is this here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#champagne\|champagne]] | /ʃæm'pein/ | n. 香槟酒, 香槟酒色 | n. a white sparkling wine either produced in Champagne or resembling that produc | 2 | 19 | 13 | *Hey! Wha-hoo! What's this?  Well it's a, it's a bottle of champagne. Why is this here?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#subway\|subway]] | /'sʌbwei/ | n. 地铁, 地道 | n an electric railway operating below the surface of the ground (usually in a ci | 2 | 26 | 16 | *Uh, you know, you can't always get a seat on the subway, so...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] | /swiŋ/ | n. 摇摆, 振幅, 音律, 节奏, 涨落, 秋千, 旋转, 行动自由 | n. a state of steady vigorous action that is characteristic of an activity | 1 | 35 | 17 | *Well, because every time we do, you make jokes about swinging and scare them away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scare\|scare]] | /skєә/ | n. 惊吓, 恐慌 | n. a sudden attack of fear | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Well, because every time we do, you make jokes about swinging and scare them away.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinosaur\|dinosaur]] | /'dainәsɒ:/ | n. 恐龙 | n. any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era | 1 | 38 | 34 | *A dinosaur died a million years ago?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] | /'sә:kl/ | n. 圆周, 社交圈, 循环, 范围 | n. ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Yeah. Do you have any idea what this means in academic circles, uh? I am gonna get laid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Yeah. Do you have any idea what this means in academic circles, uh? I am gonna get laid.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teeth\|teeth]] | /ti:θ/ | pl. 牙齿 | n the kind and number and arrangement of teeth (collectively) in a person or ani | 1 | 24 | 17 | *Guess what?  I finally got that seed out of my teeth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supportive\|supportive]] | /sә'pɔ:tiv/ | a. 支撑, 支承, 资助, 赞助, 支援, 经受, 忍受, 扶养, 证实, 鼓励, 维持, 伴奏 | a. furnishing support or assistance | 1 | 22 | 15 | *You know what? You are my friends, I wanna be supportive, I will come with you. SHOTGUN!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eleven\|eleven]] | /i'levn/ | num. 十一, 十一个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one | 1 | 13 | 10 | *I'll pick you up at eleven. So glad you're coming.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#strange\|strange]] | /streindʒ/ | a. 奇怪的, 陌生的, 生疏的, 不熟悉的, 不可思议的, 外行的, 外地的, 异乡的 | a. being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a b | 1 | 17 | 17 | *You're a strange kind of grown-up.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#convince\|convince]] | /kәn'vins/ | vt. 说服, 使相信 | v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of somethin | 1 | 24 | 22 | *Hey, hey... I can convince people to do anything, you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that "th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reservation\|reservation]] | /.rezә'veiʃәn/ | n. 保留, 预定, 保留品, 保留地 | n. a district that is reserved for particular purpose | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Hi, I'm here to see mr Campbell... with Gucci. The reservation is probably under Gucci. It's spelled* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 1 | 26 | 20 | *Hi, I'm here to see mr Campbell... with Gucci. The reservation is probably under Gucci. It's spelled* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#confuse\|confuse]] | /kәn'fju:z/ | vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑 | v. mistake one thing for another | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Hi, I'm here to see mr Campbell... with Gucci. The reservation is probably under Gucci. It's spelled* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *Oh my God! That's my boss. You have to seat us somewhere else. Maitre d': I'm sorry. That's always m* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tough\|tough]] | /tʌf/ | n. 恶棍 | a. not given to gentleness or sentimentality | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Yeah, it is. Yeah, you know, it's tough. Single mom, career... You gotta get out there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 1 | 43 | 30 | *Wha... My resumé? I wouldn't... I wouldn't call my online dating profile a resumé.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sing\|sing]] | /siŋ/ | vi. 唱, 唱歌, 演唱, 鸣, 啼 | v. deliver by singing | 1 | 75 | 45 | *Whatever happened to just singing for  no reason? Huh?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#depress\|depress]] | /di'pres/ | vt. 使沮丧, 压低, 降低, 使萧条 | v. lower someone's spirits; make downhearted | 1 | 19 | 18 | *This place is so depressing. If I had to work here I'd kill myself.  But you obviously haven't.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *I need to change my name, please. See, I need to change it because I'm-I'm hiding from the law.  You* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prove\|prove]] | /pru:v/ | vt. 证明, 查验, 检验, 勘探, 显示 | v. be shown or be found to be | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Well, my boss was at the same restaurant where I was having my interview and he heard everything. So* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#greatest\|greatest]] | /'^reitist/ | [计] 最大的 | s. highest in quality | 1 | 25 | 22 | *This is the single greatest day of my professional career. Gunther, six glasses!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#idiot\|idiot]] | /'idiәt/ | n. 白痴, 极蠢之人 | n. a person of subnormal intelligence | 1 | 61 | 44 | *Great. I feel like an idiot.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *And thank you for explaining to us what escrow means... I've already forgotten what you said, but th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] | /θrәut/ | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音 | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *Maybe because it's you hung your head out of the window like a dog the whole ride here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] | /bæt/ | n. 蝙蝠, 球棒 | n. nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings a | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Are you kiddin'? I think I just saw a bat in the corner!* |
| woah |  | [网络] 哇；哇哦；原谅的错却不能重来过 |  | 1 | 55 | 12 | *Woah, uh! Okay, let's hear your great idea.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *I hate to admit it, but you're probably right. How did you get to be so smart?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fantastic\|fantastic]] | /fæn'tæstik/ | a. 奇妙的, 稀奇的, 空想的 | s. extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 23 | 21 | *I'm fantastic. You remember Ross?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Well, screw charity work. What've you got?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Ross! That's Mark. From Bloomingdales? You were insanely jealous of him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] | /tæŋk/ | n. 槽, 箱, 柜, 罐, 池塘, 储水池, 坦克 | n. an enclosed armored military vehicle; has a cannon and moves on caterpillar t | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Why not? I'll keep the tank clean.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mister\|mister]] | /'mistә/ | n. 先生 | n. a form of address for a man | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Thank you, mister Bag.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#massage\|massage]] | /'mæsɑ:ʒ/ | n. 按摩, 揉 | n. kneading and rubbing parts of the body to increase circulation and promote re | 1 | 63 | 30 | *Oh hi Rita! Good!  Oh, Rita's a massage client.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#introduce\|introduce]] | /.intrә'dju:s/ | vt. 介绍, 引入, 采用, 输入 | v. cause to come to know personally | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Oh! Why don't you introduce me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#possibly\|possibly]] | /'pɒsәbli/ | adv. 可能, 也许 | r. by chance | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Oh yeah? Yeah? I wonder why? What could that smarmy letch possibly want?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twin\|twin]] | /twin/ | n. 双胞胎中一人, 一对非常相像的人(或物)中的一个 | n. either of two offspring born at the same time from the same pregnancy | 1 | 59 | 24 | *Oh Ross, come on. He's happily married. His wife just had twins.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 1 | 46 | 26 | *I mean, this soap opera is a great gig, but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always tho* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] | /'ɒpәrә/ | n. 歌剧 | n. a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and a | 1 | 24 | 14 | *I mean, this soap opera is a great gig, but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always tho* |

### 低频词（60）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tenure\|tenure]] | /'tenjuә/ | n. 享有, 保有期 | n. the term during which some position is held | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Try sixty-five million years ago, and then try sssshhhhhh.... My tenure review board met today and I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gucci\|gucci]] |  | n. 古琦（品牌名） |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Hey you guys... You're never gonna believe it. This headhunter called me. I have a meeting tomorrow * |
| hannigan |  | n. (Hannigan)人名；(英)汉尼根 |  | 5 | 8 | 4 | *All right, let's see, call me mrs Hannigan.* |
| consuela | /kɔn'sweilә/ | n. 康斯薇拉(f.) |  | 5 | 5 | 1 | *Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#banana\|banana]] | /bә'nɑ:nә/ | n. 香蕉 | n. any of several tropical and subtropical treelike herbs of the genus Musa havi | 5 | 13 | 6 | *Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hammock\|hammock]] | /'hæmәk/ | n. 吊床 | n. a hanging bed of canvas or rope netting (usually suspended between two trees) | 5 | 6 | 2 | *Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an o* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#campbell\|campbell]] | /'kæmbl/ | n. 坎贝尔（姓氏） | n. United States mythologist (1904-1987) | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Hi, I'm here to see mr Campbell... with Gucci. The reservation is probably under Gucci. It's spelled* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#maitre\|maitre]] |  | n. （法）总管, 管家 |  | 3 | 11 | 4 | *Hi, I'm here to see mr Campbell... with Gucci. The reservation is probably under Gucci. It's spelled* |
| rita | /'ri:tә/ | n. 丽塔（女子名） |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Oh hi Rita! Good!  Oh, Rita's a massage client.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#escrow\|escrow]] | /'eskrәu/ | n. 附带条件实现后交付的契约 | n. a written agreement (or property or money) delivered to a third party or put  | 2 | 4 | 2 | *But no, it's not close. You said it was in escrow? I couldn't even find it on the map.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fungus\|fungus]] | /'fʌŋgәs/ | n. 真菌, 真菌类植物 | n. an organism of the kingdom Fungi lacking chlorophyll and feeding on organic m | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Me too. Yeah, this place is great. I'm so happy for you guys. Although, you know, I hope you like fu* |
| uhu |  | abbr. Unhappy Hookers United 不幸妓女联盟 |  | 2 | 6 | 3 | *Uhu, uhu, well, then, great. If you love it, I love it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] | /'tʃæriti/ | n. 慈悲, 博爱, 慈善团体, 施舍 | n. a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any pa | 2 | 42 | 9 | *No, but it's good, you know, I'm gonna take some time off and do some charity work.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#portuguese\|portuguese]] | /.pɒ:tju'gi:z/ | n. 葡萄牙人, 葡萄牙语 | n. the Romance language spoken in Portugal and Brazil | 1 | 4 | 3 | *You mean that Portuguese couple? Yeah, like you wouldn't have done it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diner\|diner]] | /'dainә/ | n. 用餐者 | n. a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant) | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ross, we're kind of in the middle of diner here.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#headhunter\|headhunter]] | /'hedhʌntә/ | n. (原始社会中)猎取人头者, 物色人才的人 | n. a recruiter of personnel (especially for corporations) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey you guys... You're never gonna believe it. This headhunter called me. I have a meeting tomorrow * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#odds\|odds]] | /ɒdz/ | n. 可能性, 几率, 机会, 胜算, 不平等 | n. the likelihood of a thing occurring rather than not occurring | 1 | 14 | 9 | *You too! What are the odds?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seed\|seed]] | /si:d/ | n. 种子, 籽, 萌芽, 子孙, 精液 | n. a small hard fruit | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Guess what?  I finally got that seed out of my teeth.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happiest\|happiest]] |  | a. 幸福的；快乐的 | a enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure | 1 | 8 | 7 | *I don't know who I'm happiest for...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#acknowledge\|acknowledge]] | /әk'nɒlidʒ/ | vt. 承认, 告知收悉, 答谢, 报偿 | v. report the receipt of | 1 | 3 | 3 | *No, no. It felt nice to acknowledge this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ministry\|ministry]] | /'ministri/ | n. 部, 内阁, 服务 | n. religious ministers collectively (especially Presbyterian) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uhm the... the ministry... of names... bureau...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bureau\|bureau]] | /'bjuәrәu/ | n. 局, 办公处 | n an administrative unit of government | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uhm the... the ministry... of names... bureau...* |
| aah | /ɑ:/ | abbr.[军] Armored Artillery Howitzer, 装甲榴弹炮 | v express admiration and pleasure by uttering `ooh' or `aah' | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Hey! I will have you know that... aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shotgun\|shotgun]] | /'ʃɒtgʌn/ | n. 散弹猎枪, 媒人 | n. firearm that is a double-barreled smoothbore shoulder weapon for firing shot  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *You know what? You are my friends, I wanna be supportive, I will come with you. SHOTGUN!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prude\|prude]] | /pru:d/ | n. 拘守礼仪的人, 故作正经的人 | n. a person excessively concerned about propriety and decorum | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, prude... Look, Monica and Chandler really love this house. You are not gonna talk them in* |
| valerie | /'vælәri/ | n. 瓦莱丽（女子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uhm, no. I'm gonna have my friends call me Valerie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loogie\|loogie]] |  |  | a large slimy glob of spit, mixed with nose snot, that is formed by coughing up  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I thought Joey was here. Five is good.  Well, I'm gonna have a loogie in my coffee tomorrow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#israeli\|israeli]] | /iz'reili/ | a. 以色列的, 以色列人(语)的 | n. a native or inhabitant of Israel | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ooh! Israeli champagne. And it's vanilla!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vanilla\|vanilla]] | /vә'nilә/ | n. 香草, 香子兰 | n. any of numerous climbing plants of the genus Vanilla having fleshy leaves and | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Ooh! Israeli champagne. And it's vanilla!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lottery\|lottery]] | /'lɒtәri/ | n. 奖券, 彩票, 运气 | n. something that is regarded as a chance event | 1 | 15 | 2 | *I got tenure. I didn't win the lottery... Hey Rach, so uh... how did your thing go?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#importantly\|importantly]] |  | adv. 重要地；大量地；有名望地；自命不凡地 | r. in an important way or to an important degree | 1 | 5 | 5 | *But more importantly to full well-rounded lives.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#inspection\|inspection]] | /in'spekʃәn/ | n. 检验, 检查, 视察 | n. a formal or official examination | 1 | 1 | 1 | *No it's not. We had an inspection and they didn't find anything.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scratchy\|scratchy]] | /'skrætʃi/ | a. 潦草的, 刺痛的, 发痒的, 凑合的, 发擦刮声的, 乖戾的 | s causing abrasion | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.* |
| kiddin |  | [网络] 七彩汤圆 |  | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Are you kiddin'? I think I just saw a bat in the corner!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mailbox\|mailbox]] | /'meilbɒks/ | n. 邮筒, 邮箱 | n. a private box for delivery of mail | 1 | 4 | 4 | *When your head was hanging out the window, it didn't hit a mailbox, did it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hum\|hum]] | /hʌm/ | n. 嗡嗡声, 哼声, 杂声 | n. a humming noise | 1 | 17 | 7 | *FINE, ok, if you love this house so much, then you should just live here, okay? I just hope you get * |
| hmmmmm |  | [网络] 收缩 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *no... hmmmmm... it's not... hmmmmmmmmmm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mackenzie\|mackenzie]] |  | n. 麦肯齐河（又译“马更些河”, 加拿大西北部河流）；麦肯齐区（又译“马更些区”, 加拿大西北部的小区）；麦肯齐氏 | n. Canadian explorer (born in England) who explored the Mackenzie River and who  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm Mackenzie. My stupid parents are selling this house.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#haunt\|haunt]] | /hɒ:nt/ | n. 常到的地方, 生息地 | n. a frequently visited place | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Uhm... oh! Okay. You come with me, and you tell them that the house is haunted!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whiner\|whiner]] |  | n. 哀呜者, 哀诉者, 嘀咕者 | n. a person given to excessive complaints and crying and whining | 1 | 1 | 1 | *This is what my mom was talking about. Whiners are wieners.  Look, you want your friends to be happy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wiener\|wiener]] | /'vi:nә/ | n. <美>=frankfurter | n. United States mathematician and founder of cybernetics (1894-1964) | 1 | 10 | 3 | *This is what my mom was talking about. Whiners are wieners.  Look, you want your friends to be happy* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#getaway\|getaway]] | /'^etә,wei/ | n. 逃走, 起步 | n. a rapid escape (as by criminals) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm sorry, it's almost as if this wasn't built for a quick getaway!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clever\|clever]] | /'klevә/ | a. 聪明的, 精明的 | s. showing inventiveness and skill | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Clever.  So how are you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promotion\|promotion]] | /prәu'mәuʃәn/ | n. 晋级, 创建, 增进 | n. a message issued in behalf of some product or cause or idea or person or inst | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yeah, a box full of your desk stuff doesn't exactly say big promotion.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vuitton\|vuitton]] |  | n. 威登（法国一时尚品牌） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Are you sure, because we may have something at Louis Vuitton.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bloomingdales\|bloomingdales]] |  | n. 布卢明代尔百货公司 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ross! That's Mark. From Bloomingdales? You were insanely jealous of him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insanely\|insanely]] |  | adv. 精神错乱地, 疯狂地, 极其愚蠢地, 脱离实际地 | r. in an insane manner | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Ross! That's Mark. From Bloomingdales? You were insanely jealous of him.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yard]] | /jɑ:d/ | n. 码, 庭院, 工场 | n. a unit of length equal to 3 feet; defined as 91.44 centimeters; originally ta | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Oh, I love this street. The trees, the big front yards, the actual picket fences.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#picket\|picket]] | /'pikit/ | n. 桩, 尖桩, 警戒哨, 巡逻艇, 纠察队 | n. a detachment of troops guarding an army from surprise attack | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, I love this street. The trees, the big front yards, the actual picket fences.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fence\|fence]] | /fens/ | n. 围墙, 栅栏, 买卖赃物的人, 剑术 | n. a barrier that serves to enclose an area | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, I love this street. The trees, the big front yards, the actual picket fences.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghost]] | /gәust/ | n. 鬼, 灵魂, 幻影, 一丝, 一点 | n. a mental representation of some haunting experience | 1 | 10 | 6 | *That's not funny! You know I'm afraid of little girl ghosts!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aquarium\|aquarium]] | /ә'kwєәriәm/ | n. 水族馆, 养鱼池, 水草缸 | n. a tank or pool or bowl filled with water for keeping live fish and underwater | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my God!  Oh! Hey, can I have an aquarium? And a sex swing? Chandler and Monica: No!* |
| ogh |  | [网络] 酣；会场；假执行 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah... Ogh... Okay, fine. You made your point. Can you please just be Mike Hannigan again?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speedo\|speedo]] |  | n. 示速器, 里程计, 速度计 |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *It's a Speedo.* |
| bloomingdale |  | n. 布卢明代尔百货公司 |  | 1 | 12 | 9 | *That guy Mark. From Bloomingdale's... She thinks he's just being nice to her. But I know he really w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smarmy\|smarmy]] | /'smɑ:mi/ | a. 虚情假意的, 爱说奉承话的 | s unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah? Yeah? I wonder why? What could that smarmy letch possibly want?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#letch\|letch]] | /letʃ/ | n. 色欲, 好色者 | n man with strong sexual desires | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah? Yeah? I wonder why? What could that smarmy letch possibly want?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happily\|happily]] | /'hæpili/ | adv. 幸福地, 快乐地, 幸好 | r. in a joyous manner | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Oh Ross, come on. He's happily married. His wife just had twins.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finest\|finest]] | /fi'nest/ | n. [总称]警察 | s being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Can we, can we just stop for a second? Who said something better would come along, huh? You didn't b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gig\|gig]] | /gig/ | n. 旋转物, 轻便双轮马车, 赛艇, 鱼叉, 记过, 爵士乐演奏会 | n. long and light rowing boat; especially for racing | 1 | 7 | 5 | *I mean, this soap opera is a great gig, but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always tho* |
