---
season: 10
episode: "11"
title: "Friends - 10.11 - The One Where The Stripper Cries"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S10E11 — Friends - 10.11 - The One Where The Stripper Cries

Friends 1011 - The One Where The Stripper Cries

*Written by: Marta Kauffman & David Crane Produced by: Robert Carlock & Wendy Knoller Final check by Kim*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Everyone's sitting on the couch. Monica and Joey enter.

**Joey:** Hey guys!

**Monica:** Hey, let me tell them!

**Joey:** Sure.

**Monica:** Joey is gonna be a [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrity]] guest on a game show!

**Phoebe:** Great!

**Ross:** Really? Which one?

**Monica:** *(stopping Joey from answering)* Ohh! Fish, [[Friends-词汇总表#seaweed\|seaweed]], a [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sunken]] ship.

**Ross:** Things you find in the ocean, *(to Joey)* You're gonna be on "Pyramid"!!

**Monica:** Oh, that was our [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] game show ever!

**Ross:** Except for "Match game"...

**Monica:** Or "Win, Lose or Draw".

**Chandler:** What did I marry into?

**Joey:** Would you guys want to come down tomorrow and watch me [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] the show?

**Monica:** Oh, I can't. We're throwing Phoebe a [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelorette\|bachelorette]] party.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, sorry boys, this ride's closing.

**Ross:** Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college [[Friends-词汇总表#alumnus\|alumni]] thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny Osmond.

**Joey:** Seriously?

**Ross:** *(very excited)* Yeah-uh!

**Monica:** Ross and I always wanted to be Donny and Marie.

**Chandler:** You guys just keep getting [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] and cooler!

**Monica:** Yeah, we used to [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] for our family and friends.

**Rachel:** Oh God, that's right. I blocked that out.

**Monica:** *(singing)* "I'm a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] country"...

**Ross:** *(singing)* "...and I'm a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] rock 'n' [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]]"!

**Chandler:** *(to Monica)* I'm leaving you.


---

**OPENING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Class of '91 reunion. Ross and Chandler enter.

**Ross:** So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.

**Chandler:** Who?

**Ross:** He was [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommates]] with John Rosoff. He went out with Andrea Tamburino. She [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] him for Michael Skloff.

**Chandler:** *(looking around)* Did I go to this school?

**Ross:** Hey, there's Missy Goldberg. You gotta remember her.

**Chandler:** *(looks over at her)* Sure, nice.

**Ross:** Dude. You're married to my sister.

**Chandler:** You're right, by saying "nice" I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#virtually\|virtually]] [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|licking]] her.

**Ross:** Hey, I hear she's single again, d'you think I should ask her out?

**Chandler:** Are you asking permission to break the [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]]?

**Ross:** Yes please.


> [!scene] Flashback, year 1987. Chandler enters the school's corridor. Ross is hanging some flyers on the wall. Both have a funny 80s hair and clothes.

**Ross:** Hey. Hey, check out the [[Friends-词汇总表#flyer\|flyers]] for the band. I made 'em on a Macintosh in the computer room!

**Chandler:** Awesome, the name really stands out.

**Ross:** Thanks to a little something called "Helvetica Bold 24 point"!

**Chandler:** Man, we're gonna rock that Asian student union!

**Missy:** Hey guys!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey, Missy...

**Chandler:** You know, our band is playing on Friday.

**Ross:** Yeah, yeah. You should come check us out. We're called "Way! No Way!".

**Missy:** No way! Chandler and Ross: Way!

**Missy:** Right. I'll be there. *(she leaves)*

**Chandler:** Fresh!

**Ross:** Boss!

**Chandler:** Mint!

**Ross:** She's gone.

**Chandler:** I know it. You know, I'm totally gonna ask her out.

**Ross:** Dude, I was gonna ask her out.

**Chandler:** I said it first, bro.

**Ross:** Well, I thought it first, Holmes.

**Chandler:** *(angrily)* Look, if you did...

**Ross:** Woha! Wait... What are we doing? What we have is too important to mess it up over some girl. I mean, we can get [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|laid]] [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] we want.

**Chandler:** Totally. I had sex in High school...

**Ross:** Me too. I'm good at it.

**Chandler:** All right, I'd say we make a [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]]. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg.

**Ross:** You got it.

**Chandler:** All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] of us can go out with.

**Ross:** Those are the [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pacts]]!

**Chandler:** Oh, and Sheena Easton. But we probably couldn't get her anyway.

**Ross:** Oh, oh... maybe not you!


> [!scene] We get back to the Class of '91 reunion, where Ross and Chandler are still looking at Missy.

**Chandler:** Well, I [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] give you permission to break the [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]].

**Ross:** Thank you. *(they shake hands)* All right, here I go. Hey, remember how [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] it used to be going up to girls in college?

**Chandler:** Your hands are [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shaking]].

**Ross:** I know, and I can't stop [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweating]]. *(he walks towards Missy)*


> [!scene] Scene: The "Pyramid" Studio.

**Voice:** Five! Four! Three! Applause!

**Donny Osmond:** Yeah! Welcome, it is Soap Opera week here on Pyramid, let's meet our contestants. First, Gene Lester is a database specialist, he's gonna be playing with "Days of Our Life's" star Joey Tribbiani! *(Joey's amazed at the place and he keeps looking around till he realizes the audience is applauding him)*

**Joey:** *(to Gene)* I know it could be [[Friends-词汇总表#intimidate\|intimidating]] for regular people to be around [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrities]] but... relax, I'm just like you! *(pause)* Only better looking and [[Friends-词汇总表#richer\|richer]].

**Donny:** ...should be playing with the star of "General Hospital" Leslie Charleson. *(applause)* Welcome everybody. Good luck to all of you. Let's play Pyramid. All right? Now... we [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flipped]] a [[Friends-词汇总表#coin\|coin]] before the show, Gene, you won the [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|toss]], so you're gonna start. Which category would you like?

**Gene:** I'll take "You crossed the line".

**Donny:** You crossed the line. Joey, [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] for Gene these things that have lines. Give me 20 seconds on the [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]], please. Ready, go!

**Joey:** *(on the screen there's the word "Supermarket")* Uhm... ok. It's a store, like a [[Friends-词汇总表#supermarket\|supermarket]]. *(there is a sound indicating he made a mistake as he shouldn't have said 'supermarket'. The next word appears, "notebook")* Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah, ok, ok, uhm... I'm writing in my...

**Gene:** Diary.

**Joey:** Noo, *(whispering)* more like a [[Friends-词汇总表#notebook\|notebook]]... Damn it! *(next word appears: "blueprint")* Oh, if I'm building an house, the plan isn't called the 'shmoo-print'... Can't say that either? Woha... hey... *(the last word is "Football field" and there are 5 seconds left)* In high school, I once had sex with a girl right in the middle of the...

**Gene:** Cafeteria.

**Joey:** Yeah! But that is not what they're looking for. *(time's finished)* OOOH!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's apartment, where Phoebe's bachelorette party is taking place.

**Phoebe:** *(to Rachel)* Thank you so much for this.

**Rachel:** Oh, d'you like it?

**Phoebe:** Oh my God, it's all so [[Friends-词汇总表#elegant\|elegant]]! When's the [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] stuff starting?

**Rachel:** What?

**Phoebe:** You know, the [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|strippers]], and the guys dancing, and you know, [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]-pee's [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] about.

**Rachel:** Pheebs, I... there isn't gonna be any [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|flying]] about! We actually thought we were a little too mature for stuff like that.

**Phoebe:** Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]], uh, ok. *(she drinks her tea)* Hmmmm... [[Friends-词汇总表#raunchy\|raunchy]]!

**Rachel:** Seriously Pheebs, it's not gonna be that kind of a party.

**Phoebe:** Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelorette\|bachelorette]] party I'm ever gonna have! I've got a big [[Friends-词汇总表#wad\|wad]] of ones in my [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]]! Really? I mean, really? It's just [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]]?

**Rachel:** Nooo! Phoebe, of course there is more! I mean, I'll just go and talk to Monica and get an ETA on the [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]-pee's!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's at the game show "Pyramid" with host Donny Osmond.

**Donny:** Now Gene I must [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] you, you need all six of these to stay in the game, all right? Describe for Joey things you find in your [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]].

**Joey:** Ahaha, he might as well just give us the points.

**Donny:** Give me [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] seconds on the [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]]. Ready? Go!

*(the first word is cream)*

**Gene:** You put this in your coffee.

**Joey:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]]. Your hands. Your face!

**Gene:** It's white!

**Joey:** Paper, snow, a [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghost]]!

**Gene:** It's [[Friends-词汇总表#heavier\|heavier]] then [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]]!

**Joey:** A rock, a dog, the earth.

**Gene:** Pass!

*(the second word is mayonnaise)*

**Gene:** You put this on a [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]].

**Joey:** Salami, [[Friends-词汇总表#anchovy\|anchovies]], [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jam]]!

**Gene:** It's white!

**Joey:** Paper, snow, a [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghost]]!

**Gene:** It's made from [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|eggs]]!

**Joey:** Chickens?

**Gene:** Pass!

**Joey:** Oh!

*(The third word is ketchup)*

**Gene:** You put this on a [[Friends-词汇总表#hamburger\|hamburger]]!

**Joey:** Ketchup!

**Gene:** Yes!

*(The fourth word is soda)*

**Joey:** Relish!

**Gene:** Stop!

**Joey:** Oh.

**Donny:** Oh, time's up! Joey! You were, uh, almost on a [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] there...

**Joey:** Yeah...

**Donny:** Uh, Gene, you're gonna have a chance to go to the [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] in the second half. But right now Henrietta you are going to the winner circle to try your luck for ten [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars, right after this, don't go away.

**Stage Manager:** And we're out!

**Joey:** Oh, so we didn't win, but it's fun to play the game, right?

**Gene:** Hey! I got a kid starting college. I've to get surgery on my [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]], you just lost me ten grand!

**Joey:** Oh, wow! I'm so sorry, ok? I promise, we'll do better next time!

**Gene:** Well, I will, because I won't be playing with you.

**Joey:** Hey, you know, some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghost]] in my [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]]? *(pause)*. Yeah!


> [!scene] Scene: College reunion party. Ross is talking to Missy.

**Ross:** So, Saturday night!

**Missy:** I'd love to!

**Ross:** Great!

**Missy:** So how come it took you so long to ask me out?

**Ross:** Oh, well, uh, this is gonna sound kinda [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]], but, do you remember my [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] Chandler Bing?

**Missy:** Sure, he was in your "band"? *(she air quotes band)*

**Ross:** It's been [[Friends-词汇总表#sixteen\|sixteen]] years but the air quotes still hurt.

**Missy:** Sorry.

**Ross:** That's ok. Uh, anyway, well he and I both really liked you a lot, uhm, but we didn't want anything to [[Friends-词汇总表#jeopardize\|jeopardize]] our [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]], so we kinda made a [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]], that [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] of us could ask you out!

**Missy:** Really?

**Ross:** Yeah, why?

**Missy:** Well, Chandler and I used to make out! A lot!

**Ross:** You did?

**Missy:** Yeah. We'd go to the science lab after hours!

**Ross:** *(angrily)* AND ON MY TURF?


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's apartment. The bachelorette party.

**Monica:** *(to Rachel)* Hey, where is this guy, it's been over an hour!

**Rachel:** Well, he's coming from Jersey, he said he would get here as fast as he could!

*(someone knocks at the door)*

**Monica:** Who is it?

**Man:** It's the police!

**Rachel:** *(pretends to be shocked)* Uh! The police!

**Phoebe:** *(Excited, running back to her seat)* Oh!

**Man:** That's right, it's officer Goodbody.

**Monica:** What's the matter, officer? Has someone been bad? *(looks over to Phoebe and she opens the door, and to their dismay, the stripper is an old, short, fat guy who looks exhausted)* Roy, the male [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]]: *(coughs)* Whoo, that's a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]]!


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**

**Roy:** Ooh, boy. You should [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] people there's no [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]]! I should not have had that Mexican food for [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]].

**Monica:** Are you gonna be ok, officer, uhm,...

**Roy:** Goodbody!

**Monica:** ...If-you-say-so.

**Roy:** So where's the young lady who I'm supposed to take *(he shakes his hips)* [[Friends-词汇总表#downtown\|downtown]]! *(Monica points Phoebe)*

**Phoebe:** Oh, God!

**Roy:** All right, somebody show me where to [[Friends-词汇总表#plug\|plug]] in my box, and we'll get this party started! *(he thrusts his pelvis towards Phoebe)* Whaaaa... *(walks back to plug in his cd player)* Here? All right.

**Phoebe:** Rachel?

**Rachel:** Yeah?

**Phoebe:** Are you kidding?

**Rachel:** All right, look, we did not know that you wanted a [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] so we went to the [[Friends-词汇总表#phonebook\|phonebook]] and we got the first name we could find!

**Phoebe:** How old is your [[Friends-词汇总表#phonebook\|phonebook]]?

**Monica:** Oh my God, this man is gonna get naked in my apartment!

**Phoebe:** Oh God no, I don't wanna see him take his clothes off!

**Roy:** Are you talking about me?

**Monica:** Oh, no! I mean, obviously we want to see you take your clothes off! You big piece of eye [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]]!

**Roy:** Ok, ok, ladies! Can I have your attention, please? *(pause)* Did someone call for the long [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] of the law? *(He extends his arm from around his crotch and then upward and outward, towards Phoebe)* I should [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] you, I have a [[Friends-词汇总表#conceal\|concealed]] [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]]! *(Puts his hands over his crotch)* I hope you're [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] with the States [[Friends-词汇总表#penal\|penal]] code, ok, ok, enough [[Friends-词汇总表#tease\|teasing]]. Now for some pleasing!

*(he uses his remote to turn on the music, "Tainted Love" by Soft Cell, and starts dancing for Phoebe. He shakes his butt, moves his shoulders back, grabs his crotch and hops towards Phoebe. Phoebe is half horrified and half scared. He takes his hat off and throws it away, does some "Can Can" high kicks and swings his butt in front of Phoebe who looks at it in disgust. Then he tears open his shirt and shows her his chest and she flinches.)*

**Roy:** Whoa, whoa, whoa *(he turn off the music)*. She [[Friends-词汇总表#cringe\|cringed]]!

**Phoebe:** This is how I look when I'm turned on!

**Roy:** You were talking about me before! Look, I don't need this! I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] here! Where's my hat? *(goes to get it)* Look, I've been in this business for a long time!

**Phoebe:** Shocking!

**Roy:** Now if you just pay me my three hundred dollars, I'll be on my way!

**Phoebe:** Three hundred dollars, are you kidding?

**Rachel:** No, that's ok, let's me just get my check book!

**Phoebe:** No, you're not gonna pay him, he didn't do anything!

**Roy:** Didn't do anything? I took a bus all the way from Hoboken. I [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climbed]] ... I dunno... like a [[Friends-词汇总表#billion\|billion]] [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stairs]]... It's not like I can take them two at a time!

**Phoebe:** I don't care. We're not paying you 300 dollars for this.

**Roy:** Well, look - it's not my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] if you're too [[Friends-词汇总表#uptight\|uptight]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] the male form in all it's [[Friends-词汇总表#glory\|glory]].

**Phoebe:** Oh yeah, okay. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#uptight\|uptight]]. Yeah, that's why I don't want to watch a middle aged guy dance around in what I can only [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] is a child [[Friends-词汇总表#halloween\|halloween]] [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]]! *(turns to look at Monica and Rachel who look like they feel very sorry for the stripper)*

**Roy:** I may have [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrowed]] this from my [[Friends-词汇总表#nephew\|nephew]], but let me [[Friends-词汇总表#assure\|assure]] you, what's [[Friends-词汇总表#underneath\|underneath]] *(points at his groin)*... is all man.

**Phoebe:** I'm sorry, did you say all man or old man?

**Roy:** *(making a crying face)* Oh, you're mean!

**Monica:** *(walks towards Phoebe and the stripper)* Uh, look, officer... uhm Sir...

**Roy:** Damnit. OH! *(To Phoebe)* Big surprise! The [[Friends-词汇总表#hunk\|hunk]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#beef\|beef]] has [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feelings]]!


> [!scene] Scene: At Pyramid. Joey is with the woman now.

**Donny:** Ok Henrietta, you've picked Jack and Jill went up the hill.

**Joey:** *(To Henrietta)* My friend Rachel has a kid. I totally know [[Friends-词汇总表#nursery\|nursery]] [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhymes]]! *(makes a thumbs up sign)*

**Donny:** Joey [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] these things associated with the United States congress. *(Joey goes form looking very confident to looking very shocked the instant the word congress is said)* Give me 20 seconds on the [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] please. Ready? Go!

*(Camera goes to Joey. The clock is at 20 sec. The word "Legislature" appears. He looks at it blank faced and his eyes shift between Henrietta and his screen)*

**Joey:** Oh, .. uh... uh... pass. *(Next word: "Rotunda")* Pass. *(Next word: "Filibuster" stares at it a moment)* Pass. *(Henrietta is looking very confused)* *(Next word: "Addendum" 4 seconds remaining)* Okay, the little thing that hangs down at the back of your [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]].

**Henrietta:** Uvula!

**Joey:** Oh, then pass. *(Next word: "Joint session", but time's up, Joey acts very disappointed)*

**Donny:** O-kay... Henrietta, you didn't get all the points you needed, so that means Gene, you are going to the [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winners]] [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] to try for ten [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] dollars! *(Gene is clapping his hands looking very happy and so is Joey)* And you're gonna be going there with Joey Tribbiani *(Both of their smiles fade away instantly)*


> [!scene] Scene: Class of '91 reunion. Ross is walking angrily towards Chandler, who is talking to two other guys.

**Ross:** *(To Chandler)* You made out with Missy Goldberg. How could you do that, after you promised me?

*(Chandler looks at the other two guys, embarrassed)*

**Chandler:** *(to the two guys)* Excuse me. *(Chandler and Ross move away from them)*. That didn't make us sound gay at all!

**Ross:** You broke the [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]]!

**Chandler:** Ross, that was 16 years ago!

**Ross:** That doesn't matter! We're talking about the foundation of our [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]].

**Chandler:** I believe the foundation of our [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] was [[Friends-词汇总表#unfortunate\|unfortunate]] hair. *(Ross just stares at him)* All right, look, if we're really gonna do this... it's not like you never broke one of the [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pacts]].

**Ross:** I didn't.

**Chandler:** Oh really?

**Ross:** No.

**Chandler:** Oh really!?

**Ross:** NO!

**Chandler:** ADRIENNE TURNER!! *(A girl behind them turns around)*

**Adrienne:** Yes? Chandler and Ross: Hey! Hey Adrienne. *(They move away from her)*

**Ross:** I never did anything with Adrienne Turner.

**Chandler:** Oh please, and you knew how much I liked her.

**Ross:** I don't know what... you're talking about.

**Chandler:** Really?


> [!scene] Flashback scene: 80's College party.] Present Chandler's voice: Remember that big party? Freshman year? A week before Christmas vacation? I do. You had some visitors.

*(An 80's Rachel and fat Monica walk into the party room. Both with funny hair-do's and clothes)*

**Monica:** I can't believe we are at a real college party! *(Rachel laughs excitedly)* I have to [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] so bad!

**Rachel:** This is so [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]]! College guys are so cute!

**Monica:** Hey, you've got a boyfriend!

**Rachel:** I know. But if some guy who looks like Corey Haim wants to kiss me tonight, I'm sooo gonna let them! *(They spot Chandler)*

**Monica:** Look, there's Chandler. You knew, that stupid friend of Ross'. Said I'm fat. You know I've already lost 4 [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]]!

**Rachel:** It... You can so totally tell.

**Monica:** I KNOW!

**Rachel:** Well lets see. Maybe he knows where Ross is. *(They walk towards Chandler)* Hey, how's it going *(tries to look as un-interested in him as possible - checking out her nails)*.

**Chandler:** Aren't you...?

**Rachel:** Yeah, Rachel. And this *(points to Monica)* is Ross' sister, Monica. We met at Thanksgiving. *(looks around the room as if searching for something more interesting to do)*.

**Chandler:** *(smiling at Monica)* Right. *(to Rachel)* So how're you doing?

**Rachel:** Bitchin'

**Chandler:** Hi Monica.

**Monica:** Hi Chandler. It's really nice to see you *(rolls her eyes)* NOT. *(she and Rachel giggle a little and Chandler looks unimpressed)*

**Chandler:** O-kay. I'll see if I can find Ross. *(Goes off to find Ross.)*

**Monica:** Oh my God Rach. Bean bag chairs.

**Rachel:** Oh.

**Monica:** Do NOT let me sit in one of those. We'll be here for days.

*(Cut to Chandler. He's walking around looking for Ross. He sees him kissing a girl next to a vending machine)*

**Ross:** Listen Adrienne, you can't tell Chandler about this.

**Adrienne:** Oh believe me, Ross, I won't be telling anybody about this.

**Ross:** Cool! *(They start kissing again and Chandler looks shocked)*


> [!scene] Scene: We cut back to the present. The reunion where Chandler and Ross are talking.

**Ross:** I didn't know you knew about that.

**Chandler:** Well, I did and it hurt. *(they walk towards the bar)* That's when I wrote the song: "Betrayal In The Common Room".

**Ross:** *(looks disappointed in himself)* Man... I... I'm sorry.

**Chandler:** Look *(hands him a drink)* it was a lo-o-ong time ago.

**Ross:** So, eh. I made out with Adrienne and you made out with Missy. Well I guess we're even.

**Chandler:** *(smiling a little nervously)* Hmm mmmhm..

**Ross:** We are even, right?

**Chandler:** *(sighs)* Just one more thing. I was so [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|pissed]] at you that night that I wanted to get back at you. So I thought, who does Ross like the more than anybody?

**Ross:** *(thinks about it for a few seconds)* What did you do to my mom?

**Chandler:** Not her!


> [!scene] Flashback scene: We cut back to the 80's party. Rachel and Monica are "dancing".

**Rachel:** I am sooo drunk.

**Monica:** That's weird. I've had the same number of [[Friends-词汇总表#beer\|beers]] as you and I don't feel anything at all. *(Chandler approaches)*

**Chandler:** Soo... you girls having fun?

**Monica:** For your information, ass [[Friends-词汇总表#munch\|munch]], I've lost four [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]]. Maybe even five with all the dancing. *(A guy enters holding a pizza box)* Pizza guy: SOMEBODY ORDER A PIZZA?

**Monica:** Oh THATS ME! *(she runs to the pizza guy)*

**Rachel:** *(finishing the last of her drink)* I am soo not going to do good on my SATs tomorrow.

**Chandler:** Well maybe if you go to school here next year we can totally hang out.

**Rachel:** *(sarcastic)* Oh yeah. There is a plan! Why don't I just start taking my smart [[Friends-词汇总表#pill\|pills]] now?

**Chandler:** Well, maybe you can get in on a beauty [[Friends-词汇总表#scholarship\|scholarship]].

**Rachel:** *(blushing)* Oh, what a line. *(walks towards the drinks table with her back towards Chandler and whispers "Oh my God!")*

**Chandler:** So where are you applying to?

**Rachel:** Oh well, You know, I think it's kinda really important that I go [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] where there's sun, so I'm sort of... *(Chandler leans in an kisses her)* *(She pulls away)* Hey!

**Chandler:** I'm in college and I'm in a band.

**Rachel:** *(She considers it for a second)* Yeah okay. *(She puts her hands around his neck and they start kissing again)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's apartment. The stripper is sitting at the kitchen table. Monica, Rachel and Phoebe are standing around him

**Roy:** What's the matter? You never saw a 50 year old [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] cry before?

**Phoebe:** You know, it's fine. We'll pay you.

**Roy:** No, no, you're right. Who am I kidding? I should have hung up that [[Friends-词汇总表#breakaway\|breakaway]] [[Friends-词汇总表#jockstrap\|jockstrap]] years ago. What am I gonna do? I mean, this has been my life for [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] two years. Taking my clothes off in front of people is all I know.

**Rachel:** No, wait. No there's gotta be something else that you can do. I mean, what skills do you have?

**Roy:** I don't know... I can make my [[Friends-词汇总表#pecs\|pecs]] dance... I can pick up a dollar bill with my [[Friends-词汇总表#butt\|butt]] [[Friends-词汇总表#cheek\|cheeks]]... I can go to that special place inside me where I feel no [[Friends-词汇总表#shame\|shame]].

**Rachel:** So maybe something in an office.

**Phoebe:** Or you could [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] [[Friends-词汇总表#strip\|stripping]]. You know, share your gift, pass the [[Friends-词汇总表#torch\|torch]].

**Roy:** You know, actually that's not a bad idea. I can do it out of my apartment. I don't think my mom would mind.

**Phoebe:** There you go. Okay, do you think you're gonna be okay?

**Roy:** Yeah, yeah, yeah... This is so weird. I mean, you never know when it's gonna be your last dance. And I didn't even get a chance to finish it.

**Phoebe:** *(after a pause)* Finish it!

**Roy:** What?

**Phoebe:** Your last dance. Do it for us.

**Roy:** Really?

**Rachel:** *(to Phoebe)* Really?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, yeah. He [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserves]] to do the thing he loves one last time.

**Roy:** Okay, all right... Get ready ladies!

*(they sit down and Roy plays "You Make Me Feel" by Sylvester on his boom box, and starts... With his back towards the girls, he starts waving his hands, then backs towards the girls slapping his butt, then swings it around, and makes thrusting pelvic movements in front of Phoebe. He dances around the tables in between all the girls, and gets back into the kitchen part of the room. He then tears off one of his sleeves and throws it towards Monica and Rachel, who fight over who gets it. He then tears off his other sleeve and moves it back and forth between his legs, getting closer to Phoebe.)*

**Phoebe:** Oh this is so ho-o-ot!

*(Roy then sits on Phoebe's lap, looking exhausted)*

**Phoebe:** Oh no, no, no, don't stop!

**Roy:** *(out of breath)* Have to...


> [!scene] Scene: The game show studio. Joey and Gene are sitting in the winner circle.

**Donny:** Well, welcome to the Winner Circle. Joey and Gene, you guys ready?

**Joey:** *(nervously)* Yeah...

**Gene:** *(irritable)* Sure. *(Joey gets even more nervous)*

**Donny:** Okay. Give me [[Friends-词汇总表#sixty\|sixty]] seconds on the [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] please... Ready, GO! *(runs off)*

*(the screen says "6 to win" and "types of trees")*

**Gene:** Oak, [[Friends-词汇总表#maple\|maple]], [[Friends-词汇总表#elm\|elm]], [[Friends-词汇总表#birch\|birch]]...

**Joey:** I-I-I don't know. Types of trees?

*(Joey hears the bell which means his answer is correct and is surprised. The screen now says "5 to win" and "Spanish words")*

**Gene:** Uhm... Buenos días, [[Friends-词汇总表#enchilada\|enchilada]], por [[Friends-词汇总表#favor\|favor]]...

**Joey:** *(sympathetic)* Oh, I'm so sorry. I don't know any Spanish words.

*(There's the next bell, and the correct answer. The screen changes to "4 to win" and "things that burn". Gene now realizes that he got two correct answers and gets up in his seat.)*

**Gene:** A match, a [[Friends-词汇总表#candle\|candle]]...

**Joey:** Things that go "tssst" when you put them out.

**Gene:** A [[Friends-词汇总表#torch\|torch]], a [[Friends-词汇总表#bonfire\|bonfire]]... *(Joey seems lost)* uhm, your [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]]...

**Joey:** Things that [[Friends-词汇总表#burn\|burn]].

*(and another bell for the correct answer. "3 to win" and "What a dog might say")*

**Gene:** "I'd like to go for a walk", uhm "[[Friends-词汇总表#scratch\|scratch]] my [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]]".

**Joey:** Dude, dude! I think you're losing it.

**Gene:** Uhm, "I have [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]]", "I like to [[Friends-词汇总表#bark\|bark]]".

**Joey:** Oh, oh, oh... What a dog says.

*(the bell sounds again, "2 to win" and "pizza toppings")*

**Gene:** Pepperoni...

**Joey:** *(instantly)* Pizza [[Friends-词汇总表#topping\|toppings]], next!

*(there's 10 seconds left, "1 to win" and "Supermodels")*

**Gene:** Cindy Crawford, Christie Brinkley, Heidi Klum, Claudia Schiffer...

**Joey:** Oh, oh, oh... *(5 seconds left)*

**Gene:** Christie Turlington, Kate Moss...

**Joey:** Girls Chandler could never get?

**Gene:** *(irritated)* Supermodels!

**Joey:** Where? *(looking around)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Monica's there and Ross and Chandler walk in.

**Ross:** Hey, where's Rachel?

**Monica:** She and Phoebe took the [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] to the hospital.

**Ross:** Did you know Chandler kissed Rachel?

**Monica:** What? When was this?

**Ross:** Nineteen Eighty Seven. The weekend you guys visited me at school.

**Monica:** Oh my God! That's wild!

**Chandler:** Yeah, but it was like a million years ago, so it doesn't matter.

**Ross:** Well, it matters to me.

**Chandler:** Why?

**Ross:** Because... the night you kissed Rachel was the night I kissed Rachel for the very first time.

**Chandler:** You kissed her that night too?

**Monica:** Two guys in one night? Wow, I thought she became a [[Friends-词汇总表#slut\|slut]] after she got her [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] fixed.

**Chandler:** Seriously, where did this happen?

**Ross:** Okay, after you told me she was passed out in our room, I went in there to make sure she was all right. She was lying on my bed, all [[Friends-词汇总表#bury\|buried]] in peoples [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coats]]. Well, I went to kiss her on the [[Friends-词汇总表#forehead\|forehead]], you know. But it was so dark, I [[Friends-词汇总表#accidentally\|accidentally]] got her [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]]. I started to pull away, but then I felt her start to kiss me back. It was only for a second, but... it was amazing. And now, now I find out that you kissed her first.

**Chandler:** Oh wait... What bed did you say she was on?

**Ross:** Mine.

**Chandler:** I'm pretty sure I put her on my bed.

**Ross:** No, she was definitely on my bed.

**Chandler:** Why would I kiss a girl, and then put her on your bed?

**Ross:** Well, then who was on my bed?

**Monica:** *(screeching)* OH! Oh, oh! *(holding her hand in front of her mouth)*

**Ross:** *(realizing)* NO! No, no!

**Monica:** YES! *(Chandler gets an "oh no!" look on his face)*

**Ross:** You were under the [[Friends-词汇总表#pile\|pile]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coats]]?

**Monica:** I was the [[Friends-词汇总表#pile\|pile]] of [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coats]]!

**Ross:** OH MY GOD!

**Monica:** You were my Midnight Mystery Kisser?

**Ross:** You were my first kiss with Rachel?

**Monica:** You were my first kiss ever?

**Chandler:** What did I marry into?


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**


> [!scene] Scene: Back at the party in 1987. People are dancing to "Disco Inferno" by The Trammps.

*(Monica is dancing. At first she seems insecure and moves slowly, but then gets into the groove and swings her hips from side to side while holding her hands up. She then eats the last piece of pizza she was holding and again moves her hips from side to side, pushing her hands in the air in beat with the music. Her moves get more wildly while she's snapping her fingers. She loses balance and falls back onto a pink bean bag.)*

**Monica:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]! THE END





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（30）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 6 | 219 | 100 | *I know. But if some guy who looks like Corey Haim wants to kiss me tonight, I'm sooo gonna let them!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 5 | 279 | 145 | *I know it. You know, I'm totally gonna ask her out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 3 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 3 | 266 | 138 | *So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 3 | 211 | 141 | *Are you kidding?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clothe\|clothe]] | /klәuð/ | vt. 给...穿衣, 盖上, 赋予 | v. cover as if with clothing | 3 | 81 | 53 | *Oh God no, I don't wanna see him take his clothes off!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *What did I marry into?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college alumni thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 2 | 181 | 87 | *Dude. You're married to my sister.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 2 | 217 | 128 | *Oh, and Sheena Easton. But we probably couldn't get her anyway.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 2 | 116 | 69 | *...should be playing with the star of "General Hospital" Leslie Charleson.  Welcome everybody. Good * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 2 | 130 | 89 | *It's been sixteen years but the air quotes still hurt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Oh my God, this man is gonna get naked in my apartment!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 2 | 136 | 99 | *Ok, ok, ladies! Can I have your attention, please?  Did someone call for the long arm of the law?  I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 2 | 76 | 53 | *Now if you just pay me my three hundred dollars, I'll be on my way!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 2 | 308 | 105 | *What did you do to my mom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *Yeah, yeah, yeah... This is so weird. I mean, you never know when it's gonna be your last dance. And* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 1 | 101 | 74 | *Or "Win, Lose or Draw".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *Oh, I can't. We're throwing Phoebe a bachelorette party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mess\|mess]] | /mes/ | n. 食堂, 伙食, 用膳, 一份食品, 混乱, 乱七八糟, 困境 | n. a state of confusion and disorderliness | 1 | 66 | 50 | *Woha! Wait... What are we doing? What we have is too important to mess it up over some girl. I mean,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax, I'm just l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Noo,  more like a notebook... Damn it!  Oh, if I'm building an house, the plan isn't called the 'shm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *Oh, wow! I'm so sorry, ok? I promise, we'll do better next time!* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Oh, well, uh, this is gonna sound kinda silly, but, do you remember my roommate Chandler Bing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *So where's the young lady who I'm supposed to take  downtown!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 1 | 65 | 53 | *Oh, no! I mean, obviously we want to see you take your clothes off! You big piece of eye candy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *You were talking about me before! Look, I don't need this! I'm outta here! Where's my hat?  Look, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Damnit. OH!  Big surprise! The hunk of beef has feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Oh, .. uh... uh... pass.  Pass.  Pass.   Okay, the little thing that hangs down at the back of your * |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *O-kay... Henrietta, you didn't get all the points you needed, so that means Gene, you are going to t* |

### 常用词（74）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 9 | 165 | 26 | *Uhm... ok. It's a store, like a supermarket.  Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah, ok, ok, uhm... I'm w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clock\|clock]] | /klɒk/ | n. 时钟, 计时器, (袜子上的)绣花边花 | n. a timepiece that shows the time of day | 4 | 38 | 27 | *You crossed the line. Joey, describe for Gene these things that have lines. Give me 20 seconds on th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#circle\|circle]] | /'sә:kl/ | n. 圆周, 社交圈, 循环, 范围 | n. ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length; a plane curve generated by | 4 | 20 | 14 | *Uh, Gene, you're gonna have a chance to go to the winner circle in the second half. But right now He* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neither\|neither]] | /'naiðә/ | adv. 皆不, 两个都不 | s. not either; not one or the other | 3 | 57 | 45 | *All right, I'd say we make a pact. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#winner\|winner]] | /'winә/ | n. 胜利者, 优胜者 | n. the contestant who wins the contest | 3 | 16 | 13 | *Uh, Gene, you're gonna have a chance to go to the winner circle in the second half. But right now He* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#friendship\|friendship]] | /'frendʃip/ | n. 友谊, 友爱, 友善 | n. the state of being friends (or friendly) | 3 | 18 | 14 | *That's ok. Uh, anyway, well he and I both really liked you a lot, uhm, but we didn't want anything t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 3 | 73 | 42 | *For your information, ass munch, I've lost four pounds. Maybe even five with all the dancing.  Pizza* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 3 | 53 | 31 | *Okay, after you told me she was passed out in our room, I went in there to make sure she was all rig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roll\|roll]] | /rәul/ | n. 卷, 滚动, 名单, 案卷, 压路机 | n. a list of names | 2 | 56 | 42 | *"...and I'm a little bit rock 'n' roll"!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awesome\|awesome]] | /'ɒ:sәm/ | a. 引起敬畏的, 可怕的 | s inspiring awe or admiration or wonder | 2 | 20 | 18 | *Awesome, the name really stands out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fly\|fly]] | /flai/ | n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行 | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight | 2 | 51 | 39 | *You know, the strippers, and the guys dancing, and you know, pee-pee's flying about.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tea\|tea]] | /ti:/ | n. 茶, 茶叶 | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water | 2 | 35 | 21 | *Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just tea, uh, ok.  Hmmmm... raun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thousand\|thousand]] | /'θauznd/ | num. 千 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of 10 and 100 | 2 | 34 | 19 | *Uh, Gene, you're gonna have a chance to go to the winner circle in the second half. But right now He* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stair\|stair]] | /stєә/ | n. 梯级, 楼梯, 阶梯 | n support consisting of a place to rest the foot while ascending or descending a | 2 | 19 | 13 | *What's the matter, officer? Has someone been bad?  Roy, the male stripper:  Whoo, that's a lot of st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warn\|warn]] | /wɒ:n/ | vt. 警告, 提醒, 通知 | v. notify of danger, potential harm, or risk | 2 | 15 | 14 | *Ooh, boy. You should warn people there's no elevator! I should not have had that Mexican food for lu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pee\|pee]] | /pi:/ | n. (英)便士, 小便 | n liquid excretory product | 2 | 53 | 42 | *You know, the strippers, and the guys dancing, and you know, pee-pee's flying about.* |
| sooo |  | [网络] 兽；索得；登山包 |  | 2 | 33 | 27 | *I know. But if some guy who looks like Corey Haim wants to kiss me tonight, I'm sooo gonna let them!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pound]] | /paund/ | n. 磅, 英镑, 重击, 鱼塘, 拘留所, 兽栏 | n. 16 ounces avoirdupois | 2 | 25 | 22 | *Look, there's Chandler. You knew, that stupid friend of Ross'. Said I'm fat. You know I've already l* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 2 | 42 | 29 | *Soo... you girls having fun?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sink\|sink]] | /siŋk/ | n. 藏垢的场所, 沟渠, 污水槽 | n. plumbing fixture consisting of a water basin fixed to a wall or floor and hav | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Ohh! Fish, seaweed, a sunken ship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#favourite\|favourite]] | /'feivәrit/ | n. 喜欢的事物 | n a competitor thought likely to win | 1 | 21 | 16 | *Oh, that was our favourite game show ever!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#draw\|draw]] | /drɒ:/ | vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑 | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine | 1 | 30 | 24 | *Or "Win, Lose or Draw".* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 1 | 79 | 28 | *Would you guys want to come down tomorrow and watch me tape the show?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ride\|ride]] | /raid/ | n. 骑马, 乘坐, 乘车, 搭便车 | n. a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement | 1 | 52 | 33 | *Yeah, sorry boys, this ride's closing.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perform\|perform]] | /pә'fɒ:m/ | vt. 进行, 履行, 完成, 执行, 表演 | v. carry out or perform an action | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Yeah, we used to perform for our family and friends.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roommate\|roommate]] |  | n. 住在同室的人 | n. an associate who shares a room with you | 1 | 79 | 44 | *He was roommates with John Rosoff. He went out with Andrea Tamburino. She dumped him for Michael Skl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 1 | 31 | 26 | *He was roommates with John Rosoff. He went out with Andrea Tamburino. She dumped him for Michael Skl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lick\|lick]] | /lik/ | n. 舔, 少许, 打 | n. touching with the tongue | 1 | 15 | 11 | *You're right, by saying "nice" I'm virtually licking her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bos\|bos]] | /bɔs/ | [计] 基本操作系统, 成批处理操作系统 | n. wild and domestic cattle; in some classifications placed in the subfamily Bov | 1 | 78 | 41 | *Boss!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lay\|lay]] | /lei/ | vt. 放置, 产, 铺设, 布置, 提出, 平息 | v. put in a horizontal position | 1 | 23 | 23 | *Woha! Wait... What are we doing? What we have is too important to mess it up over some girl. I mean,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anytime\|anytime]] | /'enitaim/ | adv. 任何时候；无例外地 |  | 1 | 12 | 11 | *Woha! Wait... What are we doing? What we have is too important to mess it up over some girl. I mean,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Well, I officially give you permission to break the pact.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scary\|scary]] | /'skєәri/ | a. 容易受惊的, 胆小的, 提心吊胆的 | s provoking fear terror | 1 | 32 | 28 | *Thank you.  All right, here I go. Hey, remember how scary it used to be going up to girls in college* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shake\|shake]] | /ʃeik/ | n. 摇动, 震动 | v. move or cause to move back and forth | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Your hands are shaking.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweat\|sweat]] | /swet/ | n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急 | n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface | 1 | 22 | 19 | *I know, and I can't stop sweating.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *...should be playing with the star of "General Hospital" Leslie Charleson.  Welcome everybody. Good * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|toss]] | /tɒs/ | n. 投掷, 抛, 摇摆, 震荡, 掷钱币决定 | n. an abrupt movement | 1 | 10 | 10 | *...should be playing with the star of "General Hospital" Leslie Charleson.  Welcome everybody. Good * |
| noo |  | abbr. Navy Oceanographic Office <美国>海军海洋局 |  | 1 | 46 | 31 | *Noo,  more like a notebook... Damn it!  Oh, if I'm building an house, the plan isn't called the 'shm* |
| oooh |  | [网络] 噢；喔喔；呜 |  | 1 | 49 | 38 | *Yeah! But that is not what they're looking for.  OOOH!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 1 | 38 | 28 | *Oh my God, it's all so elegant! When's the dirty stuff starting?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#purse\|purse]] | /pә:s/ | n. 钱包, 小钱袋, 金钱, 募捐款, 囊状物 | n. a sum of money spoken of as the contents of a money purse | 1 | 48 | 31 | *Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only bachelore* |
| nooo |  | [网络] 阿；不是；喔喔 |  | 1 | 52 | 35 | *Nooo! Phoebe, of course there is more! I mean, I'll just go and talk to Monica and get an ETA on the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#remind\|remind]] | /ri'maind/ | vt. 提醒, 使想起 | v. put in the mind of someone | 1 | 31 | 29 | *Now Gene I must remind you, you need all six of these to stay in the game, all right? Describe for J* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] | /ri'fridʒәreitә/ | n. 电冰箱, 冷藏库 | n. white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Now Gene I must remind you, you need all six of these to stay in the game, all right? Describe for J* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#twenty\|twenty]] | /'twenti/ | num. 二十, 二十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of nineteen and one | 1 | 34 | 28 | *Give me twenty seconds on the clock. Ready? Go!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoon\|spoon]] | /spu:n/ | n. 匙, 调羹, 匙形工具 | n. a piece of cutlery with a shallow bowl-shaped container and a handle; used to | 1 | 17 | 12 | *A spoon. Your hands. Your face!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *It's heavier then milk!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *You put this on a sandwich.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#egg\|egg]] | /eg/ | n. 蛋, 卵 | n. animal reproductive body consisting of an ovum or embryo together with nutrit | 1 | 38 | 20 | *It's made from eggs!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chicken\|chicken]] | /'tʃikin/ | n. 小鸡, 鸡肉 | n. the flesh of a chicken used for food | 1 | 74 | 39 | *Chickens?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knee\|knee]] | /ni:/ | n. 膝, 膝盖 | n. hinge joint in the human leg connecting the tibia and fibula with the femur a | 1 | 23 | 18 | *Hey! I got a kid starting college. I've to get surgery on my knee, you just lost me ten grand!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *Hey, you know, some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a ghost in my fridge? . Yeah!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 1 | 27 | 21 | *Oh, well, uh, this is gonna sound kinda silly, but, do you remember my roommate Chandler Bing?* |
| whoo |  | [网络] 后；拱辰享；喔 |  | 1 | 13 | 10 | *What's the matter, officer? Has someone been bad?  Roy, the male stripper:  Whoo, that's a lot of st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 1 | 15 | 12 | *Ooh, boy. You should warn people there's no elevator! I should not have had that Mexican food for lu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lunch\|lunch]] | /lʌntʃ/ | n. 午餐 | n. a midday meal | 1 | 92 | 47 | *Ooh, boy. You should warn people there's no elevator! I should not have had that Mexican food for lu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#candy\|candy]] | /'kændi/ | n. 糖果, 冰糖 | n. a rich sweet made of flavored sugar and often combined with fruit or nuts | 1 | 57 | 23 | *Oh, no! I mean, obviously we want to see you take your clothes off! You big piece of eye candy!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#arm\|arm]] | /ɑ:m/ | n. 手臂, 袖子, 狭长港湾, 武器 | n. a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder  | 1 | 48 | 35 | *Ok, ok, ladies! Can I have your attention, please?  Did someone call for the long arm of the law?  I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#familiar\|familiar]] | /fә'miljә/ | a. 熟悉的, 常见的, 亲密的 | n. a person attached to the household of a high official (as a pope or bishop) w | 1 | 25 | 23 | *Ok, ok, ladies! Can I have your attention, please?  Did someone call for the long arm of the law?  I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#outta\|outta]] | /ˈaʊtə/ | prep. “out of”的简写体 |  | 1 | 28 | 23 | *You were talking about me before! Look, I don't need this! I'm outta here! Where's my hat?  Look, I'* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shock]] | /ʃɒk/ | n. 震动, 冲突, 震惊, 冲击, 突击, 禾束堆, 休克, 长毛狗 | n. the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat | 1 | 18 | 16 | *Shocking!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#climb\|climb]] | /klaim/ | v. 攀登, 上升, 爬 | n. an event that involves rising to a higher point (as in altitude or temperatur | 1 | 25 | 18 | *Didn't do anything? I took a bus all the way from Hoboken. I climbed ... I dunno... like a billion s* |
| dunno | /dʌ'nәj/ | v. <口>(我)不知道 |  | 1 | 29 | 16 | *Didn't do anything? I took a bus all the way from Hoboken. I climbed ... I dunno... like a billion s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 1 | 81 | 49 | *Well, look - it's not my fault if you're too uptight to appreciate the male form in all it's glory.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Well, look - it's not my fault if you're too uptight to appreciate the male form in all it's glory.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assume\|assume]] | /ә'sju:m/ | vt. 假定, 承担, 呈现 | v. take to be the case or to be true; accept without verification or proof | 1 | 21 | 21 | *Oh yeah, okay. I'm uptight. Yeah, that's why I don't want to watch a middle aged guy dance around in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#halloween\|halloween]] | /.hælәu'i:n/ | n. (基督教)万圣节前夕 | n. the evening before All Saints' Day; often devoted to pranks played by young p | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Oh yeah, okay. I'm uptight. Yeah, that's why I don't want to watch a middle aged guy dance around in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#costume\|costume]] | /'kɒstju:m/ | n. 装束, 服装 | n. the attire worn in a play or at a fancy dress ball | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Oh yeah, okay. I'm uptight. Yeah, that's why I don't want to watch a middle aged guy dance around in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#borrow\|borrow]] | /'bɒrәu/ | vt. 借, 借入, 借用 | v. get temporarily | 1 | 62 | 47 | *I may have borrowed this from my nephew, but let me assure you, what's underneath ... is all man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Uh, look, officer... uhm Sir...* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit. OH!  Big surprise! The hunk of beef has feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]] | /'fi:liŋ/ | n. 摸, 触觉, 知觉, 感觉, 情绪, 同情 | n. the experiencing of affective and emotional states | 1 | 76 | 44 | *Damnit. OH!  Big surprise! The hunk of beef has feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rhyme\|rhyme]] | /raim/ | n. 韵, 押韵, 韵文 | n. correspondence in the sounds of two or more lines (especially final sounds) | 1 | 12 | 10 | *My friend Rachel has a kid. I totally know nursery rhymes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] | /θrәut/ | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音 | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 1 | 16 | 14 | *Oh, .. uh... uh... pass.  Pass.  Pass.   Okay, the little thing that hangs down at the back of your * |

### 低频词（83）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#missy\|missy]] | /'misi/ | n. 少女, 姑娘, 小姐 | n a young woman | 6 | 14 | 8 | *Hey, there's Missy Goldberg. You gotta remember her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pact\|pact]] | /pækt/ | n. 契约, 协定, 条约 | n a written agreement between two states or sovereigns | 5 | 16 | 5 | *Are you asking permission to break the pact?* |
| adrienne | /'eidrien/ | n. 艾德丽安(f.) |  | 5 | 7 | 2 | *ADRIENNE TURNER!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goldberg\|goldberg]] | /'^әjldb\\:^/ | n. [俚]犹太老板（尤指在黑人聚居区开店或雇用黑人的） | n. United States cartoonist who drew intricate diagrams of very complicated and  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Hey, there's Missy Goldberg. You gotta remember her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stripper\|stripper]] | /'stripә/ | n. 剥...的人, 刮毛器, 折卸器, 剥皮器, 露天矿矿工, 低产井, 枯竭井 | n. a chemical compound used to remove paint or varnish | 4 | 27 | 8 | *What's the matter, officer? Has someone been bad?  Roy, the male stripper:  Whoo, that's a lot of st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#describe\|describe]] | /di'skraib/ | vt. 描述, 描绘, 画 | v. give a description of | 3 | 8 | 6 | *You crossed the line. Joey, describe for Gene these things that have lines. Give me 20 seconds on th* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ghost\|ghost]] | /gәust/ | n. 鬼, 灵魂, 幻影, 一丝, 一点 | n. a mental representation of some haunting experience | 3 | 10 | 6 | *Paper, snow, a ghost!* |
| henrietta | /,henri'etә/ | n. 汉丽埃塔（女子名） |  | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Uh, Gene, you're gonna have a chance to go to the winner circle in the second half. But right now He* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pyramid\|pyramid]] | /'pirәmid/ | n. 角锥, 金字塔 | n. a polyhedron having a polygonal base and triangular sides with a common verte | 2 | 6 | 5 | *Things you find in the ocean,  You're gonna be on "Pyramid"!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bachelorette\|bachelorette]] | /,bætʃәlә'ret/ | n. 未婚女子 | n a young unmarried woman who lives alone | 2 | 7 | 3 | *Oh, I can't. We're throwing Phoebe a bachelorette party.* |
| donny |  | n. 唐尼（男子名） |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college alumni thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooler\|cooler]] | /'ku:lә/ | n. 冷却器 | n. a refrigerator for cooling liquids | 2 | 12 | 9 | *You guys just keep getting cooler and cooler!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbody\|goodbody]] |  | [人名] [英格兰人姓氏] 古德博迪绰号，来源于中世纪英语，含义是“好+人”(good+person,creature) |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *That's right, it's officer Goodbody.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#phonebook\|phonebook]] |  | n. 电话簿 | n. a directory containing an alphabetical list of telephone subscribers and thei | 2 | 3 | 2 | *All right, look, we did not know that you wanted a stripper so we went to the phonebook and we got t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uptight\|uptight]] | /'ʌp'tait/ | a. 紧张的, 拮据的, 心情焦躁的 | s being in a tense state | 2 | 7 | 4 | *Well, look - it's not my fault if you're too uptight to appreciate the male form in all it's glory.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turner\|turner]] | /'tә:nә/ | n. 车工, 体育协会会员 | n. United States slave and insurrectionist who in 1831 led a rebellion of slaves | 2 | 2 | 1 | *ADRIENNE TURNER!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#torch\|torch]] | /tɒ:tʃ/ | n. 火把, 启发之物 | n. a light usually carried in the hand; consists of some flammable substance | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Or you could teach stripping. You know, share your gift, pass the torch.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#christie\|christie]] | /'kristi/ | n. 克里斯蒂（姓氏）；挪威首都奥斯陆的旧称 | n. prolific English writer of detective stories (1890-1976) | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Cindy Crawford, Christie Brinkley, Heidi Klum, Claudia Schiffer...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pile\|pile]] | /pail/ | n. 堆, 大堆, 大厦, 建筑群, 电池, 大量, 桥桩, 软毛, 痔疮 | n. a collection of objects laid on top of each other | 2 | 10 | 8 | *You were under the pile of coats?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrity]] | /si'lebrti/ | n. 名声, 名人 | n. a widely known person | 1 | 8 | 4 | *Joey is gonna be a celebrity guest on a game show!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seaweed\|seaweed]] | /'si:wi:d/ | n. 海草, 海藻 | n. plant growing in the sea, especially marine algae | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ohh! Fish, seaweed, a sunken ship.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#alumnus\|alumnus]] | /ә'lʌmnәs/ | n. 男毕业生, 男校友 | n. a person who has received a degree from a school (high school or college or u | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college alumni thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny * |
| osmond |  | 奥斯蒙德（男子名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college alumni thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny * |
| marie | /'mɑ:ri(:), mә'ri:/ | n. 玛丽（女子名） | interj. Marry. | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Ross and I always wanted to be Donny and Marie.* |
| geoffrey |  | n. 杰弗里（男子名） |  | 1 | 7 | 3 | *So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cleric\|cleric]] | /'klerik/ | a. 牧师的, 教士的 | n. a clergyman or other person in religious orders | 1 | 1 | 1 | *So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rosoff\|rosoff]] |  | [人名] 罗索夫 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *He was roommates with John Rosoff. He went out with Andrea Tamburino. She dumped him for Michael Skl* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#virtually\|virtually]] | /'vә:tʃuәli/ | adv. 事实上 | r. in essence or effect but not in fact | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You're right, by saying "nice" I'm virtually licking her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flyer\|flyer]] | /'flaiә/ | n. 飞鸟, 飞行物, 飞行员, 快车, 传单, 飞跳 | n an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Hey. Hey, check out the flyers for the band. I made 'em on a Macintosh in the computer room!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#macintosh\|macintosh]] |  | [计] Macintosh计算机 | n. a waterproof raincoat made of rubberized fabric | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hey. Hey, check out the flyers for the band. I made 'em on a Macintosh in the computer room!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#helvetica\|helvetica]] |  | n. （字体）海维提卡；赫维提卡体 | n a typeface in which characters have no serifs | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thanks to a little something called "Helvetica Bold 24 point"!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bold\|bold]] | /bәuld/ | a. 大胆的 | a. fearless and daring | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Thanks to a little something called "Helvetica Bold 24 point"!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mint\|mint]] | /mint/ | n. 薄荷, 造币厂, 巨额 | n. any north temperate plant of the genus Mentha with aromatic leaves and small  | 1 | 11 | 7 | *Mint!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#holmes\|holmes]] |  | n. 福尔摩斯（英国作家柯南道尔所著侦探小说中的神探） | n. United States jurist noted for his liberal opinions (1841-1935) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I thought it first, Holmes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#molly\|molly]] | /'mɔli/ | n. [俚]懦夫；娘娘腔的男人 | n popular aquarium fish | 1 | 16 | 6 | *All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out w* |
| ringwald |  | [网络] 林瓦尔德 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out w* |
| sheena | /'ʃi:nә/ | n. 希娜(f.) |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, and Sheena Easton. But we probably couldn't get her anyway.* |
| easton | /'i:stən/ | n. 伊斯顿（人名）；伊斯顿（美国地名） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, and Sheena Easton. But we probably couldn't get her anyway.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#applause\|applause]] | /ә'plɒ:z/ | n. 鼓掌, 喝彩, 赞许 | n. a demonstration of approval by clapping the hands together | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Five! Four! Three! Applause!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intimidate\|intimidate]] | /in'timideit/ | vt. 威胁, 恐吓 | v. make timid or fearful | 1 | 8 | 8 | *I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax, I'm just l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#richer\|richer]] |  | a. 更富有的 | a possessing material wealth | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax, I'm just l* |
| leslie | /'lezli, 'lisli/ | n. 莱斯利（男子名） |  | 1 | 18 | 8 | *...should be playing with the star of "General Hospital" Leslie Charleson.  Welcome everybody. Good * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charleson\|charleson]] |  | [人名] 查尔森 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *...should be playing with the star of "General Hospital" Leslie Charleson.  Welcome everybody. Good * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coin\|coin]] | /kɒin/ | n. 硬币, 金钱, 货币 | n. a flat metal piece (usually a disc) used as money | 1 | 9 | 8 | *...should be playing with the star of "General Hospital" Leslie Charleson.  Welcome everybody. Good * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#supermarket\|supermarket]] | /'sju:pәmɑ:kit/ | n. 超级市场 | n. a large self-service grocery store selling groceries and dairy products and h | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Uhm... ok. It's a store, like a supermarket.  Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah, ok, ok, uhm... I'm w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diary\|diary]] | /'daiәri/ | n. 日记 | n. a daily written record of (usually personal) experiences and observations | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Diary.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#notebook\|notebook]] | /'nәutbuk/ | n. 笔记本, 手册, 期票簿 | n. a book with blank pages for recording notes or memoranda | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Noo,  more like a notebook... Damn it!  Oh, if I'm building an house, the plan isn't called the 'shm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cafeteria\|cafeteria]] | /.kæfi'tiәriә/ | n. 自助餐厅 | n. a restaurant where you serve yourself and pay a cashier | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Cafeteria.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elegant\|elegant]] | /'eligәnt/ | a. 优雅的, 端庄的, 高雅的 | a. refined and tasteful in appearance or behavior or style | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh my God, it's all so elegant! When's the dirty stuff starting?* |
| hmmmm |  | [网络] 恩；醚化；孤独啊 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just tea, uh, ok.  Hmmmm... raun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raunchy\|raunchy]] | /'rɒ:ntʃi/ | a. 不整洁的, 不修边幅的, 肮脏的, 淫秽的 | s. earthy and sexually explicit | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just tea, uh, ok.  Hmmmm... raun* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wad\|wad]] | /wɒd/ | n. 小软团, 小软块, 一卷, 填料, 大量 | n. a small mass of soft material | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only bachelore* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eta\|eta]] | /'i:tә/ | 估计的到达时间 | n. the 7th letter of the Greek alphabet | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Nooo! Phoebe, of course there is more! I mean, I'll just go and talk to Monica and get an ETA on the* |
| ahaha |  | [网络] 呕侯侯；水流很快；陈哈哈 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ahaha, he might as well just give us the points.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#heavier\|heavier]] |  | a. 巨大的；沉重的 | a of comparatively great physical weight or density | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's heavier then milk!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#salami\|salami]] | /sә'lɑ:mi/ | n. 萨拉米腊肠(意大利产) | n. highly seasoned fatty sausage of pork and beef usually dried | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Salami, anchovies, jam!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anchovy\|anchovy]] | /'æntʃәvi/ | n. 凤尾鱼；鳀鱼 | n. tiny fishes usually canned or salted; used for hors d'oeuvres or as seasoning | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Salami, anchovies, jam!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jam\|jam]] | /dʒæm/ | n. 果酱, 拥塞之物, 堵塞, 困境 | n. preserve of crushed fruit | 1 | 23 | 9 | *Salami, anchovies, jam!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hamburger\|hamburger]] | /'hæmbә:gә/ | n. 汉堡(德国港口), 肉饼, 汉堡包, 纯精牛肉, 汉堡牛排 | n. a sandwich consisting of a fried cake of minced beef served on a bun, often w | 1 | 5 | 4 | *You put this on a hamburger!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ketchup\|ketchup]] | /'ketʃәp/ | n. 蕃茄酱 | n thick spicy sauce made from tomatoes | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ketchup!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relish\|relish]] | /'reliʃ/ | n. 滋味, 风味, 美味, 爱好, 食欲, 调味品 | n. spicy or savory condiment | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Relish!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixteen\|sixteen]] | /'siks'ti:n/ | num. 十六, 十六个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of fifteen and one | 1 | 10 | 7 | *It's been sixteen years but the air quotes still hurt.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jeopardize\|jeopardize]] | /'dʒepәdaiz/ | vt. 危害, 使受危困, 使陷危地 | v pose a threat to; present a danger to | 1 | 2 | 2 | *That's ok. Uh, anyway, well he and I both really liked you a lot, uhm, but we didn't want anything t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#turf\|turf]] | /tә:f/ | n. 草皮, 泥炭, 跑马场 | n. surface layer of ground containing a mat of grass and grass roots | 1 | 1 | 1 | *AND ON MY TURF?* |
| roy | /rɔi/ | n. 罗伊（男子名） | n. A king. | 1 | 6 | 4 | *What's the matter, officer? Has someone been bad?  Roy, the male stripper:  Whoo, that's a lot of st* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mexican\|mexican]] | /'meksikәn/ | n. 墨西哥人, 墨西哥语 | n. a native or inhabitant of Mexico | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Ooh, boy. You should warn people there's no elevator! I should not have had that Mexican food for lu* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#downtown\|downtown]] | /'daun'taun/ | n. 市中心区 | a. of or located in the lower part of a town, or in the business center | 1 | 3 | 3 | *So where's the young lady who I'm supposed to take  downtown!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plug\|plug]] | /plʌg/ | n. 塞子, 栓, 插头 | n. blockage consisting of an object designed to fill a hole tightly | 1 | 7 | 6 | *All right, somebody show me where to plug in my box, and we'll get this party started!  Whaaaa...  H* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#conceal\|conceal]] | /kәn'si:l/ | vt. 隐藏, 掩盖, 隐瞒 | v. hold back; keep from being perceived by others | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, ok, ladies! Can I have your attention, please?  Did someone call for the long arm of the law?  I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weapon\|weapon]] | /'wepәn/ | n. 武器, 兵器 | n. any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Ok, ok, ladies! Can I have your attention, please?  Did someone call for the long arm of the law?  I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#penal\|penal]] | /'pi:nl/ | a. 有关处罚的, 刑的, 刑罚的, 刑法上的, (课税)繁重的 | a. of or relating to punishment | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, ok, ladies! Can I have your attention, please?  Did someone call for the long arm of the law?  I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tease\|tease]] | /ti:z/ | n. 揶揄, 戏弄, 逗惹 | n. someone given to teasing (as by mocking or stirring curiosity) | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ok, ok, ladies! Can I have your attention, please?  Did someone call for the long arm of the law?  I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cringe\|cringe]] | /krindʒ/ | n. 畏缩, 奉承 | v draw back, as with fear or pain | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Whoa, whoa, whoa . She cringed!* |
| hoboken |  | n. 霍博肯（美国城市） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Didn't do anything? I took a bus all the way from Hoboken. I climbed ... I dunno... like a billion s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#billion\|billion]] | /'biljәn/ | num. 十亿, 十亿个 | n. the number that is represented as a one followed by 12 zeros; in the United K | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Didn't do anything? I took a bus all the way from Hoboken. I climbed ... I dunno... like a billion s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glory\|glory]] | /'glɒ:ri/ | n. 光荣, 荣耀, 荣誉, 壮丽, 繁荣 | n. a state of high honor | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, look - it's not my fault if you're too uptight to appreciate the male form in all it's glory.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nephew\|nephew]] | /'nefju:/ | n. 侄子, 外甥 | n. a son of your brother or sister | 1 | 6 | 5 | *I may have borrowed this from my nephew, but let me assure you, what's underneath ... is all man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#assure\|assure]] | /ә'ʃuә/ | vt. 保证, 使确信, 弄清楚, 担保 | v. inform positively and with certainty and confidence | 1 | 7 | 7 | *I may have borrowed this from my nephew, but let me assure you, what's underneath ... is all man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#underneath\|underneath]] | /.ʌndә'ni:θ/ | adv. 在下面 | r. on the lower or downward side; on the underside of | 1 | 10 | 9 | *I may have borrowed this from my nephew, but let me assure you, what's underneath ... is all man.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hunk\|hunk]] | /hʌŋk/ | n. 大块 | n. a well-built sexually attractive man | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Damnit. OH!  Big surprise! The hunk of beef has feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#beef\|beef]] | /bi:f/ | n. 牛肉, 肌肉 | n. cattle that are reared for their meat | 1 | 13 | 6 | *Damnit. OH!  Big surprise! The hunk of beef has feelings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nursery\|nursery]] | /'nә:sәri/ | n. 托儿所, 苗圃, 温床 | n. a child's room for a baby | 1 | 3 | 3 | *My friend Rachel has a kid. I totally know nursery rhymes!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uvula\|uvula]] | /'ju:vjulә/ | n. 悬雍垂, 小舌 | n. a small pendant fleshy lobe at the back of the soft palate | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uvula!* |
