---
season: 10
episode: "07"
title: "Friends - 10.07 The One With The Home Study"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S10E07 — Friends - 10.07 The One With The Home Study

Friends 1007 - The One With The Home Study

*Written by: Mark Kunerth Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller Final check by Kim*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

*(Joey and Ross enter. Phoebe and Mike are sitting on the couch, reading a magazine.)*

**Ross:** Hey you guys!

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Ross:** Hey, what are you doing?

**Mike:** Oh, figuring out our wedding plans.

**Chandler:** That's funny, we were doing the same thing!

**Ross:** Yeah!

**Phoebe:** It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] this stuff was!

**Chandler:** Yeah it is really [[Friends-词汇总表#pricey\|pricey]]. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the numbers.

**Phoebe:** So what did you two do about it?

**Chandler:** It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell.

**Ross:** There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact that this is gonna cost you a lot of money.

**Mike:** I heard that weddings are like a 40 [[Friends-词汇总表#billion\|billion]] dollar a year industry.

**Ross:** Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that.

**Phoebe:** But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use?

**Mike:** Are you serious?

**Phoebe:** Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] and we just got married at City Hall?

**Mike:** I think it would make me wanna marry you even more. *(he kisses her)*

**Ross:** I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]]!

**Chandler:** *(to Ross)* Maybe you do that next time you get married!

**Ross:** No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at [[Friends-词汇总表#sunset\|sunset]]. [[[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]]] But maybe the time after that!


---

**Opening Credits**


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment

*(Monica is cleaning the table, Chandler is sitting on the sofa. Joey enters.)*

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** What's going on?

**Chandler:** Our [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] social [[Friends-词汇总表#worker\|worker]] is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment.

**Monica:** *(sarcastically)* We?

**Chandler:** You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways!

**Joey:** Hey, is this person who [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decides]] whether or not you... get a baby?

**Chandler:** Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live.

**Monica:** And it has to go [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]], because if she doesn't like something about us she can keep us off every [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] list in the state.

**Joey:** Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] fan! It's very [[Friends-词汇总表#impressive\|impressive]] when the little people know a [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrity]].

**Chandler:** *(pointing at himself)* Little people?

**Joey:** *(pointing at himself)* Celebrity.

**Monica:** Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hidden]] [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]], like... porn or [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]]?

**Chandler:** What...? NO!

**Monica:** Chandler?

**Chandler:** *(he stands up and he feels very offended)* I don't, and I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#offend\|offended]] by the [[Friends-词汇总表#insinuation\|insinuation]]!

**Monica:** Ok, so there's not a magazine under the [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]], or a pack of [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|taped]] to the back of the [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]], or a [[Friends-词汇总表#filthy\|filthy]] video in the VCR?

**Chandler:** I'll [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] to the [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]] and the magazine, but that [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] is not mine.

**Monica:** It isn't mine!

**Joey:** *(going out with the VCR in his hand)* Well, I guess we'll never know whose it is!


> [!scene] Scene: The New York City Children's fund hallway.] Charity guy: May I help you?

**Phoebe:** Yes. We're here to make a rather [[Friends-词汇总表#sizeable\|sizeable]] [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]] to the children. Charity guy: Well, any [[Friends-词汇总表#contribution\|contribution]], large or small, is always [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciated]].

**Phoebe:** Well, I think you're gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it the [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] out of this one *(she gives him a check)* Charity guy: Well, this is very [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]]!

**Phoebe:** And we don't want any [[Friends-词汇总表#recognition\|recognition]]. This is completely anonymous.

**Mike:** Completely anonymous. From two kind [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|strangers]].

**Phoebe:** Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. Charity guy: Well if you like, we can include your names in our newsletter.

**Mike:** Not necessary.

**Phoebe:** Buffay is [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spelled]] B-U-F-F-A-Y.

**Mike:** And "X" is [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spelled]] uhm... "Mike Hannigan". Charity guy: Right. Well, on [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] of the children: thank you both very much.

**Phoebe:** Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good!

**Mike:** It does. It feels really good!

**Phoebe:** Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! *(she takes a t-shirt which was on the counter)* Charity guy: Oh, actually, that's the shirt I wore to the [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]].

**Phoebe:** Mhm... it's [[Friends-词汇总表#moist\|moist]].


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment.

**Ross:** *(he enters)* Hi!

**Rachel:** Hi! Emma will be up in a minute!

**Ross:** Oh, good!

**Rachel:** Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry.

**Ross:** Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|tons]] of other beautiful [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologists]] out there.

**Rachel:** Absolutely.

**Ross:** There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under a bridge!

**Rachel:** So, uhm... what are you gonna do today?

**Ross:** Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the [[Friends-词汇总表#playground\|playground]]!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, what!?

**Ross:** Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of [[Friends-词汇总表#knife\|knives]] and fire!

**Rachel:** Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the [[Friends-词汇总表#playground\|playground]].

**Ross:** Be-caaauuuse...

**Rachel:** *(upset)* All right, well, if you must know... I had a [[Friends-词汇总表#traumatic\|traumatic]]... [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]]... when I was little.

**Ross:** Seriously?

**Rachel:** Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] and then all of a [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] my hair got [[Friends-词汇总表#tangle\|tangled]] in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut a big [[Friends-词汇总表#chunk\|chunk]] of my hair! *(crying)* And it was [[Friends-词汇总表#uneven\|uneven]] for weeks!

**Ross:** *(sarcastic)* And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you in the movie!

**Rachel:** Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And I was thinking Claire Danes.

**Ross:** Look, I'm sorry to hear about your [[Friends-词汇总表#tragedy\|tragedy]], ok? But the [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swings]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] safe, and [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and you'll see!

**Rachel:** Ross, those things go like 40 [[Friends-词汇总表#mile\|miles]] an hour! Ok? When you're... and there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're gonna return back to earth!

**Ross:** Space is filled with [[Friends-词汇总表#orbit\|orbiting]] children. *(pause)* Look, please, just come on, you know, when you’ll see the look on Emma’s face, I [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] you won’t [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] it.

**Rachel:** All right!

**Ross:** Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their [[Friends-词汇总表#irrational\|irrational]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fears]] on their children, do you?

**Rachel:** Irrational, huh? All right, well, I’ll remember that the next time you freak out about a [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]] in your apartment!

**Ross:** Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] different species of [[Friends-词汇总表#poisonous\|poisonous]] [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swings]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door

**Monica:** Oh my God, the [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] lady is early!

**Chandler:** Ok, ok, here we go.

**Monica:** Ok.

**Chandler:** Here we go. Stand up straight. *(smiling)* Big [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]]. *(opens the door and both are smiling exaggeratedly)*

**Phoebe:** Hello, is this the [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#residence\|residence]]?

**Monica:** We’re waiting for the [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] lady, but, hey, I’m glad you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this *(she puts a box on the table and opens it)*. I don’t know if you wanna use it, but…

**Phoebe:** Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing a [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]], I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all!

**Monica:** I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!

**Phoebe:** No, no, no, we’re not having a big [[Friends-词汇总表#reception\|reception]], we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and we [[Friends-词汇总表#donate\|donate]] them to the children [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]].

**Monica:** That’s crazy! *(Phoebe looks bewildered)*. I am sorry. I just can’t [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] giving up my one wedding day like that!

**Phoebe:** We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having a huge party. *(She picks up the veil)* This is really nice for you, but, oh, please, I put this on? *(she puts it on)* And, ow, I look *(she looks her reflex image on a toaster)*, why, well, [[Friends-词汇总表#radiant\|radiant]]. *(pause)* All right, well, who cares, I don’t need a pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]] and a [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] dress.

**Monica:** That’s right. You’re making a [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] and that’s the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it?

**Phoebe:** City Hall.

**Monica:** Ow! *(Chandler slaps her on her back)* Oh, that sounds nice! I am just there for [[Friends-词汇总表#jury\|jury]] duty. They really [[Friends-词汇总表#spruce\|spruce]] that place up!

**Phoebe:** It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want is a great big wedding *(she covers her mouth)*

**Monica:** Yay!

**Chandler:** But you already gave all your money to [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]]!

**Phoebe:** Well, I’ll just ask for it back!

**Chandler:** I don’t think you can do that!

**Monica:** Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some stupid kids!

**Chandler:** That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] Lady.


> [!scene] Scene: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re ready to play

**Rachel:** Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]].

**Ross:** Ok.

**Rachel:** Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR!

**Ross:** Rach, she’s got like three hairs!

**Rachel:** I know *(she touches Emma’s head)* but they’re just so beautiful! Oh, my God, I just pulled one out.

**Ross:** I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.

**Rachel:** Ok. Ross *(to Emma)*: Ready [[Friends-词汇总表#sweety\|sweety]]?

**Rachel:** Ok.

**Ross:** Here we go! *(He starts pushing Emma)*

**Rachel:** Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]], ok. *(Emma giggles)* Oh, she’s [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smiling]]! Oh my God, she does like it!

**Ross:** See, I told you!

**Rachel:** Awe! *(Emma laughs)* Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little [[Friends-词汇总表#dare\|dare]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#devil\|devil]]! Oh, let me [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]], can I push?

**Ross:** Oh, absolutely!

**Rachel:** Ok. Oh God. *(To Ross)* Get the camera, it’s in the [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] bag.

**Ross:** Ok! *(he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot)* See? Scared of [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swings]], I bet you feel pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] *(a swinging boy knocks him down)* Ow!


> [!scene] Scene: The New York City Children's fund 

**Mike:** We’re seriously asking for our money back?

**Phoebe:** It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to start [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirting]]. Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]] the same day? I don’t think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe *(to Mike)*: Gay, go. Mike *(to the charity guy)*: Oh my God, I love your shirt!

**Phoebe:** The [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]] we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it back. Charity guy: Excuse me?

**Phoebe:** Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t want, but it turns out we do. Charity guy: So you’re asking us to [[Friends-词汇总表#refund\|refund]] your [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]] to the children?

**Mike:** Yeah! This feels really good.

**Phoebe:** I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, *(he takes their check from a drawer)* [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoiling]] the children, all those food, and [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] clothing…

**Phoebe:** Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a [[Friends-词汇总表#graduation\|graduation]] party! And I didn’t go to Prom. And I spent my sweet [[Friends-词汇总表#sixteen\|sixteen]] being [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chased]] round a [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yard]] by an [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escaped]] mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me” or whatever. So I [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] a real [[Friends-词汇总表#celebration\|celebration]] and I am not gonna let some [[Friends-词汇总表#sweaty\|sweaty]] little man make me feel [[Friends-词汇总表#badly\|badly]] about it.*( She storms out)*

**Mike:** She could have been talking about either one of us.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door

**Laura:** Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] interview.

**Monica:** Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in.

**Laura:** Thank you!

**Monica:** Would you like something to drink?

**Laura:** Oh, water would be fine.

**Monica:** Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited about getting this process started.

**Chandler:** Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] - we love kids the appropriate amount... as allowed by law.

**Laura:** Your place is just [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]].

**Monica:** Ah, thank you. This building does have a [[Friends-词汇总表#wholesome\|wholesome]] family feel to it.

**Laura:** You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples in the building [[Friends-词汇总表#adopt\|adopting]]?

**Monica:** Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby before them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. *(Laura looks shocked)*

**Chandler:** But other than that... [[Friends-词汇总表#wholesome\|wholesome]], wholesome building.

**Laura:** Oh...

**Chandler:** What?

**Laura:** I just realized why I remember this place.

**Monica:** Really? What is it?

**Laura:** Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building and it didn't end very well.

**Monica:** Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani?

**Laura:** Yes!

**Chandler:** Of course it was!

**Laura:** Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he would call me and he didn't.

**Chandler:** RAT BASTARD!

**Laura:** So you're not friends with him? Monica and Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! *(finally Monica concludes)* No!

**Laura:** Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning on staying at home with your child... *(someone knocks on the door)*

**Joey:** *(form the other side of the door)* Hellooo? Anybody in there order a [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrity]]?

*(He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it back in his face) OW!*

**Laura:** What was that?

**Chandler:** Oh, it's just some crazy guy who [[Friends-词汇总表#roam\|roams]] the halls here. He's great with kids though.


> [!scene] Scene: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound

**Rachel:** Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay?

**Ross:** SON OF A BITCH! *(turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)*

*(To the kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away)*

**Rachel:** Ross, see! I told you, those [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swings]] are [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]]! Alright, that is it. That is the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life.

**Ross:** No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. It was my fault and kind of that *(point to the kid that kicked him)* kids [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. Who is still laughing. Nice.

**Rachel:** Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else gets hurt?

**Ross:** No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]], okay? And you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.

**Rachel:** *(looks at him suspiciously)* I know what this is all about... You've always been [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] of my hair.

**Ross:** Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fears]].

**Rachel:** Alright fine. I'll do it.

**Ross:** Good.

**Rachel:** If you hold a [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]].

**Ross:** *(He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater)* WHAT? WHERE? WHERE?

**Rachel:** IF you hold a [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]].

**Ross:** I know. *(Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again, afraid)*


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the other side.

**Joey:** Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe...

**Chandler:** *(Screams to interrupt Joey)* AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!!

**Laura:** What's going on?

**Chandler:** Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... [[Friends-词汇总表#roam\|roaming]] the halls. *(Joey bangs on the door again)*

**Joey:** Guys!?

**Monica:** Keep on [[Friends-词汇总表#roam\|roaming]] Bert! We don't want any crazy today!

**Joey:** What's going on?

**Chandler:** WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!

*(cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his apartment)*

**Joey:** Everything doesn't sound fine!

**Laura:** Is he alright out there by himself?

**Chandler:** Oh yeah! He has a [[Friends-词汇总表#caretaker\|caretaker]]. His older brother... Ernie.

**Laura:** Bert and Ernie!

**Chandler:** *(nervous smile)* You can't make this stuff up!


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter

**Mike:** You never told me about that guy on your sweet [[Friends-词汇总表#sixteen\|sixteen]]. Oh, ugh. I'm sorry about that.

**Phoebe:** *(Lightly)* Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] him.

**Mike:** Well, hey, at least you're getting a [[Friends-词汇总表#proper\|proper]] wedding. I mean, you really [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] that.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. *(thinks for a few seconds)* Just like the kids I took the money from.

**Mike:** No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there.

**Phoebe:** Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's [[Friends-词汇总表#taint\|tainted]].

**Mike:** Alright, fine. We'll give the money back.

**Phoebe:** And if that guy at the [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]] anyone in a really long time.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other.

**Laura:** Well, I must say, this seems like a [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] environment to [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] a child in.

**Monica:** Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the furniture, because, believe me, you won't find any porn or [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarettes]] under there!

**Laura:** Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything I need up to here...

*(She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape and onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.)*

**Monica:** *(Pulls Laura into the spare room)* Why don't I show you the baby's room?

*(Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a baseball bat)*

**Chandler:** What the hell are you doing?

**Joey:** Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]].

**Chandler:** Well, we're not.

**Joey:** But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for [[Friends-词汇总表#danger\|danger]]!

**Chandler:** We don't have a code word.

**Joey:** We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word for [[Friends-词汇总表#danger\|danger]].

*(Monica talks loudly in the baby's room)*

**Monica:** So that was the baby's room. *(They come out and Chandler throws Joey behind the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler)*

**Monica:** *(To Chandler)* What room should we see next?

**Chandler:** Any room that isn't behind this [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]]! *(laughs nervously)*

**Monica:** *(laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused)* *(To Laura)* Some people don't get him, but I think he's really funny! *(She takes Laura to their own bedroom)*.

*(Joey gets up and look annoyed)*

**Joey:** *(quivering with anger)* I did not care for that!

**Chandler:** *(escorting Joey to the door)* You have to get out of here. You slept with our social [[Friends-词汇总表#worker\|worker]] and you never called her back and she is still [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|pissed]], so she can't see you.

**Joey:** Ok, ok! *(He leaves)*

**Chandler:** Ok!

*(Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living room, but then Joey enters again.)*

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** I forgot my [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]].

*(He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...)*

**Laura:** Oh my God!

**Chandler:** And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And we don't want to buy your [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]]! *(Joey lowers his bat)*

**Laura:** What are you doing here?

**Joey:** *(to Chandler)* Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert!

**Laura:** Are you friends with him?

**Chandler:** I can [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]]... Joey...

**Joey:** Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]], coming back here. I can't believe you never called me.

**Laura:** Excuse me?

**Joey:** Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by the way. And don't [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] telling me yours, because I totally remember it... lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me.

**Laura:** I gave you my number, you never called me.

**Joey:** No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of... social work, ok, that you can just... do.

**Laura:** *(embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica)* Well, I'm pretty sure I gave you my number.

**Joey:** Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny, we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you?

**Laura:** I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry...

**Joey:** No, no, hey, no! Too late for [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apologies]]... ok? You broke my heart. You know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? *(and he leaves the apartment, leaving her shocked)*

**Laura:** Joey, wait!

**Joey:** *(acting sad)* NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... *(and closes the door behind him)*

**Laura:** *(laughing nervously)* I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrassed]]...

**Chandler:** Oh, that's really ok.

**Monica:** Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard.

**Laura:** Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going to make excellent parents.

*(Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.)*

**Joey:** LAURA! *(and points to her, very confident)*


> [!scene] Scene: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and Mike are entering.

**Phoebe:** *(to the Charity guy)* We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're looking for is an ATM.

**Mike:** No, no, we're here to give the money back.

**Phoebe:** Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.

*(the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back again. His smile fades.)*

**Phoebe:** Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. *(she gives the check and pulls it back again)* No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: If I haven't said so already [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]], *(sarcastically pointing to Phoebe)* [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulations]]!

**Mike:** *(takes the check from Phoebe)* Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] I'm going to make this decision for us. *(thinking)* Now... what do you think we should do? Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore.

**Mike:** What? Charity guy: On [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] of the Children of New York, I [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|reject]] your money.

**Phoebe:** But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it a [[Friends-词汇总表#contribution\|contribution]]. *(gives the check to Phoebe)*

**Phoebe:** *(looks at the amount on the check, and gasps)* Well, this is very [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]]! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful life together.

**Mike:** Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come back in a few years and make an even [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]]. Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian.

**Phoebe:** Oh, is that you? Charity guy: No!


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in their living room when the phone rings.

**Monica:** Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler... Ok, [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]]. *(hangs up)*

**Chandler:** Wrong number?

**Monica:** It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] on the waiting list.

**Chandler:** That's great!

**Monica:** Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's a baby waiting for us. Oh...

*(Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.)*

**Chandler:** Hello...? Have you seen Joey's [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]]?


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**


> [!scene] Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there. Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.

**Rachel:** Ok... I got a [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]]. There were two, I picked the [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] one.

**Ross:** *(nervously)* Ok...

**Rachel:** Ok... *(and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands)*

**Ross:** *(Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch)* This feels [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] normal. Ok, get on the [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]]!

**Rachel:** *(reluctantly)* Ok... O-k...

*(She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.)*

**Rachel:** *(more confident)* Ok...

*(She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...)*

**Rachel:** whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH!

**Ross:** See?

**Rachel:** A-alright! I can do this.

**Ross:** There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore.

**Rachel:** That's because he's on your [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]].

**Ross:** Well... *(realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of the spider)* Whaa... aaah... aaahhh...

*(Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.)*

**Rachel:** ROSS!

*(Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to side)*


---

**end**





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（40）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crazy\|crazy]] | /'kreizi/ | a. 发狂的, 狂热的 | n. someone deranged and possibly dangerous | 5 | 253 | 119 | *It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how expensive this stuff was!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 4 | 136 | 99 | *Oh my God, the adoption lady is early!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dress\|dress]] | /dres/ | n. 服装, 覆盖物 | n. a one-piece garment for a woman; has skirt and bodice | 3 | 135 | 75 | *It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how expensive this stuff was!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#glad\|glad]] | /glæd/ | a. 高兴的, 喜欢的, 情愿的 | a. showing or causing joy and pleasure; especially made happy | 3 | 121 | 86 | *Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 3 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anymore\|anymore]] | /'eni'mɔ:/ | adv. 再也不, 不再 | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | 3 | 197 | 118 | *NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting solutions, wrote out a list a* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 2 | 422 | 131 | *Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity and we just got married at* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 2 | 254 | 104 | *Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 2 | 180 | 101 | *I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 2 | 224 | 126 | *The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it back. Charity guy: Excuse me?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#totally\|totally]] | /'tәutli/ | adv. 完全地 | r to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used in | 2 | 279 | 145 | *Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by the way. And don't bother tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#freak\|freak]] | /fri:k/ | n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常 | n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed | 1 | 99 | 81 | *Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the numbers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incredible\|incredible]] | /in'kredәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a. beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 60 | 51 | *I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *Well, I guess we'll never know whose it is!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts!  Charity guy: Oh, actually, that's the shirt I wore to the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mom\|mom]] | /mʌm/ | n. 妈妈 | n informal terms for a mother | 1 | 308 | 105 | *Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the ch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you in the movie!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some stupid kids!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *I know  but they’re just so beautiful! Oh, my God, I just pulled one out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#promise\|promise]] | /'prɒmis/ | n. 诺言, 约定的事情, 有指望 | n. a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) so | 1 | 115 | 81 | *I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scar\|scar]] | /skɑ:/ | n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖 | n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue | 1 | 73 | 55 | *Ok!  See? Scared of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly  Ow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bet\|bet]] | /bet/ | n. 打赌, 赌注 | n. the act of gambling | 1 | 115 | 71 | *Ok!  See? Scared of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly  Ow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kill\|kill]] | /kil/ | n. 杀, 杀戮, 小河 | n. the destruction of an enemy plane or ship or tank or missile | 1 | 142 | 105 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Would you like something to drink?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited about getting this process started.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *I just realized why I remember this place.* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 1 | 110 | 60 | *Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *SON OF A BITCH!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault and kind of that  kids fault.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else gets hurt?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing, okay? And you'll see that there* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 1 | 217 | 129 | *You have to get out of here. You slept with our social worker and you never called her back and she * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *I forgot my bat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by the way. And don't bother tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *Well, this is very generous! Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wond* |

### 常用词（75）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 8 | 204 | 33 | *Hi! Emma will be up in a minute!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swing\|swing]] | /swiŋ/ | n. 摇摆, 振幅, 音律, 节奏, 涨落, 秋千, 旋转, 行动自由 | n. a state of steady vigorous action that is characteristic of an activity | 5 | 35 | 17 | *All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing incident... when I was little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cigarette\|cigarette]] | /.sigә'ret/ | n. 香烟, 纸烟 | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | 4 | 27 | 16 | *Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff hidden somewhere, like... por* |
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 4 | 165 | 26 | *And "X" is spelled uhm... "Mike Hannigan". Charity guy: Right. Well, on behalf of the children: than* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#perfectly\|perfectly]] | /'pә:fiktli/ | adv. 完全地, 无瑕疵地, 完整地 | r. in a perfect or faultless way | 3 | 20 | 16 | *And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about us she can keep us off every* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 3 | 41 | 29 | *Ok, careful.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]] | /fɒ:lt/ | n. 过错, 故障, 毛病 | n. (geology) a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the displacement of one | 3 | 81 | 49 | *No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault and kind of that  kids fault.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bat\|bat]] | /bæt/ | n. 蝙蝠, 球棒 | n. nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings a | 3 | 15 | 13 | *I forgot my bat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#couch\|couch]] | /kautʃ/ | n. 长沙发, 睡椅, 卧榻 | n. a flat coat of paint or varnish used by artists as a primer | 2 | 75 | 47 | *Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] | /'dʒenәrәs/ | a. 慷慨的, 有雅量的, 大量的, 丰富的 | a. willing to give and share unstintingly | 2 | 18 | 13 | *Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one  Charity guy: Well, this is very g* |
| buffay |  | [网络] 巴太太；傅里叶变换的性质；地震动的挑选 |  | 2 | 49 | 29 | *Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. Charity guy: Well if you like, we can include your names in our newsletter.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spell\|spell]] | /spel/ | n. 符咒, 魅力, 轮值, 轮班, 工作时间, 一次发作 | n. a verbal formula believed to have magical force | 2 | 26 | 20 | *Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#besides\|besides]] | /bi'saidz/ | prep. 除...之外 | r. making an additional point; anyway; besides, we can't afford it" | 2 | 47 | 38 | *Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly safe, and besides Emma * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fear\|fear]] | /fiә/ | n. 恐怖, 害怕, 担心 | n. an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usual | 2 | 29 | 14 | *Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their irrational fears on their children* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#push\|push]] | /puʃ/ | n. 推, 推动, 奋斗, 攻击, 进取心 | n. the act of applying force in order to move something away | 2 | 68 | 35 | *Awe!  Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil! Oh, let me push, can I push?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silly\|silly]] | /'sili/ | a. 愚蠢的, 糊涂的 | n. a word used for misbehaving children | 2 | 27 | 21 | *Ok!  See? Scared of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly  Ow!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 2 | 35 | 31 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lovely\|lovely]] | /'lʌvli/ | a. 可爱的, 有趣的 | s. appealing to the emotions as well as the eye | 2 | 45 | 37 | *Your place is just lovely.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bigger\|bigger]] |  | a. 更大的（big的比较级） | s. large or big relative to something else | 2 | 49 | 32 | *Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come back in a few years and make* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#expensive\|expensive]] | /ik'spensiv/ | a. 贵的, 奢华的, 费用浩大的, 乱化钱的 | a. high in price or charging high prices | 1 | 23 | 20 | *It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how expensive this stuff was!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] | /'dʒestʃә/ | n. 手势, 姿态 | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pause\|pause]] | /pɒ:z/ | n. 暂停, 中止, 停顿, 间歇, 踌躇, 休止符 | n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something | 1 | 14 | 10 | *No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But maybe the time after that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] | /di'said/ | v. 决定, 判决 | v. reach, make, or come to a decision about something | 1 | 64 | 44 | *Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soap\|soap]] | /sәup/ | n. 肥皂, 阿谀 | n. a cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats | 1 | 46 | 26 | *Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little peo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#opera\|opera]] | /'ɒpәrә/ | n. 歌剧 | n. a drama set to music; consists of singing with orchestral accompaniment and a | 1 | 24 | 14 | *Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little peo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] | /haid/ | n. 兽皮, 迹象, 躲藏处 | n. the dressed skin of an animal (especially a large animal) | 1 | 47 | 42 | *Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff hidden somewhere, like... por* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 1 | 37 | 33 | *Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff hidden somewhere, like... por* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tap\|tap]] | /'tæp/ | n. 轻打, 水龙头 | n. a small metal plate that attaches to the toe or heel of a shoe (as in tap dan | 1 | 20 | 16 | *Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toilet\|toilet]] | /'tɒilit/ | n. 厕所, 梳妆 | n. a room or building equipped with one or more toilets | 1 | 29 | 21 | *Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tank\|tank]] | /tæŋk/ | n. 槽, 箱, 柜, 罐, 池塘, 储水池, 坦克 | n. an enclosed armored military vehicle; has a cannon and moves on caterpillar t | 1 | 14 | 10 | *Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]] | /әd'mit/ | vt. 承认, 接受, 允许进入, 容许 | v. declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of | 1 | 27 | 26 | *I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tape\|tape]] | /teip/ | n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺 | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening | 1 | 79 | 28 | *I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity guy: Well, any contribut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]] | /kræp/ | n. 废物, 废话 | n. obscene terms for feces | 1 | 61 | 48 | *Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one  Charity guy: Well, this is very g* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stranger\|stranger]] | /'streindʒә/ | n. 陌生人, 门外汉 | n. anyone who does not belong in the environment in which they are found | 1 | 17 | 16 | *Completely anonymous. From two kind strangers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gym\|gym]] | /dʒim/ | n. +体育馆, 体育训练, 体育课, 体操 | n athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training | 1 | 33 | 23 | *Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts!  Charity guy: Oh, actually, that's the shirt I wore to the* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ton\|ton]] | /tʌn/ | n. 吨 | n a United States unit of weight equivalent to 2000 pounds | 1 | 18 | 17 | *Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists out there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#paleontologist\|paleontologist]] | /.pæliɒn'tɒlәdʒist/ | n. 古生物学者 | n. a specialist in paleontology | 1 | 18 | 14 | *Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists out there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#incident\|incident]] | /'insidәnt/ | n. 事件, 事变, 小事 | n. a single distinct event | 1 | 11 | 10 | *All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing incident... when I was little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sudden\|sudden]] | /'sʌdn/ | n. 突然, 忽然 | a. happening without warning or in a short space of time | 1 | 29 | 27 | *Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the ch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swear\|swear]] | /swєә/ | vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓 | v. promise solemnly; take an oath | 1 | 62 | 47 | *Space is filled with orbiting children.  Look, please, just come on, you know, when you’ll see the l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#regret\|regret]] | /ri'gret/ | n. 遗憾, 后悔, 悔恨, 抱歉, 歉意 | v. feel sad about the loss or absence of | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Space is filled with orbiting children.  Look, please, just come on, you know, when you’ll see the l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thirty\|thirty]] | /'θә:ti/ | num. 三十, 三十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and three | 1 | 34 | 18 | *Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are thirty different species of poisonous swings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smile\|smile]] | /smail/ | n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容 | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usu | 1 | 42 | 36 | *Here we go. Stand up straight.  Big smile.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] | /'kri:pi/ | a. 爬行的, 令人毛骨悚然的 | s. annoying and unpleasant | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Hello, is this the creepy residence?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#imagine\|imagine]] | /i'mædʒin/ | vt. 想像, 设想, 猜测 | v. form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case | 1 | 58 | 40 | *That’s crazy! . I am sorry. I just can’t imagine giving up my one wedding day like that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 1 | 37 | 27 | *We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having a huge party.  This is really nice for you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#commitment\|commitment]] | /kә'mitmәnt/ | n. 委托, 交押, 承担义务, 赞助 | n. the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of ac | 1 | 18 | 14 | *That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, w* |
| yay |  | int. 哇（因高兴而欢呼） | n. a branch of the Tai languages | 1 | 71 | 46 | *Yay!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#diaper\|diaper]] | /'daiәpә/ | n. 尿布 | n. garment consisting of a folded cloth drawn up between the legs and fastened a | 1 | 21 | 14 | *Ok. Oh God.  Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flirt\|flirt]] | /flә:t/ | n. 卖弄风骚的人, 急动, 急扔 | n. playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest | 1 | 32 | 13 | *It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]] | /spɒil/ | n. 战利品, 赃物, 奖品, 变质, 次品 | n. (usually plural) valuables taken by violence (especially in war) | 1 | 18 | 15 | *I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my bus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my bus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chase\|chase]] | /tʃeis/ | n. 追求, 狩猎, 追逐 | n. United States politician and jurist who served as chief justice of the United | 1 | 21 | 20 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tire\|tire]] | /taiә/ | n. 轮胎, 头饰 | n. hoop that covers a wheel | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#escape\|escape]] | /i'skeip/ | n. 逃亡, 避难设备, 逃跑 | n. the act of escaping physically | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#speech\|speech]] | /spi:tʃ/ | n. 演讲, 说话, 谈话, 言语, 引语, 民族语言 | n. (language) communication by word of mouth | 1 | 45 | 22 | *Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of spe* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *RAT BASTARD!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#evil\|evil]] | /'i:vl/ | n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶 | n. morally objectionable behavior | 1 | 21 | 18 | *Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it. That is the last time Emma is get* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jealous\|jealous]] | /'dʒelәs/ | a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的 | s. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival | 1 | 48 | 31 | *I know what this is all about... You've always been jealous of my hair.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#raise\|raise]] | /reiz/ | n. 上升, 高地, 增高 | n. the amount a salary is increased | 1 | 52 | 39 | *Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child in.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#trouble\|trouble]] | /'trʌbl/ | n. 烦恼, 麻烦, 困难, 动乱, 故障 | n. a source of difficulty | 1 | 50 | 46 | *Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#piss\|piss]] | /pis/ | vi. 小便, 下大雨, 抱怨 | n liquid excretory product | 1 | 14 | 13 | *You have to get out of here. You slept with our social worker and you never called her back and she * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] | /ik'splein/ | v. 解释, 说明 | v. make plain and comprehensible | 1 | 48 | 38 | *I can explain... Joey...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bother\|bother]] | /'bɒðә/ | vt. 烦扰, 迷惑 | v. intrude or enter uninvited | 1 | 44 | 41 | *Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by the way. And don't bother tell* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apology\|apology]] | /ә'pɒlәdʒi/ | n. 道歉, 辩护 | n. an expression of regret at having caused trouble for someone | 1 | 10 | 10 | *No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You know how many women I had to * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#embarrass\|embarrass]] | /im'bærәs/ | vt. 使困窘, 使局促不安, 阻碍 | v. cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious | 1 | 46 | 35 | *I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here.  No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#congratulation\|congratulation]] | /kәn.grætʃә'leiʃәn/ | n. 祝贺, 恭喜 | n. the act of acknowledging that someone has an occasion for celebration | 1 | 60 | 48 | *Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here.  No... Oh God... Oh! Charity guy: I* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm goi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reject\|reject]] | /ri'dʒekt/ | n. 被拒之人, 被弃之物, 不合格品, 次品 | v. refuse to accept or acknowledge | 1 | 13 | 12 | *What? Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 1 | 62 | 30 | *Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler... Ok, goodbye.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#officially\|officially]] | /ә'fiʃәli/ | adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地 | r. in an official role | 1 | 11 | 11 | *It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on the waiting list.* |
| whoo |  | [网络] 后；拱辰享；喔 |  | 1 | 13 | 10 | *whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#neck\|neck]] | /nek/ | n. 脖子, 衣领, 颈 | n. the part of an organism (human or animal) that connects the head to the rest  | 1 | 21 | 17 | *That's because he's on your neck.* |

### 低频词（66）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#charity\|charity]] | /'tʃæriti/ | n. 慈悲, 博爱, 慈善团体, 施舍 | n. a foundation created to promote the public good (not for assistance to any pa | 21 | 42 | 9 | *Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity and we just got married at* |
| bert | /b\\:t/ | n. 伯特（男子名, 等于Burt） |  | 8 | 16 | 3 | *Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] | /ә'dɒpʃәn/ | n. 采用, 采纳, 收养 | n. the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception | 6 | 22 | 6 | *Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donation\|donation]] | /dәu'neiʃәn/ | n. 捐赠物, 捐款, 捐赠 | n a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cau | 5 | 8 | 3 | *Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity guy: Well, any contribut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spider\|spider]] | /'spaidә/ | n. 蜘蛛, 设圈套者 | n. predatory arachnid with eight legs, two poison fangs, two feelers, and usuall | 4 | 12 | 8 | *Irrational, huh? All right, well, I’ll remember that the next time you freak out about a spider in y* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrity\|celebrity]] | /si'lebrti/ | n. 名声, 名人 | n. a widely known person | 3 | 8 | 4 | *Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little peo* |
| laura | /'lɔ:rә/ | n. 劳拉（女子名） | n. A number of hermitages or cells in the same neighborhood | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wholesome\|wholesome]] | /'hәulsәm/ | a. 有益健康的, 合乎卫生的, 健全的, 有益的, 有生气的, 审慎的 | a. conducive to or characteristic of physical or moral well-being | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worker\|worker]] | /'wә:kә/ | n. 工人, 劳动者 | n. a person who works at a specific occupation | 2 | 5 | 3 | *Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#contribution\|contribution]] | /.kɒntri'bju:ʃәn/ | n. 捐助, 捐助之物, 贡献 | n. the part played by a person in bringing about a result | 2 | 5 | 4 | *Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity guy: Well, any contribut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#behalf\|behalf]] | /bi'hɑ:f/ | n. 利益, 方面 | n. as the agent of or on someone's part (usually expressed as "on behalf of" rat | 2 | 10 | 8 | *And "X" is spelled uhm... "Mike Hannigan". Charity guy: Right. Well, on behalf of the children: than* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#playground\|playground]] | /'pleigraund/ | n. 运动场, 操场, 度假胜地, 活动场所 | n. yard consisting of an outdoor area for children's play | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irrational\|irrational]] | /i'ræʃәnәl/ | n. 无理数 | a. not consistent with or using reason | 2 | 3 | 2 | *Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their irrational fears on their children* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#awe\|awe]] | /ɒ:/ | n. 敬畏 | n. an overwhelming feeling of wonder or admiration | 2 | 2 | 1 | *Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing a veil, I actually won’t be wear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#veil\|veil]] | /veil/ | n. 面纱, 面罩, 借口, 幕, 帐, 遮蔽物 | n. a membranous covering attached to the immature fruiting body of certain mushr | 2 | 8 | 7 | *Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing a veil, I actually won’t be wear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sixteen\|sixteen]] | /'siks'ti:n/ | num. 十六, 十六个 | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of fifteen and one | 2 | 10 | 7 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roam\|roam]] | /rәum/ | v. 漫游, 闲逛, 徜徉 | v move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or em | 2 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls.* |
| ernie | /'ә:ni:/ | n. 摇奖机 |  | 2 | 7 | 6 | *Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#danger\|danger]] | /'deindʒә/ | n. 危险, 威胁 | n. the condition of being susceptible to harm or injury | 2 | 10 | 5 | *But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pricey\|pricey]] | /'praisi/ | a. 昂贵的, 价格高的 | s having a high price | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the numbers.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#billion\|billion]] | /'biljәn/ | num. 十亿, 十亿个 | n. the number that is represented as a one followed by 12 zeros; in the United K | 1 | 5 | 5 | *I heard that weddings are like a 40 billion dollar a year industry.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sunset\|sunset]] | /'sʌnset/ | n. 日落, 晚年 | n. the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But maybe the time after that!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impressive\|impressive]] | /im'presiv/ | a. 给人深刻印象的, 威严的 | a. making a strong or vivid impression | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little peo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#offend\|offend]] | /ә'fend/ | v. 犯罪, 冒犯, 违反, 进攻 | v cause to feel resentment or indignation | 1 | 3 | 3 | *I don't, and I'm offended by the insinuation!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#insinuation\|insinuation]] | /in.sinju'eiʃәn/ | n. 暗示, 暗讽 | n. an indirect (and usually malicious) implication | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I don't, and I'm offended by the insinuation!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#filthy\|filthy]] | /'filθi/ | a. 污秽的, 丑恶的 | s. disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#vcr\|vcr]] |  | [化] 长春新碱 | n a magnetic tape recorder for recording (and playing back) TV programs | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toil* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sizeable\|sizeable]] | /'saizәbl/ | a. 相当大的, 可观的 | s fairly large | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity guy: Well, any contribut* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recognition\|recognition]] | /.rekәg'niʃәn/ | n. 赞誉, 认得, 识别, 承认, 认可, 认识 | n. the state or quality of being recognized or acknowledged | 1 | 2 | 2 | *And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous.* |
| hannigan |  | n. (Hannigan)人名；(英)汉尼根 |  | 1 | 8 | 4 | *And "X" is spelled uhm... "Mike Hannigan". Charity guy: Right. Well, on behalf of the children: than* |
| mhm |  | （表示同意或在听对方说话）哦, 嗯 |  | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Mhm... it's moist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moist\|moist]] | /mɒist/ | a. 潮湿的, 多雨的, 感伤的, 含泪的 | s slightly wet | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Mhm... it's moist.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knife\|knife]] | /naif/ | n. 小刀, 匕首 | n. edge tool used as a cutting instrument; has a pointed blade with a sharp edge | 1 | 8 | 8 | *Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and fire!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#traumatic\|traumatic]] | /trɒ:'mætik/ | a. 外伤的, 创伤的 | a. of or relating to a physical injury or wound to the body | 1 | 2 | 2 | *All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing incident... when I was little.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tangle\|tangle]] | /'tæŋgl/ | n. 缠结, 纠结的一团, 困惑, 纠纷, 混乱 | n. a twisted and tangled mass that is highly interwoven | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the ch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#chunk\|chunk]] | /tʃʌŋk/ | n. 大块, 矮胖的人(或物) | n. a substantial amount | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the ch* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uneven\|uneven]] | /.ʌn'i:vәn/ | a. 不平坦的, 不均等的, 奇数的 | a. not even or uniform as e.g. in shape or texture | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the ch* |
| claire | /kleә/ | n. 克莱儿（女子名） |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And I was thinking Claire Danes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dane\|dane]] | /dein/ | n. 丹麦人 | n. a native or inhabitant of Denmark | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And I was thinking Claire Danes.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tragedy\|tragedy]] | /'trædʒidi/ | n. 悲剧, 惨案, 悲剧作品 | n. drama in which the protagonist is overcome by some superior force or circumst | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly safe, and besides Emma * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#orbit\|orbit]] | /'ɒ:bit/ | n. 轨道, 常轨, 眼眶 | n. the (usually elliptical) path described by one celestial body in its revoluti | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Space is filled with orbiting children.  Look, please, just come on, you know, when you’ll see the l* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#poisonous\|poisonous]] | /'pɒizәnәs/ | a. 有毒的, 恶毒的, 讨厌的 | s. having the qualities or effects of a poison | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are thirty different species of poisonous swings!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#residence\|residence]] | /'rezidәns/ | n. 住宅, 居留, 驻扎, 居住期间 | n. any address at which you dwell more than temporarily | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Hello, is this the creepy residence?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#reception\|reception]] | /ri'sepʃәn/ | n. 接待, 接受, 招待会 | n. the manner in which something is greeted | 1 | 9 | 8 | *No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#donate\|donate]] | /'dәuneit/ | v. 捐赠 | v. give to a charity or good cause | 1 | 9 | 8 | *No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#radiant\|radiant]] | /'reidiәnt/ | a. 发光的, 明亮的, 辐射的, 容光焕发的 | s radiating or as if radiating light | 1 | 1 | 1 | *We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having a huge party.  This is really nice for you* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plaza\|plaza]] | /'plɑ:zә/ | n. 广场, 市场, 购物区 | n. a public square with room for pedestrians | 1 | 7 | 4 | *That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#jury\|jury]] | /'dʒuәri/ | n. 陪审团, 评判委员会 | n. a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence pre | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ow!  Oh, that sounds nice! I am just there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spruce\|spruce]] | /spru:s/ | n. 云杉 | n. light soft moderately strong wood of spruce trees; used especially for timber | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Ow!  Oh, that sounds nice! I am just there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweety\|sweety]] | /'swi:ti/ | n. 糖果, 蜜饯 |  | 1 | 7 | 5 | *Ok. Ross : Ready sweety?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refund\|refund]] | /'ri:fʌnd/ | n. 偿还 | n. money returned to a payer | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t want, but it turns out we do.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#graduation\|graduation]] | /.grædʒu'eiʃәn/ | n. 毕业, 得学位, 分划, 刻度, 分等级 | n. the successful completion of a program of study | 1 | 11 | 8 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prom\|prom]] | /prɔm/ | n. (英)音乐会, (美)舞会, 散步道 | n a formal ball held for a school class toward the end of the academic year | 1 | 16 | 8 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yard\|yard]] | /jɑ:d/ | n. 码, 庭院, 工场 | n. a unit of length equal to 3 feet; defined as 91.44 centimeters; originally ta | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebration\|celebration]] | /.seli'breiʃәn/ | n. 庆祝, 庆典 | n. a joyful occasion for special festivities to mark some happy event | 1 | 10 | 7 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweaty\|sweaty]] | /'sweti/ | a. 出汗的, 吃力的 | superl. Moist with sweat; as, a sweaty skin; a sweaty garment. | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#badly\|badly]] | /'bædli/ | adv. 严重地, 恶劣地, 极度地 | r. to a severe or serious degree | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a gra* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adopt\|adopt]] | /ә'dɒpt/ | vt. 采用, 正式通过, 收养, 接受 | v. choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans | 1 | 15 | 7 | *You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples in the building adopting?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rat\|rat]] | /ræt/ | n. 鼠, 卑鄙的人, 破坏者, 变节者 | n. any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse | 1 | 20 | 9 | *RAT BASTARD!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#caretaker\|caretaker]] | /'kєәteikә/ | n. 照顾者, 看管者, 看守人 | n. a custodian who is hired to take care of something (property or a person) | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proper\|proper]] | /'prɒpә/ | a. 适当的, 固有的, 高尚的, 专属的 | a. marked by suitability or rightness or appropriateness | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really deserve that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#taint\|taint]] | /teint/ | n. 污点, 耻辱, 感染 | n the state of being contaminated | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nerve\|nerve]] | /nә:v/ | n. 精神, 勇气, 叶脉, 神经 | n. any bundle of nerve fibers running to various organs and tissues of the body | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back here. I can't believe you nev* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#atm\|atm]] |  | [计] 自动出纳机 | n a unit of pressure: the pressure that will support a column of mercury 760 mm  | 1 | 12 | 6 | *We're back! Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're looking for i* |
| brian | /'braiәn/ | n. 布莱恩（男子名） |  | 1 | 14 | 5 | *Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come back in a few years and make* |
| aaah |  | abbr. American Association for the Advancement of the Humani |  | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Well...  Whaa... aaah... aaahhh...* |
