---
season: 10
episode: "16"
title: "Friends - 10.16 - The One With Rachel's Going Away Party"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S10E16 — Friends - 10.16 - The One With Rachel's Going Away Party

Friends 1016 - The One With Rachel's Going Away Party

*Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen Produced by: Robert Carlock & Wendy Knoller Final check by Kim*


> [!scene] Scene: Joey's place. Rachel and Joey are talking

**Joey:** All right, all right, all right, let's play one more time, ok? And remember, if I win you do not move to Paris.

**Rachel:** Ok! Can't believe I'm risking  this again, but you're on! All right Joe, you remember the rules! Heads I win, [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tails]] you lose.

**Joey:** Just [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]]! Rachel *(she flips the coin)*: Ha, [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tails]]!

**Joey:** Damnit!

*(Chandler and Monica enter the room)*

**Chandler:** Hey!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Chandler:** So we thought we'd throw you little going away party around seven.

**Rachel:** Oh, that sounds good!

**Monica:** Hey, Rach, you're leaving tomorrow, shouldn't you be packing?

**Rachel:** It's all done!

**Monica:** Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] on the floor! Oh God, it hurts to even joke about it.

**Rachel:** I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]] that I'm taking is in the [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]], this is Emma's Paris stuff, these are the boxes that I'm having shipped, and that's the [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] that I made for the [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]]...

**Monica:** Ok,  so you've done some good work! *(pause)* What about your carry-ons?

**Rachel:** Oh, well. Everything that I need *(she takes her bag)* is in here and my travel documents are on the counter [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organized]] in the order that I will be needing them.

**Monica:** Oh my God! I have nothing left to [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] you! *(they hug)*

**Chandler:** Where's your [[Friends-词汇总表#passport\|passport]]?

**Rachel:** It should be right next to my [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]].

**Chandler:** Well, it's not.

**Rachel:** What? Maybe I put it in here *(she opens her bag)*. Oh, oh, it's not in there! Oh, no! I must have packed it in one of these boxes!

**Monica:** Here, let me help you. *(they both start opening boxes)*

**Rachel:** Shoot. Oh, I can't believe I did this! Chandler *(to Joey)*: At what point did it stop being funny that I took her [[Friends-词汇总表#passport\|passport]]? OPENING SEQUENCE


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's apartment. Monica and Erica are talking about the baby, and Monica is rubbing Erica's tummy.

**Monica:** Oh, wow, can you believe you're like three weeks away?

**Erica:** I know.

**Monica:** You don't mind me touching your [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]], do you?

**Erica:** No, I don't mind you touching my [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]], but right now your hand is kind of blocking the part where the baby is gonna come out.

*(She takes her hand off Erica. Ross enters the room)*

**Ross:** Hey!

**Erica:** Hi.

**Ross:** Hey Erica, welcome back to town! *(pause)* Wow, look how big you've gotten.

**Erica:** That's because I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]]!

**Ross:** Right, no, I understand.

**Erica:** Oh, ok.  I'm just always afraid that people think I'm just fat with big breasts.

**Ross:** No, no, I knew *(he stares at her breasts)*. Monica *(to Ross)*: Okay, well, stop staring at them.

**Ross:** She brought them up! *(pause)* I didn't realize you were coming back so soon!

**Erica:** Hey, well, in a couple of weeks I won't be able to travel.

**Monica:** Yeah, and I wanted her to get to know the doctors and get [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settled]] into the hotel.

**Ross:** Hotel? Why isn't she staying with you guys?

**Monica:** Because we're moving in a couple of days and it just didn't make sense.

**Erica:** Plus hotels are fun! My room has this little [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] full of free [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snacks]]!

**Ross:** Erica, those things aren't free. In fact they have one of the highest mark-ups of any consumer product...

**Monica:** Ross! She's giving us her baby. She can eat you if she wants. Erica *(standing up)*: I'll be right back.

**Ross:** Oh man, I can't believe you guys are leaving this place.

**Monica:** Oh, I know. I know. Hey, you know, you can take it if you want! The [[Friends-词汇总表#lease\|lease]] is still in Nana's name.

**Ross:** No, no. This will always be your place. It would be too sad. Plus, how much a month does it cost  to feed Joey?

**Monica:** Yeah, it takes two incomes.

**Ross:** Hey, is Chandler here? We talked about catching a movie.

**Monica:** Oh, no. He doesn't have time for that. But if you want, you can go help him and Joey pack up the guest room.

**Ross:** Mhm, *(he balance things)* packing - sexy [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] [[Friends-词汇总表#comedy\|comedy]].

**Monica:** Mhm, helpful brother - [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] [[Friends-词汇总表#loner\|loner]] at teen movie.

*(Ross takes the tape roll she's handing him and walks to the guest room while mocking Monica's voice)*


> [!scene] Scene: Guest room. Joey has his head wrapped in bubbled wrap and Chandler is punching him. Ross enters the room.

**Ross:** What are you guys doing?

**Joey:** Try it, I can't feel a thing! *(Ross starts punching him too)* Monica *(enters the room)*: Are, are you kidding? This is packing?

**Chandler:** We're taking a break!

**Monica:** From?

**Chandler:** Jumping on the bed?

**Monica:** All right, Rachel's party is in a couple of hours and there's a lot to do. Now, Ross, you got Geller blood, you're in charge of these yahoos!

**Ross:** You got it! *(Monica leaves, Ross closes the door)*. All right, she's right, we gotta get serious. *(He grabs a bag of styrofoam peanuts)* Let's put [[Friends-词汇总表#styrofoam\|styrofoam]] [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanuts]] down his pants and kick him!

**Chandler:** No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]], Joey you pack 'em and Ross you re-pack whatever Joey packs.

*(Joey takes the bubble wrap off his head)*

**Joey:** You guys hear a ringing?

**Chandler:** *(holding a pair of furry handcuffs)* What the hell is this?

**Joey:** Hey! Handcuffs! And [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]] line, nice! I didn't know you guys had it in ya!

**Ross:** Chandler, you don't have a sister so you can't understand how much this [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bums]] me out.

**Chandler:** I didn't know Monica had these!

**Joey:** Mhm, maybe she used them with another boyfriend. Maybe Richard!

**Chandler:** Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be [[Friends-词汇总表#kinky\|kinky]]! I once did a naked dance for her... with [[Friends-词汇总表#scarf\|scarves]]!

**Ross:** Bumming hard, guys, [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bumming]] hard.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's apartment. Phoebe and Ross enter the room.

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**Monica:** Hey! Where's Mike?

**Phoebe:** Oh, he has a [[Friends-词汇总表#gig\|gig]]. I kinda like being married to a rock star, you know. My [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] has a gig.

**Ross:** Yeah? Yeah, where is it?

**Phoebe:** Oh, he's playing [[Friends-词汇总表#organ\|organ]] for a children's [[Friends-词汇总表#roller\|roller]]-[[Friends-词汇总表#skate\|skating]] party.

**Ross:** Rock on! Phoebe *(watching the food on the table)*: Wow, this is quite a [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]]! *(pause)* What is all this stuff?

**Monica:** Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move to the new house with me! So, enjoy: [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] [[Friends-词汇总表#oyster\|oyster]] [[Friends-词汇总表#casserole\|casserole]] with a breakfast [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]] [[Friends-词汇总表#crust\|crust]], [[Friends-词汇总表#kidney\|kidney]] [[Friends-词汇总表#bean\|beans]] in their own [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juices]], and for [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]], a [[Friends-词汇总表#questionable\|questionable]] orange.

**Joey:** *(entering the room)* Hey.

**Chandler:** Hey.

**Ross:** Hey, where's Rach?

**Joey:** Oh, she's putting Emma down, she'll be over in a second.

**Ross:** Great.

**Joey:** Now it just hit her that she's leaving and she's kind of [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] so no one say anything to set her off, ok?

**Monica:** Yeah.

*(Rachel enters the room)*

**Everybody:** Hey Rach, hey you.

**Ross:** Here she is! Rachel *(crying)*: Hi you guys!

**Joey:** What did I just say?

**Rachel:** No, no, no. It's ok. I'm gonna be fine.

**Monica:** Come here, I'll make you a drink.

**Ross:** Oh, man! I can't believe she's actually leaving. How am I gonna say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] to Rachel?

**Chandler:** I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancelled]]. *(Ross and Joey looks puzzled)* I mean... oh, forget it. I miss Melrose Place! Joey *(to Ross)*: You know, I had a chance to stop her too!

**Ross:** Yeah?

**Joey:** Who loses [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] seven [[Friends-词汇总表#coin\|coin]] [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|tosses]] in a [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]]? Head she wins, [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tails]] I lose. *(he stops and starts realizing something)* Wait a minute...

**Chandler:** Yes, Joe?

**Joey:** I forgot to pick up my [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] cleaning! Phoebe *(to Rachel)*: You doing ok?

**Rachel:** Well, I've been better.

**Phoebe:** Uh-hmm.

**Rachel:** You guys are gonna come and visit me, right?

**Phoebe:** Yes! You know, in six months the Statute of Limitations runs out and I can travel [[Friends-词汇总表#internationally\|internationally]] again!

**Rachel:** I'm gonna miss you so much.

**Phoebe:** I know.

**Rachel:** You know what? Uhm, I have some [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] stuff that I wanted to say to each of you and I was gonna save it until the end of the night, but come here *(they go into the guest room)*.

**Ross:** Hey, what do you think they're doing in there?

**Joey:** Huh, if I had to  guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubble]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] and Phoebe is doing the [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punching]].


> [!scene] Scene: Guest room. Rachel and Phoebe are sitting on the bed.

**Rachel:** Oh, Pheebs, I don't even know where to start.

**Phoebe:** Ok well, before you do, I know we weren't supposed to get you going away presents,  *(she takes something out from her pocket)* but I do have something for you.

**Rachel:** Oh, oh. *(she's holding the present, a transparent bag with a white stick in it)*. What is this?

**Phoebe:** It's a [[Friends-词汇总表#cotton\|cotton]] [[Friends-词汇总表#swab\|swab]] with a [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] of my [[Friends-词汇总表#saliva\|saliva]] on it, so that if they perfect the [[Friends-词汇总表#clone\|cloning]] process while you are over there, you can use the DNA to create your own Pheebs!

**Rachel:** I'm gonna throw this away, but thank you so much for the [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's apartment. The living room.

**Monica:** Chandler? I was just in our [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] and I found these *(she holds the furry handcuffs)* on my [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]].

**Chandler:** Oh, yes. I [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decided]] to leave these out for you in case Richard stops by and you wanna  [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] on a little light bondage and [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]] play!

**Monica:** What are you talking about? These aren't mine.

**Chandler:** Oh yeah, right! Good luck getting another [[Friends-词汇总表#scarf\|scarf]] dance from  me!

**Monica:** That would be a terrible [[Friends-词汇总表#punishment\|punishment]]. But, I'm serious, I've never seen these before.

**Chandler:** Really? Then what are they doing in our [[Friends-词汇总表#guestroom\|guestroom]]?

**Monica:** Rachel used to live in that room.

**Chandler:** Rachel... with [[Friends-词汇总表#handcuff\|handcuffs]]! Interesting! *(he looks excited)*

**Monica:** Joey's [[Friends-词汇总表#bare\|bare]] ass!

**Chandler:** *(he doesn't look excited anymore)*. Well played.

*(Phoebe and Rachel enter the living room.)*

**Rachel:** I love you Phoebe.

**Phoebe:** I love you too. *(they hug)* Please don't... Don't turn into... you know... French bitch! *(they hug again)*

**Rachel:** All right. Well, if I gonna do this, I'd better keep going.

**Phoebe:** Ok.

**Rachel:** Ok. Monica?

**Monica:** Yeah?

**Rachel:** Can you come here with me for a minute?

**Monica:** Sure.

**Phoebe:** *(to Monica)* Are you wearing [[Friends-词汇总表#waterproof\|waterproof]] [[Friends-词汇总表#mascara\|mascara]]?

**Monica:** No.

**Phoebe:** Oh, you're so [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]]. *(Monica goes into the guest room)*

**Ross:** *(to Phoebe)* Hey. What was that all about?

**Phoebe:** She's gonna say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] to each of us [[Friends-词汇总表#individually\|individually]].

**Ross:** Are you kidding? Oh my God...

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I know, it's gonna be even worse for you... God... Ross, get ready to do some serious crying.

**Ross:** Oh, man, I'm not going to be able to handle this. *(pause)* Now I know how my students feel at the end of each year. And why they act out by giving me such bad evaluations.


> [!scene] Scene: The guest bedroom. Rachel and Monica are talking to each other.

**Rachel:** Mon... Okay... I've gotta... just say what it is I'm gonna say... None of the amazing things that have happened to me in the last ten years, would have happened if it wasn't for you. No-one has been more like a sister to me...

**Monica:** I know what you mean. You're like a sister to me too.

**Rachel:** *(starts crying and speaking at the same time, making it almost impossible to understand what she's saying)* I wouldn't know what I'm gonna do without you...

**Monica:** *(having the same problem)* You're the best friend I ever had.

**Rachel:** *(says something that cannot be understood)*

**Monica:** What?

**Rachel:** I... I... I... *(again saying something that cannot be understood)*

**Monica:** That is so sweet. *(they hug)*


> [!scene] Scene: Back to the living room. Monica and Rachel enter and hug each other. The guys see this.

**Ross:** *(to Joey)* Oh no, she took down Monica... And I'm the [[Friends-词汇总表#crier\|crier]] in the family. Oh God! I could be next. Maybe she won't talk with me if it looks like we're deep in converstation. Oh, so that thing you said about the thing. It really made me think about that other thing.

**Chandler:** Uh, Rach?

**Ross:** Well it's okay. Chandler is talking to her.

**Joey:** I really made you think about that thing uh?

**Chandler:** *(to Rachel)* Uh, Rach... I think I have something that [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belongs]] to you. *(shows her the cuffs)*

**Rachel:** *(laughs)* Oh, I'm sure gonna miss [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretending]] to laugh at your weird jokes that I don't get.

**Chandler:** No, no, no... They're really yours. We... found them in your old room.

**Rachel:** Well, these aren't mine. Maybe Monica used to use them with...

**Chandler:** Don't say Richard! Well, if they're not Monica's and they're not yours, then whose are they?

**Rachel:** Well, I think you're forgetting the [[Friends-词汇总表#kinkiest\|kinkiest]] former [[Friends-词汇总表#resident\|resident]] of that room.

**Chandler:** Pheebs!

**Phoebe:** *(from the other side of the room)* Yeah!

**Chandler:** I think these are yours.

**Phoebe:** These are not mine... Look how [[Friends-词汇总表#flimsy\|flimsy]] they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a [[Friends-词汇总表#waterpipe\|waterpipe]] with these, they'll [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snap]] like a piece of [[Friends-词汇总表#licorice\|licorice]].

**Rachel:** *(to Chandler)* Can I talk to you alone for a minute?

**Chandler:** Sure. *(to Phoebe)* You don't really [[Friends-词汇总表#handcuff\|handcuff]] guys to [[Friends-词汇总表#waterpipes\|waterpipes]] do you?

**Phoebe:** Where do you think Mike really is? *(she giggles, Chandler looks aghast)*


> [!scene] Scene: The guest bedroom. Chandler and Rachel.

**Rachel:** Oh honey...

**Chandler:** Let me just say something... Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] and probably make some stupid joke... I just want to say that I... I love you... And, I'm gonna miss you. And I'm so sad that you're leaving.

**Rachel:** *(all mushy)* Oh, you know what? Let's not say anything else. I love you. *(they hug)*

**Chandler:** Ooh, not so [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]]... *(blows raspberry, and the hug ends)* I'm sorry, just give me one more chance.

**Rachel:** Okay. Oh...

*(Chandler blows raspberry again)*

**Rachel:** Oh!

**Chandler:** I'm sor... Just go. Just go. I can't, I can't.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's living room. We look outside to the balcony where Rachel is saying goodbye to Joey.

**Monica:** *(to Ross)* So, I guess you're next. You're ready?

**Ross:** I don't think so.

**Chandler:** Oh, you're definately not. I haven't cried like that in years.

**Monica:** You cried yesterday at the six o'clock news.

**Chandler:** That old woman was being [[Friends-词汇总表#scammed\|scammed]] by her [[Friends-词汇总表#mechanic\|mechanic]].

**Ross:** God! I can't believe she saved me for last. *(looking out to the balcony)* Why are they taking so long?

**Phoebe:** I don't know. But, God, Joey seems to be handling it suprisingly well.

*(Rachel and Joey hug, and Rachel turns to enter the apartment through the side window again. At that moment Joey tries to climb over the edge of the balcony.)*

**All:** No, no, no, no!

*(Rachel rushes back and pulls Joey back onto the balcony, and takes him inside.)*

**Ross:** Okay, here we go...

**Rachel:** Oh... *(holding Ross's shoulder)* Well...

**Ross:** Yeah...

**Rachel:** I think I'm gonna take off. *(pats Ross on his back, but he looks very surprised)*

**Ross:** Huh?

**Rachel:** Oh, you guys. This was an amazing night. Thank you so much. I love you. Good night.

*(She leaves the apartment and they all stare at Ross)*

**Ross:** What? I don't get a [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]]?

**Joey:** *(still very emotional)* Lucky [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]]!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica's apartment continued... Phoebe, Chandler, Monica and Joey are sitting down and Ross is pacing up and down.

**Ross:** Unbelievable. She says [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] to everyone but me.

**Monica:** Well, maybe she thought that with all of your history it could be, you know, [[Friends-词汇总表#implicit\|implicit]].

**Ross:** Well, it needs to be plicit.

**Joey:** All right, let's think about this. I mean, there's got to be an [[Friends-词汇总表#explanation\|explanation]]. Uh... did you do anything to make her mad?

**Ross:** No, I don't think so.

**Phoebe:** You know, maybe she was just really spent from our talk. It was pretty [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]].

**Monica:** Yeah. Mine too.

**Chandler:** Mine was a [[Friends-词汇总表#humdinger\|humdinger]]

**Ross:** *(annoyed)* O-kay... I mean, don't I [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] anything? I mean, a few [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tears]], a [[Friends-词汇总表#cursory\|cursory]] [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]]? *(Joey gives Ross a hug)* NOT FROM YOU! *(Joey lets go)*

**Phoebe:** Ross, if you're this upset, you should go and talk to her.

**Monica:** And say what? "You [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] me a [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]]", I mean, he's got more [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] than that.

**Ross:** THE HELL I DO!

*(Ross takes big steps leaving for Joey and Rachel's apartment, where Rachel is going through her papers.)*

**Ross:** I don't get a [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]]?

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** *(talking agitated and angry)* Everyone gets a [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] but me? What have I got to do to get a goodbye, huh? Be best friends with you? Uh, go out with you? Have a baby with you? Oh wait a minute, wait a minute, I did all those things.

**Rachel:** Ross...

**Ross:** Oh no, maybe it's me, I'm just not giving you enough credit. Uh, I mean it is difficult to say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] to five people. Uh, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, good... *(makes choking noises)* IT'S PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE. You know what? After all we've been through, I can't believe this is how you want to leave things between us. Have a, have a good time in Paris. *(He leaves the apartment. Rachel looks kind of desperate.)*


> [!scene] Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. The others are still there.

**Monica:** I hope Ross isn't too upset.

**Joey:** I'm sure he's not more [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bummed]] out than I am.

**Phoebe:** Tell me about it.

**Chandler:** Well, you can't say we don't know how to throw a party.

**Phoebe:** All right, I think I'm gonna head out.

**Monica:** Uh, where do you think you're going?

**Phoebe:** I thought I was going home to go to bed, but I'm sensing there's something less fun for me to do here.

**Monica:** We're moving in a couple of days and we've got a lot of packing to do. It would be great if you guys could [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitch]] in.

**Chandler:** Joey and I can finish up in the guest room.

**Joey:** Oh, yeah, yeah, good idea. *(he mimes hitting his head with his fist)*

**Monica:** Oh no! You and Phoebe are gonna help me in here.

**Chandler:** *(to Joey)* You couldn't be cool. *(he goes to the guest bedroom)*

**Monica:** Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] [[Friends-词汇总表#protector\|protectors]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#stack\|stacked]] ten to a box. The [[Friends-词汇总表#silverware\|silverware]] gets [[Friends-词汇总表#bundle\|bundled]] in [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] bands and then [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubble]] [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrapped]]. Got it? Phoebe and Joey: Yeah.

**Monica:** Good! Now I need you to be [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] and [[Friends-词汇总表#efficient\|efficient]]. And remember, if I am [[Friends-词汇总表#harsh\|harsh]] with you, it is only because you are doing it wrong.

**Chandler:** Hey Mon, I think I figured out whose [[Friends-词汇总表#handcuff\|handcuffs]] they are.

**Monica:** You did? How?

**Chandler:** Well, I was cleaning out the [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] and I found some pictures of them... being used.

**Monica:** Oh my God! Let me see. *(they all look at the pictures)*

**Joey:** Who's that [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] old lady?

**Chandler:** Monica's [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]].

**Monica:** Nana liked it [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]]!

*(Erica, the pregnant girl, enters)*

**Erica:** Hi!

**All:** Hey!

**Joey:** Come on here, have a seat.

**Phoebe:** How was your night?

**Erica:** Oh, it was okay. I went to a movie with my [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] and then out for dinner. We went to this place that had... Ooh... *(she looks likes she is in pain, holding her belly)* Hoo... ooh... Anyway, they had these really amazing [[Friends-词汇总表#cheeseburger\|cheeseburgers]].

**Monica:** Erica, are you okay?

**Erica:** Yeah, you know, maybe I ate too much. I keep getting these [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ache\|aches]]. They come and go like every few minutes.

**Monica:** Oh my God!

**Chandler:** Relax! We just get her some [[Friends-词汇总表#antacid\|antacids]].

**Monica:** She doesn't have a [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] [[Friends-词汇总表#ache\|ache]], she's in labor.

**Chandler:** Oh my God!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, you got to get to the hospital.

**Monica:** All right, Chandler get the [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coats]]. Erica let's go. Phoebe and Joey, keep packing! Oh my God we're gonna have a baby. All right. We're gonna have a baby! OH MY GOD, WE'RE GONNA HAVE A BABY! Oh God, oh God, I got to sit down, I got to sit down. Ooh! *(she's hyperventilating)*

**Chandler:** Honey, it's gonna be okay.

**Erica:** You can do this. Just [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]].

**Monica:** Okay, okay... Okay, I feel a little better.

**Erica:** *(in pain)* Ooh! Are you sure?

**Monica:** Oh... Yes, I'm sure. Oh honey, let's go. Okay bye everyone.

*(there's a lot of supportive cheers from all. Erica, Monica and Chandler leave.)*

**Joey:** Chandler, wait, wait, wait...

**Chandler:** What?

**Joey:** If you get a second, find out where she got that [[Friends-词汇总表#cheeseburger\|cheeseburger]].


> [!scene] Scene: Ross's apartment. Rachel bursts in.

**Rachel:** You really think I didn't say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] to you because I don't care?

**Ross:** That's what it seemed like.

**Rachel:** I cannot believe that after ten years, you do not know ONE thing about me.

**Ross:** Fine, then why didn't you say something?

**Rachel:** Because it is too damn hard Ross. I can't even begin to [[Friends-词汇总表#explain\|explain]] to you how much I'm gonna miss you. When I think about not seeing you every day, it makes me not want to go... Okay, so if you think that I didn't say [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] to you because you don't mean as much to me as everybody else, you're wrong. It's because you mean more to me. So there, all right, there's your goodbye... Oh!

**Ross:** Rach!

**Rachel:** What?

**Ross:** You keep, you keep... You can't...

**Rachel:** WHAT?

*(Ross walks over to her and starts to kiss her passionately. After a while Rachel backs out. She thinks a while and starts kissing him back.)*


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**


> [!scene] Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment.

**Joey:** A little more.

**Phoebe:** Okay. *(she starts to stuff styrofoam peanuts down the front of Joey's pants.)*

**Joey:** A little more, a little more. *(she stuffs some more down his pants and Joey's assesses the how many there already are in there.)* A little more... All right. Okay, all right, let's do this.

**Phoebe:** All right, ready?

**Joey:** Yeah. All right, now give me your best [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shot]].

**Phoebe:** All right, here it goes...

*(she knees him in the crotch. He jumps up a bit)*

**Joey:** *(in pain)* Doesn't work... *(he falls down on on his knees with his head on the floor)* THE END





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（51）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 5 | 180 | 101 | *What are you talking about? These aren't mine.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 3 | 156 | 115 | *So we thought we'd throw you little going away party around seven.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 3 | 181 | 87 | *Chandler, you don't have a sister so you can't understand how much this bums me out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 3 | 162 | 106 | *Mon... Okay... I've gotta... just say what it is I'm gonna say... None of the amazing things that ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yours\|yours]] | /juәz/ | pron. 你的(东西), 你们的(东西) | pron. See the Note under Your. | 3 | 95 | 64 | *No, no, no... They're really yours. We... found them in your old room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lose\|lose]] | /lu:z/ | vt. 遗失, 损失, 丢失, 使失去, 错过, 浪费, 迷失, 使迷路, 输去, 使沉溺于 | v. fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstra | 2 | 101 | 74 | *Ok! Can't believe I'm risking  this again, but you're on! All right Joe, you remember the rules! Hea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#joke\|joke]] | /dʒәuk/ | n. 笑话, 玩笑, 笑柄 | n. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter | 2 | 134 | 69 | *Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my towel on the floor! Oh God, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sad\|sad]] | /sæd/ | a. 忧愁的, 悲哀的 | a. experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness | 2 | 72 | 52 | *No, no. This will always be your place. It would be too sad. Plus, how much a month does it cost  to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Try it, I can't feel a thing!  Monica : Are, are you kidding? This is packing?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hell\|hell]] | /hel/ | n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥 | n. any place of pain and turmoil; | 2 | 199 | 123 | *What the hell is this?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 2 | 442 | 191 | *Huh, if I had to  guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punchin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 2 | 385 | 206 | *Mon... Okay... I've gotta... just say what it is I'm gonna say... None of the amazing things that ha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cry\|cry]] | /krai/ | n. 叫声, 哭声, 大叫 | n. a loud utterance; often in protest or opposition | 2 | 101 | 68 | *Oh, you're definately not. I haven't cried like that in years.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#upset\|upset]] | /ʌp'set/ | a. 弄翻的, 混乱的, 心烦的 | n. the act of disturbing the mind or body | 2 | 80 | 57 | *Ross, if you're this upset, you should go and talk to her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 2 | 170 | 116 | *All right, Chandler get the coats. Erica let's go. Phoebe and Joey, keep packing! Oh my God we're go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my towel on the floor! Oh God, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my towel on the floor! Oh God, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 1 | 124 | 81 | *I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The luggage that I'm taking is in the bedroom, this is Emm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#afraid\|afraid]] | /ә'freid/ | a. 害怕的, 恐怕的, 遗憾的 | a. filled with fear or apprehension | 1 | 72 | 52 | *Oh, ok.  I'm just always afraid that people think I'm just fat with big breasts.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#realize\|realize]] | /'riәlaiz/ | vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖 | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to | 1 | 88 | 74 | *She brought them up!  I didn't realize you were coming back so soon!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Ross! She's giving us her baby. She can eat you if she wants. Erica : I'll be right back.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catch\|catch]] | /kætʃ/ | n. 捕捉, 陷阱, 捕捉之物, 抓, 拉手 | n. a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident | 1 | 88 | 79 | *Hey, is Chandler here? We talked about catching a movie.* |
| geller |  | 盖勒 |  | 1 | 376 | 86 | *All right, Rachel's party is in a couple of hours and there's a lot to do. Now, Ross, you got Geller* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 1 | 132 | 68 | *You got it! . All right, she's right, we gotta get serious.  Let's put styrofoam peanuts down his pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 1 | 83 | 61 | *You got it! . All right, she's right, we gotta get serious.  Let's put styrofoam peanuts down his pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet, Joey you pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Mhm, maybe she used them with another boyfriend. Maybe Richard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 1 | 422 | 131 | *Oh, he has a gig. I kinda like being married to a rock star, you know. My husband has a gig.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drink\|drink]] | /driŋk/ | n. 饮料, 酒 | n. a single serving of a beverage | 1 | 168 | 121 | *Come here, I'll make you a drink.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forget\|forget]] | /fә'get/ | vt. 忘记, 忽略, 忘 | v. dismiss from the mind; stop remembering | 1 | 219 | 150 | *I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Ok well, before you do, I know we weren't supposed to get you going away presents,   but I do have s* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luck\|luck]] | /lʌk/ | n. 运气, 幸运, 好运, 侥幸 | n. an unknown and unpredictable phenomenon that causes an event to result one wa | 1 | 116 | 69 | *Oh yeah, right! Good luck getting another scarf dance from  me!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *That would be a terrible punishment. But, I'm serious, I've never seen these before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bitch\|bitch]] | /bitʃ/ | n. 母狗；泼妇；讨厌的女人；棘手的事 | n. an unpleasant difficulty | 1 | 64 | 50 | *I love you too.  Please don't... Don't turn into... you know... French bitch!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 1 | 209 | 116 | *Are you wearing waterproof mascara?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Yeah, I know, it's gonna be even worse for you... God... Ross, get ready to do some serious crying.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#laugh\|laugh]] | /lɑ:f/ | n. 笑, 笑声 | n. the sound of laughing | 1 | 87 | 69 | *Oh, I'm sure gonna miss pretending to laugh at your weird jokes that I don't get.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#weird\|weird]] | /wiәd/ | a. 怪异的, 超自然的, 不可思议的 | s. strikingly odd or unusual; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker | 1 | 266 | 138 | *Oh, I'm sure gonna miss pretending to laugh at your weird jokes that I don't get.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a wate* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 1 | 258 | 141 | *Let me just say something... Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and prob* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lucky\|lucky]] | /'lʌki/ | a. 幸运的, 吉祥的, 好运的, 侥幸的 | s. occurring by chance | 1 | 68 | 52 | *Lucky bastard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mad\|mad]] | /mæd/ | a. 疯狂的, 发疯的, 生气的, 愚蠢的, 狂欢的 | s roused to anger | 1 | 130 | 71 | *All right, let's think about this. I mean, there's got to be an explanation. Uh... did you do anythi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *You know, maybe she was just really spent from our talk. It was pretty intense.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 1 | 97 | 75 | *Joey and I can finish up in the guest room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Who's that dirty old lady?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Come on here, have a seat.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dinner\|dinner]] | /'dinә/ | n. 晚餐, 正餐, 宴会 | n. the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday | 1 | 215 | 100 | *Oh, it was okay. I went to a movie with my cousin and then out for dinner. We went to this place tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Oh, it was okay. I went to a movie with my cousin and then out for dinner. We went to this place tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#relax\|relax]] | /ri'læks/ | vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养 | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease | 1 | 92 | 67 | *Relax! We just get her some antacids.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 1 | 281 | 110 | *Oh... Yes, I'm sure. Oh honey, let's go. Okay bye everyone.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#damn\|damn]] | /dæm/ | n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫 | n. something of little value | 1 | 75 | 55 | *Because it is too damn hard Ross. I can't even begin to explain to you how much I'm gonna miss you. * |

### 常用词（60）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#goodbye\|goodbye]] | /gud'bai/ | interj. 再见 | n a farewell remark | 17 | 62 | 30 | *Oh, man! I can't believe she's actually leaving. How am I gonna say goodbye to Rachel?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tail\|tail]] | /teil/ | n. 尾部, 后部, 辫子, 随员, 特务, 燕尾服, 踪迹, 限定继承(权) | n. the posterior part of the body of a vertebrate especially when elongated and  | 3 | 16 | 12 | *Ok! Can't believe I'm risking  this again, but you're on! All right Joe, you remember the rules! Hea* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bedroom\|bedroom]] | /'bedrum/ | n. 卧室 | n. a room used primarily for sleeping | 2 | 64 | 45 | *I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The luggage that I'm taking is in the bedroom, this is Emm* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 2 | 204 | 33 | *I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The luggage that I'm taking is in the bedroom, this is Emm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plane\|plane]] | /plein/ | n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位 | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape | 2 | 67 | 27 | *I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The luggage that I'm taking is in the bedroom, this is Emm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belly\|belly]] | /'beli/ | n. 腹部, 食欲 | n. a protruding abdomen | 2 | 11 | 10 | *You don't mind me touching your belly, do you?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#closet\|closet]] | /'klɒzit/ | n. 壁橱, 小室 | n. a small private room for study or prayer | 2 | 32 | 20 | *No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet, Joey you pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bum\|bum]] | /bʌm/ | n. 游荡者, 懒鬼, 闹饮 | v. be lazy or idle | 2 | 22 | 21 | *Bumming hard, guys, bumming hard.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bubble\|bubble]] | /'bʌbl/ | n. 泡沫 | n. a hollow globule of gas (e.g., air or carbon dioxide) | 2 | 20 | 16 | *Huh, if I had to  guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punchin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stomach\|stomach]] | /'stʌmәk/ | n. 胃, 食欲, 欲望, 肚子 | n. an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal | 2 | 18 | 13 | *Yeah, you know, maybe I ate too much. I keep getting these stomach aches. They come and go like ever* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Just flip! Rachel : Ha, tails!* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#towel\|towel]] | /'tauәl/ | n. 手巾, 毛巾 | n. a rectangular piece of absorbent cloth (or paper) for drying or wiping | 1 | 19 | 18 | *Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my towel on the floor! Oh God, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sandwich\|sandwich]] | /'sændwitʃ/ | n. 三明治, 夹心面包, 夹层板 | n. two (or more) slices of bread with a filling between them | 1 | 65 | 28 | *I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The luggage that I'm taking is in the bedroom, this is Emm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] | /'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | vt. 组织, 有机化, 给予生机 | v. cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Oh, well. Everything that I need  is in here and my travel documents are on the counter organized in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#teach\|teach]] | /ti:tʃ/ | vt. 教, 讲授, 教导, 教育 | n. an English pirate who operated in the Caribbean and off the Atlantic coast of | 1 | 63 | 47 | *Oh my God! I have nothing left to teach you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ticket\|ticket]] | /'tikit/ | n. 票, 券, 车票, 标签, 入场券, 证明书 | n. a commercial document showing that the holder is entitled to something (as to | 1 | 30 | 18 | *It should be right next to my plane ticket.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Shoot. Oh, I can't believe I did this! Chandler : At what point did it stop being funny that I took * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pregnant\|pregnant]] | /'pregnәnt/ | a. 怀孕的, 充满的, 思想丰富的, 成果丰硕的 | a. carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new l | 1 | 118 | 49 | *That's because I'm pregnant!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#settle\|settle]] | /'setl/ | n. 有背长椅 | n. a long wooden bench with a back | 1 | 26 | 23 | *Yeah, and I wanted her to get to know the doctors and get settled into the hotel.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fridge\|fridge]] | /fridʒ/ | n. 电冰箱 | n a refrigerator in which the coolant is pumped around by an electric motor | 1 | 33 | 21 | *Plus hotels are fun! My room has this little fridge full of free snacks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snack\|snack]] | /snæk/ | n. 小吃, 点心, 快餐 | n a light informal meal | 1 | 12 | 12 | *Plus hotels are fun! My room has this little fridge full of free snacks!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#creepy\|creepy]] | /'kri:pi/ | a. 爬行的, 令人毛骨悚然的 | s. annoying and unpleasant | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Mhm, helpful brother - creepy loner at teen movie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#peanut\|peanut]] | /'pi:nʌt/ | n. 花生, 小人物, 极小的数额 | n. underground pod of the peanut vine | 1 | 15 | 12 | *You got it! . All right, she's right, we gotta get serious.  Let's put styrofoam peanuts down his pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#husband\|husband]] | /'hʌzbәnd/ | n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人 | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | 1 | 68 | 42 | *Oh, he has a gig. I kinda like being married to a rock star, you know. My husband has a gig.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spread\|spread]] | /spred/ | n. 传播, 散布, 伸展 | n. process or result of distributing or extending over a wide expanse of space | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Rock on! Phoebe : Wow, this is quite a spread!  What is all this stuff?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smoke\|smoke]] | /smәuk/ | n. 烟, 雾气, 烟熏剂, 抽烟, 烟色 | n. a cloud of fine particles suspended in a gas | 1 | 69 | 27 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#juice\|juice]] | /dʒu:s/ | n. 汁, 活力, 体液 | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezin | 1 | 44 | 22 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#emotional\|emotional]] | /i'mәuʃәnәl/ | a. 情绪的, 情感的 | a. determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason | 1 | 15 | 13 | *Now it just hit her that she's leaving and she's kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cancel\|cancel]] | /'kænsәl/ | n. 取消, 撤消, 盖销(邮票) | v. postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled | 1 | 30 | 24 | *I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifty\|fifty]] | /'fifti/ | num. 五十, 五十个 | n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and five | 1 | 20 | 14 | *Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins, tails I lose.  Wait a minute...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#toss\|toss]] | /tɒs/ | n. 投掷, 抛, 摇摆, 震荡, 掷钱币决定 | n. an abrupt movement | 1 | 10 | 10 | *Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins, tails I lose.  Wait a minute...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dry\|dry]] | /drai/ | a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的 | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages | 1 | 40 | 34 | *I forgot to pick up my dry cleaning! Phoebe : You doing ok?* |
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 1 | 165 | 26 | *You know what? Uhm, I have some goodbye stuff that I wanted to say to each of you and I was gonna sa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wrap\|wrap]] | /ræp/ | n. 外套, 围巾, 包裹物, 限制, 约束, 秘密, 换行 | n. cloak that is folded or wrapped around a person | 1 | 27 | 23 | *Huh, if I had to  guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punchin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punch\|punch]] | /pʌntʃ/ | n. 打洞器, 钻孔机, 冲压机, 冲床, 潘趣酒 | n. (boxing) a blow with the fist | 1 | 27 | 17 | *Huh, if I had to  guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punchin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gesture\|gesture]] | /'dʒestʃә/ | n. 手势, 姿态 | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling | 1 | 15 | 14 | *I'm gonna throw this away, but thank you so much for the gesture!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pillow\|pillow]] | /'pilәu/ | n. 枕头, 靠垫, 枕状岩 | n. a cushion to support the head of a sleeping person | 1 | 28 | 22 | *Chandler? I was just in our bedroom and I found these  on my pillow.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#engage\|engage]] | /in'geidʒ/ | vi. 答应, 从事, 交战 | v. ask to represent; of legal counsel | 1 | 40 | 20 | *Oh, yes. I decided to leave these out for you in case Richard stops by and you wanna  engage on a li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Oh, you're so screwed.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#belong\|belong]] | /bi'lɒŋ/ | vi. 属于, 合适 | v. be owned by; be in the possession of | 1 | 16 | 16 | *Uh, Rach... I think I have something that belongs to you.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pretend\|pretend]] | /pri'tend/ | v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称 | v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of | 1 | 53 | 46 | *Oh, I'm sure gonna miss pretending to laugh at your weird jokes that I don't get.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uncomfortable\|uncomfortable]] | /.ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl/ | a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的 | a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort | 1 | 36 | 28 | *Let me just say something... Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and prob* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tight\|tight]] | /tait/ | a. 紧的, 密封的, 吝啬的, 严厉的 | a. closely constrained or constricted or constricting | 1 | 23 | 19 | *Ooh, not so tight...  I'm sorry, just give me one more chance.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bastard\|bastard]] | /'bæstәd/ | n. 私生子, 劣货 | n. the illegitimate offspring of unmarried parents | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Lucky bastard!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#unbelievable\|unbelievable]] | /.ʌnbi'li:vәbl/ | a. 难以置信的 | a beyond belief or understanding | 1 | 56 | 47 | *Unbelievable. She says goodbye to everyone but me.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#intense\|intense]] | /in'tens/ | a. 非常的, 强烈的, 紧张的, 热情的 | a. possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree | 1 | 14 | 14 | *You know, maybe she was just really spent from our talk. It was pretty intense.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *O-kay... I mean, don't I deserve anything? I mean, a few tears, a cursory hug?  NOT FROM YOU!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tear\|tear]] | /tiә. tєә/ | n. 泪滴, 眼泪, 撕, 扯, 裂缝, 激怒, 飞奔 | n. a drop of the clear salty saline solution secreted by the lacrimal glands | 1 | 28 | 26 | *O-kay... I mean, don't I deserve anything? I mean, a few tears, a cursory hug?  NOT FROM YOU!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hug\|hug]] | /hʌg/ | n. 紧抱, 拥抱 | n. a tight or amorous embrace | 1 | 73 | 45 | *O-kay... I mean, don't I deserve anything? I mean, a few tears, a cursory hug?  NOT FROM YOU!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#owe\|owe]] | /әu/ | vt. 亏欠, 负...债, 归功于, 怀有, 应给予, 感恩 | v. be obliged to pay or repay | 1 | 58 | 41 | *And say what? "You owe me a goodbye", I mean, he's got more pride than that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impossible\|impossible]] | /im'pɒsәbl/ | a. 不可能的, 难以置信的, 令人无法忍受的 | n. something that cannot be done | 1 | 19 | 17 | *Oh no, maybe it's me, I'm just not giving you enough credit. Uh, I mean it is difficult to say goodb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plate\|plate]] | /pleit/ | n. 碟, 盘子, 盆中物, 金属板, 图版, 金银餐具, 印版, 金属牌(照) | n. a sheet of metal or wood or glass or plastic | 1 | 49 | 19 | *Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#careful\|careful]] | /'kєәful/ | a. 小心的, 谨慎的 | a. exercising caution or showing care or attention | 1 | 41 | 29 | *Good! Now I need you to be careful and efficient. And remember, if I am harsh with you, it is only b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dirty\|dirty]] | /'dә:ti/ | a. 肮脏的, 卑鄙的 | v. make soiled, filthy, or dirty | 1 | 38 | 28 | *Who's that dirty old lady?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grandmother\|grandmother]] | /'grændmʌðә/ | n. 祖母, 女祖先 | n the mother of your father or mother | 1 | 68 | 39 | *Monica's grandmother.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rough\|rough]] | /rʌf/ | n. 粗糙的东西, 毛坯, 未加工品, 梗概, 草图, 暴徒, 艰难 | n. the part of a golf course bordering the fairway where the grass is not cut sh | 1 | 17 | 15 | *Nana liked it rough!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cousin\|cousin]] | /'kʌzәn/ | n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹 | n. the child of your aunt or uncle | 1 | 29 | 19 | *Oh, it was okay. I went to a movie with my cousin and then out for dinner. We went to this place tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coat\|coat]] | /kәut/ | n. 外套 | n. an outer garment that has sleeves and covers the body from shoulder down; wor | 1 | 53 | 31 | *All right, Chandler get the coats. Erica let's go. Phoebe and Joey, keep packing! Oh my God we're go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breathe\|breathe]] | /bri:ð/ | vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语 | v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs | 1 | 37 | 18 | *You can do this. Just breathe.* |

### 低频词（73）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| mhm |  | （表示同意或在听对方说话）哦, 嗯 |  | 3 | 4 | 2 | *Mhm,  packing - sexy cheerleader comedy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handcuff\|handcuff]] | /'hændkʌf/ | vt. 给...戴上手铐 | n. shackle that consists of a metal loop that can be locked around the wrist; us | 3 | 6 | 4 | *Hey! Handcuffs! And fur line, nice! I didn't know you guys had it in ya!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#passport\|passport]] | /'pæspɒ:t/ | n. 护照, 手段, 通行证 | n. a document issued by a country to a citizen allowing that person to travel ab | 2 | 8 | 5 | *Where's your passport?* |
| nana | /'nɑ:nɑ:/ | 北美报业联盟 |  | 2 | 20 | 8 | *Oh, I know. I know. Hey, you know, you can take it if you want! The lease is still in Nana's name.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#gig\|gig]] | /gig/ | n. 旋转物, 轻便双轮马车, 赛艇, 鱼叉, 记过, 爵士乐演奏会 | n. long and light rowing boat; especially for racing | 2 | 7 | 5 | *Oh, he has a gig. I kinda like being married to a rock star, you know. My husband has a gig.* |
| melrose | /'melrәuz/ | 梅尔罗斯(美国马萨诸塞州东部一城市) | n. Honey of roses. | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled.  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#luggage\|luggage]] | /'lʌgidʒ/ | n. 行李, 皮箱 | n cases used to carry belongings when traveling | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The luggage that I'm taking is in the bedroom, this is Emm* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lease\|lease]] | /li:s/ | n. 租约, 租期, 租 | n. property that is leased or rented out or let | 1 | 4 | 3 | *Oh, I know. I know. Hey, you know, you can take it if you want! The lease is still in Nana's name.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheerleader\|cheerleader]] | /'tʃiәli:dә/ | n. 啦啦队长 | n. an enthusiastic and vocal supporter | 1 | 10 | 9 | *Mhm,  packing - sexy cheerleader comedy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#comedy\|comedy]] | /'kɒmidi/ | n. 喜剧, 有趣的事情 | n. light and humorous drama with a happy ending | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Mhm,  packing - sexy cheerleader comedy.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#loner\|loner]] | /'lәunә/ | n. 喜孤独的人, 不合群的动物 | n. a person who avoids the company or assistance of others | 1 | 6 | 3 | *Mhm, helpful brother - creepy loner at teen movie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#styrofoam\|styrofoam]] | /'stairәfәum/ | n. 泡沫聚苯乙烯 | n. a light resilient foam of polystyrene | 1 | 2 | 2 | *You got it! . All right, she's right, we gotta get serious.  Let's put styrofoam peanuts down his pa* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fur\|fur]] | /fә:/ | n. 毛皮 | n. the dressed hairy coat of a mammal | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Hey! Handcuffs! And fur line, nice! I didn't know you guys had it in ya!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kinky\|kinky]] | /'kiŋki/ | a. 弯曲的, 古怪的 | s. (used of sexual behavior) showing or appealing to bizarre or deviant tastes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky! I once did a naked dance for her... * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scarf\|scarf]] | /skɑ:f/ | n. 围巾, 头巾, 领带, 领巾, 嵌接 | n. a garment worn around the head or neck or shoulders for warmth or decoration | 1 | 6 | 5 | *Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky! I once did a naked dance for her... * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organ\|organ]] | /'ɒ:gәn/ | n. 风琴, 器官, 元件, 机构, 机关 | n. a fully differentiated structural and functional unit in an animal that is sp | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, he's playing organ for a children's roller-skating party.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oyster\|oyster]] | /'ɒistә/ | n. 牡蛎, 蚝, 沉默者 | n. marine mollusks having a rough irregular shell; found on the sea bed mostly i | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#casserole\|casserole]] | /'kæsәrәul/ | n. 餐桌上用有盖的焙盘, 砂锅菜 | n. food cooked and served in a casserole | 1 | 5 | 3 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cereal\|cereal]] | /'siәriәl/ | n. 谷类食品, 谷类植物 | n. grass whose starchy grains are used as food: wheat; rice; rye; oats; maize; b | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crust\|crust]] | /krʌst/ | n. 外壳, 坚硬外皮, 面包皮 | n. the outer layer of the Earth | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kidney\|kidney]] | /'kidni/ | n. 肾, 个性 | n. either of two bean-shaped excretory organs that filter wastes (especially ure | 1 | 8 | 6 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bean\|bean]] | /bi:n/ | n. 豆子 | n. any of various edible seeds of plants of the family Leguminosae used for food | 1 | 13 | 8 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dessert\|dessert]] | /di'zә:t/ | n. 餐后甜点 | n. a dish served as the last course of a meal | 1 | 21 | 9 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#questionable\|questionable]] | /'kwestʃәnәbl/ | a. 可疑的 | a. subject to question | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move t* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#coin\|coin]] | /kɒin/ | n. 硬币, 金钱, 货币 | n. a flat metal piece (usually a disc) used as money | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins, tails I lose.  Wait a minute...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#row\|row]] | /rәu. rau/ | n. 排, 行, 街道, 划船, 吵闹 | n. an arrangement of objects or people side by side in a line | 1 | 11 | 9 | *Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins, tails I lose.  Wait a minute...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#statute\|statute]] | /'stætju:t/ | n. 法令, 成文法律, 法规, 章程, 条例 | n an act passed by a legislative body | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes! You know, in six months the Statute of Limitations runs out and I can travel internationally ag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#limitation\|limitation]] | /.limi'teiʃәn/ | n. 限制, 缺陷, 限额 | n. the quality of being limited or restricted | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes! You know, in six months the Statute of Limitations runs out and I can travel internationally ag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#internationally\|internationally]] | /.intә'næʃәnәli/ | adv. 国际性地, 在国际间 | r. throughout the world | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Yes! You know, in six months the Statute of Limitations runs out and I can travel internationally ag* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cotton\|cotton]] | /'kɒtn/ | n. 棉花 | n. soft silky fibers from cotton plants in their raw state | 1 | 6 | 6 | *It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#swab\|swab]] | /swɒb/ | n. 拖把, 药签 | n. implement consisting of a small piece of cotton that is used to apply medicat | 1 | 1 | 1 | *It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#saliva\|saliva]] | /sә'laivә/ | n. 唾液, 唾沫, 涎 | n. a clear liquid secreted into the mouth by the salivary glands and mucous glan | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clone\|clone]] | /klәun/ | n. 无性系 | n. a group of genetically identical cells or organisms derived from a single cel | 1 | 2 | 2 | *It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dna\|dna]] |  | 脱氧核糖核酸 | n (biochemistry) a long linear polymer found in the nucleus of a cell and formed | 1 | 3 | 3 | *It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#moustache\|moustache]] | /'mʌstæʃ/ | n. 髭, 小胡子, 触须 | n an unshaved growth of hair on the upper lip | 1 | 16 | 7 | *Oh, yes. I decided to leave these out for you in case Richard stops by and you wanna  engage on a li* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#punishment\|punishment]] | /'pʌniʃmәnt/ | n. 处罚, 刑罚, 惩罚 | n. the act of punishing | 1 | 2 | 2 | *That would be a terrible punishment. But, I'm serious, I've never seen these before.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guestroom\|guestroom]] |  | n. （家庭中的）来客住房 | n. a bedroom that is kept for the use of guests | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Really? Then what are they doing in our guestroom?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bare\|bare]] | /bєә/ | a. 赤裸的, 缺少的, 无遮蔽的, 坦率的 | v. lay bare | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Joey's bare ass!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waterproof\|waterproof]] | /'wɒtәpru:f/ | n. 防水材料 | n. any fabric impervious to water | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Are you wearing waterproof mascara?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mascara\|mascara]] | /mæ'skɑ:rә/ | n. 染眉毛油 | n. makeup that is used to darken and thicken the eye lashes | 1 | 3 | 2 | *Are you wearing waterproof mascara?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#individually\|individually]] | /.indi'vidʒuәli/ | adv. 以个人身分, 各个地, 独特地 | r. apart from others | 1 | 1 | 1 | *She's gonna say goodbye to each of us individually.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#crier\|crier]] | /'kraiә/ | n. 喊叫者, 哭泣者, 传呼员 | n. a peddler who shouts to advertise the goods he sells | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh no, she took down Monica... And I'm the crier in the family. Oh God! I could be next. Maybe she w* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kinkiest\|kinkiest]] |  | a. 卷曲的, 古怪的( kinky的最高级 ) | s. (used of sexual behavior) showing or appealing to bizarre or deviant tastes | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, I think you're forgetting the kinkiest former resident of that room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#resident\|resident]] | /'rezidәnt/ | n. 居民, 常驻程序, 居住者, 留鸟 | n. someone who lives at a particular place for a prolonged period or who was bor | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Well, I think you're forgetting the kinkiest former resident of that room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flimsy\|flimsy]] | /'flimzi/ | a. 易坏的, 脆弱的, 浅薄的 | s. lacking solidity or strength | 1 | 1 | 1 | *These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a wate* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waterpipe\|waterpipe]] | /wɔ:tə'paɪp/ | 热水管 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a wate* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#snap\|snap]] | /snæp/ | vt. 使突然中断, 猛咬, 争夺, 拉断, 使有啪啪声, 厉声说, 突然射击, 用快照拍摄 | n. a spell of cold weather | 1 | 12 | 8 | *These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a wate* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#licorice\|licorice]] | /'likәris/ | n. 甘草 | n. deep-rooted coarse-textured plant native to the Mediterranean region having b | 1 | 3 | 3 | *These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a wate* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#waterpipes\|waterpipes]] |  | (waterpipe 的复数)  热水管 | plural of waterpipe | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Sure.  You don't really handcuff guys to waterpipes do you?* |
| sor |  | abbr. 特殊操作要求（Specific Operating Requirement）；逐次超松驰（Successiv |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I'm sor... Just go. Just go. I can't, I can't.* |
| definately |  | [网络] 千万 |  | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, you're definately not. I haven't cried like that in years.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#scammed\|scammed]] |  | vt. 欺诈（scam的过去式与过去分词形式） |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *That old woman was being scammed by her mechanic.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mechanic\|mechanic]] | /mi'kænik/ | n. 机械工, 技工 | s. resembling the action of a machine | 1 | 4 | 3 | *That old woman was being scammed by her mechanic.* |
| suprisingly |  | [网络] 令人惊讶 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I don't know. But, God, Joey seems to be handling it suprisingly well.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#implicit\|implicit]] | /im'plisit/ | a. 暗示的, 含蓄的, 固有的, 绝对的 | a. implied though not directly expressed; inherent in the nature of something | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Well, maybe she thought that with all of your history it could be, you know, implicit.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#explanation\|explanation]] | /.eksplә'neiʃәn/ | n. 解释, 说明, 辩解, 表明 | n. a statement that makes something comprehensible by describing the relevant st | 1 | 6 | 6 | *All right, let's think about this. I mean, there's got to be an explanation. Uh... did you do anythi* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humdinger\|humdinger]] | /hʌm'diŋgә/ | n. 极出色的人 | n. someone of remarkable excellence | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Mine was a humdinger* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cursory\|cursory]] | /'kә:sәri/ | a. 匆匆忙忙的, 草率的, 粗略的 | s hasty and without attention to detail; not thorough | 1 | 1 | 1 | *O-kay... I mean, don't I deserve anything? I mean, a few tears, a cursory hug?  NOT FROM YOU!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pride\|pride]] | /praid/ | n. 骄傲, 自尊心, 自豪, 精华, 勇气 | n. a feeling of self-respect and personal worth | 1 | 11 | 9 | *And say what? "You owe me a goodbye", I mean, he's got more pride than that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#physically\|physically]] | /'fizikli/ | adv. 按自然规律, 完全地, 实际上, 真正地, 身体上地 | r. in accord with physical laws | 1 | 8 | 7 | *Oh no, maybe it's me, I'm just not giving you enough credit. Uh, I mean it is difficult to say goodb* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pitch\|pitch]] | /pitʃ/ | n. 程度, 坡度, 顶点, 前倾, 倾斜, 投掷, 音高, 螺距, 节距, 摊位, 树脂, 沥青 | n. the property of sound that varies with variation in the frequency of vibratio | 1 | 7 | 6 | *We're moving in a couple of days and we've got a lot of packing to do. It would be great if you guys* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#plat\|plat]] | /plæt/ | n. 小块地, 地图 | n. a map showing planned or actual features of an area (streets and building lot | 1 | 23 | 8 | *Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#protector\|protector]] | /prә'tektә/ | n. 保护者, 保护物, 保护装置 | n a person who cares for persons or property | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stack\|stack]] | /stæk/ | n. 堆叠, 堆, 大量, 书库, 枪架, 烟囱, 堆积, 存贮栈 | n. an orderly pile | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#silverware\|silverware]] | /'silvәwєә/ | n. 银器 | n. tableware made of silver or silver plate or pewter or stainless steel | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bundle\|bundle]] | /'bʌndl/ | n. 捆, 束 | n. a package of several things tied together for carrying or storing | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rubber\|rubber]] | /'rʌbә/ | n. 橡皮, 橡胶, 做摩擦动作的人, 按摩师, 决胜盘 | n. an elastic material obtained from the latex sap of trees (especially trees of | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a bo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#efficient\|efficient]] | /i'fiʃәnt/ | a. 有效率的, 能干的 | a. being effective without wasting time or effort or expense | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Good! Now I need you to be careful and efficient. And remember, if I am harsh with you, it is only b* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#harsh\|harsh]] | /hɑ:ʃ/ | a. 粗糙的, 刺耳的, 严厉的 | s. unpleasantly stern | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Good! Now I need you to be careful and efficient. And remember, if I am harsh with you, it is only b* |
| hoo | /hu:/ | int. 呼！（表示高兴, 轻蔑, 赞同, 激动等） | interj. See Ho. | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Oh, it was okay. I went to a movie with my cousin and then out for dinner. We went to this place tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cheeseburger\|cheeseburger]] | /'tʃi:zbә:gә/ | n. 干酪汉堡包 | n. a hamburger with melted cheese on it | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh, it was okay. I went to a movie with my cousin and then out for dinner. We went to this place tha* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ache\|ache]] | /eik/ | n. 疼痛 | n. a dull persistent (usually moderately intense) pain | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Yeah, you know, maybe I ate too much. I keep getting these stomach aches. They come and go like ever* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#antacid\|antacid]] | /.ænt'æsid/ | a. 中和酸的, 抗酸的 | n. an agent that counteracts or neutralizes acidity (especially in the stomach) | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Relax! We just get her some antacids.* |
