---
season: 10
episode: "05"
title: "Friends - 10.05 The One Where Rachel's Sister Baby-sits"
tags: [friends, english-learning]
---

# S10E05 — Friends - 10.05 The One Where Rachel's Sister Baby-sits

Friends 1005 - The One Where Rachel's Sister Baby-sits

*Written by: Dana Klein Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk

**Rachel:** You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her first [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]].

**Joey:** Her first [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]]? She has [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cookies]] all the time!

**Rachel:** I've never given her a [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]]. Have you?

**Joey:** No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a [[Friends-词汇总表#frost\|frosting]] from a can!

**Monica:** Hey Rach, the [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] agency needs letters of [[Friends-词汇总表#recommendation\|recommendation]] and we were wondering if you would write one for us.

**Rachel:** Of course, I'd be [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honored]]!

**Chandler:** Thanks!

**Monica:** Thank you!

*(Joey looks at them, disappointed about their decision)*

**Joey:** U-U-Um, I think there's been an [[Friends-词汇总表#oversight\|oversight]].

**Chandler:** Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested.

**Monica:** Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with the words".

**Joey:** Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!!

**Monica:** Clearly we were wrong.

**Joey:** I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one.

**Monica:** You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it.

**Joey:** Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] [[Friends-词汇总表#decider\|decider]] people..."

**Chandler:** So excited about your letter!

*(Phoebe enters)*

**Phoebe:** Hey!

**All:** Hey Phoebe!

**Joey:** Hey!

**Monica:** Wow! Don't you look nice?!

**Phoebe:** Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]].

**Rachel:** OH! What's it the [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] of? Your first date, your first kiss, first time you had sex...

**Phoebe:** YEAH!

**Chandler:** So you must be going to [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]]?

**Phoebe:** Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game.

**Joey:** Uhm... Aren't you a little [[Friends-词汇总表#overdress\|overdressed]]?

**Phoebe:** Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] before, so no matter where we go, I'm wearing something [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] pants, and... I'm gonna put on my [[Friends-词汇总表#finest\|finest]] jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room.

**Monica:** You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom!

**Chandler:** That's where people make number two!!


---

**OPENING CREDITS**


> [!scene] Scene: Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches him.

**Charlie:** Hey! *(They kiss and cuddle a little)*

**Ross:** Hey...

**Charlie:** So, you know... I have a little time. If you... if you want to...

**Ross:** *(surprised)* Oh... *(he pauses)* *(sounds disappointed)* Ohh... I'd love to but I really have to grade these papers.

**Charlie:** Fine, it's fine... *(she whispers)* I'll just shower by myself...

**Ross:** *(Writing on the papers)* B, B, B, B, B!

**Charlie:** Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn [[Friends-词汇总表#catalogue\|catalogue]].

**Ross:** Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt.

*(they start kissing but someone knocks at the door)*

**Ross:** Damnit!

**Amy:** *(yelling from outside)* Rachel!! Open up!! It's your sister!! *(she knocks on the door again)* I have to talk to you!!

**Ross:** *(he opens the door)* Hi Amy!

**Amy:** You're not Rachel.

**Ross:** Still [[Friends-词汇总表#sharp\|sharp]] as a [[Friends-词汇总表#tack\|tack]]!

**Amy:** Um... Charlie, this is Rachel's sister Amy. Amy, this is Charlie.

**Charlie:** Hi!

**Amy:** Hi!

**Charlie:** Nice to meet you.

**Amy:** H-Hi!!*(to Ross)* And you are...?

**Ross:** *(pause)* Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together last year... I had a baby with your sister!

**Amy:** *(looks confused)* N-no... uhm... did I buy a [[Friends-词汇总表#falafel\|falafel]] from you yesterday?

**Ross:** *(gives up)* Yes, yes, you did.


> [!scene] Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment

*(Ross enters the apartment with Amy)*

**Ross:** Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need [[Friends-词汇总表#pec\|pec]] [[Friends-词汇总表#implant\|implants]]!

**Rachel:** Amy! Hi! Oh-oh-hoh! *(they hug)* Wow! You remember Joey?

**Amy:** Yeah! Hey, sure! The "Days of Our Lives" guy!

**Joey:** That's right, yeah.

**Amy:** You're not good!

**Joey:** Always nice to meet a fan!

**Rachel:** So now, what are you doing here?

**Amy:** Well, I have huge news.

**Rachel:** *(Emma starts crying in the other room)* Oh sorry, hold on. Let me just check on the baby!

**Amy:** Wait, this is important! Can Ella wait? *(Rachel goes to Emma)*

**Ross:** Ehm... Her name is Emma.

**Amy:** Why did you change it, Ella was so much [[Friends-词汇总表#prettier\|prettier]]!

**Ross:** What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart!

**Amy:** Hey, your English is getting better!!

**Ross:** *(to Joey)* Oh my God!

**Joey:** I know, she may be the [[Friends-词汇总表#hottest\|hottest]] girl I've ever hated.

**Ross:** What... what you working on?

**Joey:** *(using a laptop)* Oh, Monica and Chandler's [[Friends-词汇总表#recommendation\|recommendation]]. I want it to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so...

**Ross:** Why don't you use your Thesaurus?

**Joey:** What did I just say?

**Ross:** Watch. *(he takes the laptop)* Here, you ehm... You [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlight]] the word you want to change. Go under Tools and the Thesaurus [[Friends-词汇总表#generate\|generates]]... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list of choices. You can pick the word that sounds [[Friends-词汇总表#smartest\|smartest]].

**Joey:** Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... *(he uses the Thesaurus)* "[[Friends-词汇总表#brainy\|brainy]], [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]], [[Friends-词汇总表#clever\|clever]]", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey Tribbiani's got the whole package!!


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel's room. Rachel is attending to Emma. Amy is standing behind her.

**Rachel:** God!

**Amy:** So beautiful.

**Rachel:** Oh, I know, isn't she?

**Amy:** No, I was talking about your bedding.

**Rachel:** All right. What's your news, Amy?

**Amy:** Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married.

**Rachel:** What? Oh my God! To who?

**Amy:** This guy! He has a [[Friends-词汇总表#killer\|killer]] apartment.

**Rachel:** A-And??

**Amy:** A-And it's on Fifth. And the [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] opens up right into the living room.

**Rachel:** No, what's he like?

**Amy:** Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Amy:** It's his dad.

**Rachel:** Huh... wow, so he's gotta be...

**Amy:** Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] ever there.

**Rachel:** Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little [[Friends-词汇总表#bite\|bit]] like you like the apartment more than you like...

**Amy:** Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old!

**Rachel:** Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry?

**Amy:** Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep.

**Rachel:** Sometimes just [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nodding]] is ok. *(pause)* Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever made. Honey, you [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] true love. Your [[Friends-词汇总表#soulmate\|soulmate]] is out there, [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]]. Someone that is your age, that is smart, that is fun and that you care about!

**Amy:** *(thinks about it)* You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna do it!

**Rachel:** Ok.

**Amy:** I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking for Mr Right.

**Rachel:** Ok, let’s keep talking.


> [!scene] Scene: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to their seats.

**Phoebe:** Excuse me, [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]]. Excuse me, anniversary. *(looking at her ticket)*. Uhm, [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]], could you move your [[Friends-词汇总表#nacho\|nachos]]... they’re in my seat. It's my [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]]. *(to Mike)* Here we are! *(Mike nods)*. Can’t believe it's been a whole year!

**Mike:** I know. This has been the best year... *(the crowd starts cheering so he starts yelling)* THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE!

**Phoebe:** ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH!

**Mike:** I FEEL THE SAME WAY!

**Phoebe:** YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND *(crowd stops cheering)* YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED *(everyone hears it and stare at them.)* *(to everybody)* IT’S OUR ANNIVERSARY!

**Announcer:** Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. *(on the screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her)*

**Phoebe:** Oh how [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]]... oh, it’s so [[Friends-词汇总表#tacky\|tacky]], and [[Friends-词汇总表#impersonal\|impersonal]].

**Mike:** Really?

**Phoebe:** Oh, it’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] way to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]!

**Mike:** *(looks strangely shocked)* Excuse me... *(he leaves, then Phoebe realizes what she did)*.


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room

**Joey:** Hey, finished my [[Friends-词汇总表#recommendation\|recommendation]]. *(he hands it over to Chandler)* Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the [[Friends-词汇总表#longest\|longest]] I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.

**Chandler:** *(reading)* I don’t... uh... understand.

**Joey:** *(sounding very proud of himself)* Some of the words are a little too [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticated]] for ya?

**Monica:** *(also reading it)* It doesn’t make any sense.

**Joey:** Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus!

**Chandler:** On every word?

**Joey:** Yep!

**Monica:** Alright, what was this [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] [[Friends-词汇总表#originally\|originally]]? *(shows the sentence to Joey)*

**Joey:** Oh, ‘They are [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]], nice, people with big hearts’.

**Chandler:** And that became ‘they are [[Friends-词汇总表#humid\|humid]] [[Friends-词汇总表#prepossess\|prepossessing]] Homo Sapiens with full sized [[Friends-词汇总表#aortic\|aortic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pump\|pumps]]...?

**Joey:** Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude.

**Monica:** Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this.

**Joey:** Why not?

**Monica:** Well, because you signed it baby [[Friends-词汇总表#kangaroo\|kangaroo]] Tribbiani *(Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that' look)*. Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself!

**Chandler:** You know what? You don’t need a [[Friends-词汇总表#thesaurus\|thesaurus]], just write from here, *(points at his own heart)* your full sized [[Friends-词汇总表#aortic\|aortic]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pump\|pump]].


> [!scene] Scene: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door.

**Rachel:** Amy, hi!

**Amy:** I took your advice, I left Myron.

**Rachel:** Oh, good for you!

**Amy:** I know! I'm Erin Brockovich!

**Rachel:** Yes you are! Oh, I am so [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] of you!

**Amy:** Thank you! So, can I stay with you?

**Rachel:** But Erin Brockovich had her own house.

*(Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does not notice the huge amount of bags)*

**Joey:** Ah, look who’s back! *(he sees the bags)* Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?

**Amy:** Well, I’m staying with you guys!

**Joey:** What?

**Amy:** We’re gonna be [[Friends-词汇总表#roomy\|roomies]]! *(she snaps her finger and points at Joey, snaps her fingers again and points to the bags)* Come on!


> [!scene] Scene: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room.

**Joey:** You slept out here?

**Rachel:** Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yelling]] ‘Myron, get off!’

**Joey:** But uhm, we're getting [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re getting rid of her.

**Rachel:** Joey, I can’t do that!

**Joey:** Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] and she said *(aping Amy badly)* "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lips]], [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] on the [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hips]]!" I don’t need that kind of talk in my house!

**Rachel:** Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think it’s really good that she’s here.

**Joey:** 'Cause we will [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] it more when she’s gone?

**Rachel:** No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoiled]], self-centered and you guys really took care of me.

**Joey:** Yeah, Monica made us!

**Rachel:** Well, uhm... whatever, I have really [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciated]] it, 'cause I don’t think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys. See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna take [[Friends-词汇总表#patience\|patience]], but that’s ok.

**Amy:** Good morning.

**Joey:** Yeaah.

**Rachel:** Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why I hung it on the door.

**Amy:** Oh, [[Friends-词汇总表#sweety\|sweety]], you can’t pull this off.

**Rachel:** Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future.

**Amy:** Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrows]] [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]]. *(points at her eyebrows)* I am not happy. *(to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands)* Oh... sure you wanna eat that?

**Joey:** *(yelling at her)* I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!


> [!scene] Scene: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there, Phoebe enters the room

**Phoebe:** Hi. I just had the [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] ever.

**Chandler:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] that! Tell her about us last year.

**Monica:** Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a [[Friends-词汇总表#rap\|rap]] song.

**Ross:** Seriously?

**Chandler:** Word!

**Phoebe:** Well, mine was worse than that.

**Rachel:** Well, what happened?

**Phoebe:** We were at the game, and this guy [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] to his girlfriend on the big screen thing...

**Rachel:** Oh, that is so [[Friends-词汇总表#tacky\|tacky]].

**Phoebe:** Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposing]] to me that same way last night!

**Monica:** Oh my God, Mike was gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]?

**Rachel:** Phoebe, that’s huge!

**Ross:** Well, do you wanna marry him?

**Phoebe:** Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dumped]] on the way he was gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this!

**Chandler:** She's right! If I were a guy and... *(stops himself mid-sentence...everyone stares at him)* Did I just say if I were a guy..?

**Monica:** Maybe you don't need him to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] to you, maybe you can propose to him!

**Phoebe:** Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]]?

**Monica:** I [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] to Chandler! *(Phoebe stops herself from laughing)* Alright, moving on...

**Chandler:** Oh, I don't think it was [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]], I think it was amazing!

**Monica:** Thank you.

**Phoebe:** *(To Rachel and Ross)* Well, do you think I should [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]]?

**Rachel:** I think it could be kind of great!

**Ross:** Absolutely! You'll love the [[Friends-词汇总表#feeling\|feeling]]! There's nothing like it!

**Phoebe:** Ok, ok, so how should I do it?

**Monica:** How about at a game, on the big screen?

**Rachel:** *(Sarcastically)* Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? *(claps her hands together, faking excitement)*

**Monica:** What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposed]] to, plus he'd never [[Friends-词汇总表#suspect\|suspect]] it!

**Phoebe:** Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two *(points to Ross and Chandler)* like that?

**Chandler:** Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?

*(Amy walks in carrying a phone handset)*

**Amy:** *(To Rachel)* Nana is on the phone *(Hands the phone over to Rachel)*

**Rachel:** *(Takes the phone)* Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years ago!!

**Amy:** She did? Who got her [[Friends-词汇总表#condo\|condo]] in Boca?

**Rachel:** *(Into the phone)* Hello? *(announces to Amy)* Oh, it's our [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]]! *(goes back to the phone conversation)* Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!

*(Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today?*

**Ross:** No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting?

**Rachel:** Menstrual [[Friends-词汇总表#cramp\|cramps]].

**Ross:** I don't think that's what this is.

**Rachel:** *(To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe)* Can any of you watch Emma?

**Monica:** No, sorry [[Friends-词汇总表#sweety\|sweety]]..

**Phoebe:** No, I've got work and then I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposing]]..

**Rachel:** *(To Ross)* Great, [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]], what are we gonna do?

**Amy:** Well, I can do it.

**Rachel:** *(Thinks for a moment)* Well, actually...

**Ross:** *(He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other side of the room)* Well, can I talk to you for a sec.?

**Rachel:** Yeah.

**Ross:** Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child.

**Rachel:** Why not?

**Ross:** Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!

**Rachel:** *(Defends Amy)* Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name!

**Ross:** Fine, we'll call the next one Ella.

**Rachel:** *(Shocked)* Wha... the next one?

**Ross:** *(a little confused)* Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby.

**Rachel:** Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge [[Friends-词汇总表#breakthrough\|breakthrough]] for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!!

**Ross:** I... I don't know..

**Rachel:** Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrows]] *(points at her own to emphasize the word)* [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shaped]] to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world?

*(Amy approaches from behind)*

**Amy:** um... listen, I couldn't help but [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overhear]]... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me... *(looks at hem pleadingly)*

*(Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently)*

**Rachel:** Absolutely.

**Amy:** *(very excited)* Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? *(Ross just gives up and leaves)*


> [!scene] Scene: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk in.

**Chandler:** Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming?

**Joey:** Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency.

*(Chandler and Monica look shocked)*

**Monica:** You dropped it off?

**Joey:** Yeah.

**Chandler:** Can we read it? Can you print out another copy?

**Joey:** No can do [[Friends-词汇总表#amigo\|amigo]]. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. *(Chandler and Monica look even more shocked)*

**Monica:** You hand-wrote it?

**Joey:** Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all! See ya later! *(Leaves)*

**Monica:** Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that [[Friends-词汇总表#collect\|collects]] [[Friends-词汇总表#orchid\|orchids]] or has a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|birds]]!

**Chandler:** It's ok, it's ok. You know what? *(Takes out his mobile)* I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. *(starts dialing)*

**Monica:** Okay good.

**Chandler:** *(on the phone)* Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a [[Friends-词汇总表#handwritten\|handwritten]] [[Friends-词汇总表#recommendation\|recommendation]] letter, and.. *(listens)* Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. *(hangs up looking very confused)*.

**Monica:** Ugh, we're [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screwed]], aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] store.

**Chandler:** *(Still looks confused)* They loved it.

**Monica:** What?

**Chandler:** They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the [[Friends-词汇总表#recommendation\|recommendation]] letter.

**Monica:** *(surprised)* They thought Joey was a child?

**Chandler:** She guessed 8, 9, based on his [[Friends-词汇总表#drawing\|drawings]].

*(Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller)*

**Amy:** Hi!

**Monica:** Hey, what did you guys do today?

**Amy:** Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some [[Friends-词汇总表#sushi\|sushi]].

**Chandler:** That sounds like fun.

**Amy:** Yeah, not really. Babies are [[Friends-词汇总表#dull\|dull]].

*(Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma)*

**Rachel:** *(To Emma)* Hey! Hi, how's my girl?

**Amy:** I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready?

**Rachel:** *(sounds excited)* Yeah!

*(Amy takes off Emma's hat)*

**Amy:** Ta-daaa!

*(Rachel looks at Emma)*

**Rachel:** *(not excited anymore)* You [[Friends-词汇总表#pierce\|pierced]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ears]]!?

**Amy:** *(Very excited about it)* Doesn't it make her [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] look [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]]?

*(Rachel looks very shocked)*


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**

**Rachel:** You [[Friends-词汇总表#pierce\|pierced]] her [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ears]]? How could you do this without telling me?

**Amy:** Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would it?

**Chandler:** I think she looks cute. *(Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)* ... but I am wrong!

**Rachel:** Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] out.

**Amy:** Why, did something happen to his [[Friends-词汇总表#falafel\|falafel]] cart?

**Rachel:** Ugh. *(takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it)*

*(Ross enters)*

**Ross:** Hey guys. Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross.

**Ross:** Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] see.

*(Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him).*

**Rachel:** Nah, I don't really want her to see.

**Ross:** Why not?

**Monica:** Because there are so many terrible [[Friends-词汇总表#sight\|sights]] in this world.

**Chandler:** Like war. Or that thing in Joey's [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]]. Remember? It was in a [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|carton]] but it looked like [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]]?

**Ross:** Come here *(Removes Emma's hat)* Oh! There she is! Hi!

*(Rachel looks worried)*

**Ross:** *(sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him)* What?

**Rachel:** Nothing.

**Ross:** *(Back to Emma)* Hi! *(Looks at her)* What... *(Moves the stroller away from him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he realizes the difference and gasps)*. Please tell me those are [[Friends-词汇总表#clip\|clip]]-ons.

**Rachel:** Oh, they're real!

**Ross:** Did she *(points at Amy)* do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her!

**Rachel:** I know, I know, and you were right Ross. *(To Amy)* You are soo [[Friends-词汇总表#irresponsible\|irresponsible]] I am never letting you baby-sit ever again!

**Amy:** Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]]!

**Monica:** I'm a cool, fun [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]]!

**Amy:** *(Sarcastically)* O-Okay!

**Chandler:** Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organized]] [[Friends-词汇总表#indoor\|indoor]] projects!

**Rachel:** I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you [[Friends-词汇总表#repay\|repay]] me?

**Amy:** Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going to do with my life.

**Rachel:** Oh yeah? Since when?

**Amy:** Since today... I am going to be a baby [[Friends-词汇总表#stylist\|stylist]].

**Rachel:** *(looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief)* What?

**Ross:** That's not a thing!

**Amy:** Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to [[Friends-词汇总表#accessorize\|accessorize]], what colors to wear, what clothes are [[Friends-词汇总表#slimming\|slimming]]...

**Rachel:** *(shouting)* Babies don't care if they're [[Friends-词汇总表#slim\|slim]].

**Amy:** Enter Amy!

**Ross:** *(very angry)* Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna...

**Amy:** What? What are you gonna do?

**Ross:** *(pointing at Amy, shouting)* No more [[Friends-词汇总表#falafel\|falafel]] for you!

*(Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)*


> [!scene] Scene: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.

**Mike:** Great game, huh?

**Phoebe:** Uhuh, [[Friends-词汇总表#uhuh\|uhuh]]... *(seems distracted)*

**Mike:** Why do you keep looking at the screen?

**Phoebe:** I'm not. I'm [[Friends-词汇总表#pray\|praying]]. *(looking up)* Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor! *(Mike is standing up)* Where... where are you going?

**Mike:** Going go to the bathroom.

**Phoebe:** Well, I think you should wait.

**Mike:** Why?

**Phoebe:** Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the [[Friends-词汇总表#nutrient\|nutrients]].

**Announcer:** Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the [[Friends-词汇总表#scoreboard\|scoreboard]]. Someone has a special question to ask.

*(We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of Mike.)*

**Phoebe:** Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? *(Mike looks bewildered)*

**Announcer:** Get a load of this... She's [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|proposing]] to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.

*(people are laughing, while Mike still seems bewildered)*

**Phoebe:** That's not very [[Friends-词汇总表#enlighten\|enlightened]]!

*(There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him)*

**Phoebe:** Hey, hey! *(shouting)* Boo us? Boo you!


> [!scene] Scene: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings.

**Joey:** *(picks up the phone)* Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... *(looks puzzled)* Okay, bye bye. *(hangs up)* *(to himself)* She was nice!

*(Rachel and Amy enter)*

**Rachel:** Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out!

**Joey:** Whoo-hoo! *(and leaves for Rachel's room)*

**Amy:** You're kicking me out?

**Rachel:** You put [[Friends-词汇总表#hole\|holes]] in my baby's [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ears]]!

**Amy:** Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl!

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* I can't believe I ever even tried to help you. You are so  beyond help.

**Amy:** You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but [[Friends-词汇总表#negative\|negative]].

**Rachel:** Excuse me?

**Amy:** You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then, I tried to help your [[Friends-词汇总表#daughter\|daughter]] to de-emphasize her [[Friends-词汇总表#flaw\|flaws]] *(frantically pointing at her nose)* And [[Friends-词汇总表#suddenly\|suddenly]] I am the bad guy?

**Rachel:** *(yelling)* Joey, where are those bags?

**Joey:** *(Yelling from Rachel's room)* She has a lot of [[Friends-词汇总表#crap\|crap]]!

**Amy:** You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great. Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way...

**Rachel:** *(doesn't believe what she's hearing)* Seriously?

**Amy:** hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like [[Friends-词汇总表#fifteen\|fifteen]] [[Friends-词汇总表#pound\|pounds]].

**Rachel:** Hips or [[Friends-词汇总表#thigh\|thighs]]?

**Amy:** Ass and face.

**Rachel:** *(gasps)* Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins.

**Amy:** She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking about real stuff.

**Rachel:** *(embarrassed)* Oh, I can give you that.

**Amy:** You can?

**Rachel:** Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're... you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are.

**Amy:** *(touched)* Thank you. I've got to [[Friends-词汇总表#admit\|admit]], Emma does look cute.

**Rachel:** Did you just say Emma?

**Amy:** Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella.


> [!scene] Scene: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.

**Phoebe:** That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls.

**Mike:** But please, let's just forget the whole thing.

**Phoebe:** *(the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table)* I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and [[Friends-词汇总表#whenever\|whenever]] you [[Friends-词汇总表#decide\|decide]] to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]], I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in [[Friends-词汇总表#sky\|sky]] writing, or you know, like some [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] guy in a [[Friends-词汇总表#cheesy\|cheesy]] movie who [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hides]] it in the [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]].

*(Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.)*

**Phoebe:** It's in the [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]], isn't it?

**Mike:** *(puts on a fake smile)* Where else would [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] Mr. No Balls [[Friends-词汇总表#hide\|hide]] it? *(he takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin)*

**Phoebe:** What's the matter with me? How do I keep [[Friends-词汇总表#ruin\|ruining]] this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry!

**Mike:** No! It's my [[Friends-词汇总表#fault\|fault]]. I keep trying to [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] in these stupid ways and all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.

*(Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face)*

**Mike:** I'm gonna do this now.

**Phoebe:** Oh my God!

*(Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.)*

**Mike:** Phoebe, I...

**Phoebe:** Wait! Oh wait! *(she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...)* Oh no! *(She was wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.)*

**Mike:** Ready?

**Phoebe:** Uh-huh! *(and now Mike kneels properly)*

**Mike:** Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me?

**Phoebe:** Yes!

*(Mike puts the ring on her finger)*

**Mike:** I love you!

**Phoebe:** I love you more!

**Mike:** Not possible! *(they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...)* She's gonna be Mrs. No Balls.

*(They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.)*


---

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**


> [!scene] Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk.

**Rachel:** So how is the uhm... baby styling business going?

**Amy:** Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies are [[Friends-词汇总表#ugly\|ugly]].

**Rachel:** That's [[Friends-词汇总表#shock\|shocking]]!

**Amy:** Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! *(She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand, whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair.)* Hello-oo Ross! *(to Rachel)* He's [[Friends-词汇总表#rude\|rude]]! THE END





---

## Vocabulary

### 核心词（50）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#marry\|marry]] | /'mæri/ | vt. 与...结婚, 娶, 嫁 | v. take in marriage | 6 | 422 | 131 | *I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking for Mr Right.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sister\|sister]] | /'sistә/ | n. 姐妹, 姐, 妹, 护士, 修女 | n. a female person who has the same parents as another person | 4 | 181 | 87 | *Rachel!! Open up!! It's your sister!!  I have to talk to you!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excuse\|excuse]] | /ik'skju:z/ | vt. 原谅, 申辩, 做为...的托辞 | n. a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to keep a promise etc. | 4 | 224 | 126 | *Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in* |
| tribbiani |  | n. (Tribbiani)人名；(意)特里比亚尼 |  | 3 | 110 | 60 | *Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm...  "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#apartment\|apartment]] | /ә'pɑ:tmәnt/ | n. 房间, 公寓 | n. a suite of rooms usually on one floor of an apartment house | 3 | 254 | 104 | *This guy! He has a killer apartment.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sit\|sit]] | /sit/ | vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落 | v. be seated | 3 | 170 | 116 | *Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married somebody that I didn’t lov* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bye\|bye]] | /bai/ | interj. 再会, 回头见 | n. you advance to the next round in a tournament without playing an opponent | 3 | 281 | 110 | *Hello?  Oh, it's our nanny!  Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wear\|wear]] | /wєә/ | n. 穿着, 戴, 使用, 耗损, 服装, 耐久性 | n. impairment resulting from long use | 2 | 209 | 116 | *Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so no matter where we go, I'm wear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pant\|pant]] | /pænt/ | n. 喘息, 悸动 | n. the noise made by a short puff of steam (as from an engine) | 2 | 132 | 68 | *Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so no matter where we go, I'm wear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bathroom\|bathroom]] | /'bɑ:θru:m/ | n. 浴室, 厕所 | n. a room (as in a residence) containing a bathtub or shower and usually a washb | 2 | 133 | 83 | *You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sleep\|sleep]] | /sli:p/ | n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠 | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world  | 2 | 217 | 129 | *Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amaze\|amaze]] | /ә'meiz/ | vt. 使吃惊 | v. affect with wonder | 2 | 162 | 106 | *YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND  YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED   IT’S OUR ANNIVERSARY!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finish\|finish]] | /'finiʃ/ | n. 完成, 结束, 末道漆, 磨光, 完美 | n. the place designated as the end (as of a race or journey) | 2 | 97 | 75 | *Hey, finished my recommendation.  Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kick\|kick]] | /kik/ | n. 踢, 反冲, 后座力, 凹底 | n. the act of delivering a blow with the foot | 2 | 83 | 61 | *Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get off!’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seriously\|seriously]] | /'siәriәsli/ | adv. 严肃地, 认真地, 严重地 | r. in a serious manner | 2 | 124 | 81 | *Seriously?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#absolutely\|absolutely]] | /'æbsәlu:tli/ | adv. 完全地, 绝对地, 确确实实地 | r. completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers | 2 | 120 | 90 | *Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#obviously\|obviously]] | /'ɔbviәsli/ | adv. 显而易见地, 明显地 | r. unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly') | 2 | 65 | 53 | *What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kid\|kid]] | /kid/ | n. 小山羊, 小山羊肉, 小孩, 欺骗 | n. soft smooth leather from the hide of a young goat | 2 | 211 | 141 | *Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cute\|cute]] | /kju:t/ | a. 可爱的, 聪明的, 伶俐的 | s. obviously contrived to charm | 2 | 186 | 106 | *I think she looks cute.  ... but I am wrong!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#stupid\|stupid]] | /'stju:pid/ | a. 愚蠢的, 麻木的 | n. a person who is not very bright | 2 | 258 | 141 | *You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great. Just us sisters, back toge* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonder\|wonder]] | /'wʌndә/ | n. 奇迹, 惊奇, 惊愕 | n. the feeling aroused by something strange and surprising | 1 | 99 | 84 | *Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we were wondering if you would wri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#excite\|excite]] | /ik'sait/ | vt. 刺激, 使兴奋, 激励 | v. arouse or elicit a feeling | 1 | 113 | 86 | *So excited about your letter!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kiss\|kiss]] | /kis/ | n. 吻 | n. the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof) | 1 | 219 | 100 | *OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss, first time you had sex...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shower\|shower]] | /'ʃauә/ | n. 阵雨, 淋浴, 一阵, 展出者, 显示者 | n. a plumbing fixture that sprays water over you | 1 | 73 | 50 | *Fine, it's fine...  I'll just shower by myself...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#grow\|grow]] | /grәu/ | vt. 种植, 使长满 | v. become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain | 1 | 73 | 63 | *Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together last year... I had a baby with your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hat\|hat]] | /hæt/ | n. 帽子 | n. headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usual | 1 | 126 | 70 | *I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lady\|lady]] | /'leidi/ | n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇 | n. a polite name for any woman | 1 | 136 | 99 | *Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm...  "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boyfriend\|boyfriend]] | /'bɔifrend/ | n. 男朋友 | n. a man who is the lover of a girl or young woman | 1 | 116 | 71 | *Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dad\|dad]] | /dæd/ | n. 爸爸, 爹爹 | n. an informal term for a father; probably derived from baby talk | 1 | 296 | 85 | *It's his dad.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anyway\|anyway]] | /'eniwei/ | adv. 无论如何, 至少 | r used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement; a | 1 | 217 | 128 | *Sometimes just nodding is ok.  Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#seat\|seat]] | /si:t/ | n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地 | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane) | 1 | 86 | 55 | *Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spend\|spend]] | /spend/ | vt. 花费, 浪费, 度过, 消耗, 消磨 | v. pass time in a specific way | 1 | 115 | 97 | *Hey, finished my recommendation.  Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worry\|worry]] | /'wʌri/ | n. 担心, 烦恼, 忧虑, 苦恼, 撕咬 | n. a strong feeling of anxiety | 1 | 169 | 121 | *Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about soundin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#whatever\|whatever]] | /hwɒt'evә/ | pron. 无论什么 | s one or some or every or all without specification | 1 | 118 | 89 | *Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t think I would be the person that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suppose\|suppose]] | /sә'pәuz/ | vt. 推想, 假设, 以为, 想像, 假定 | v. express a supposition | 1 | 235 | 141 | *Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why I hung it on the door.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hang\|hang]] | /hæŋ/ | n. 悬挂, 诀窍, 意义 | n. the way a garment hangs | 1 | 177 | 117 | *Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why I hung it on the door.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pull\|pull]] | /pul/ | vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引 | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you | 1 | 82 | 60 | *Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eat\|eat]] | /i:t/ | v. 吃, 腐蚀 | v. take in solid food | 1 | 228 | 137 | *Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped.  I am not happy.  Oh... sure you wanna eat * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hundred\|hundred]] | /'hʌndrәd/ | n. 百, 百个东西 | n. ten 10s | 1 | 76 | 53 | *Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#mine\|mine]] | /main/ | n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷 | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted | 1 | 180 | 101 | *Well, mine was worse than that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worse\|worse]] | /wә:s/ | n. 更坏的事, 更恶劣的事, 败局 | n. something inferior in quality or condition or effect | 1 | 76 | 55 | *Well, mine was worse than that.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#happen\|happen]] | /'hæpәn/ | vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧 | v. come to pass | 1 | 385 | 206 | *Well, what happened?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#girlfriend\|girlfriend]] |  | n. 女朋友 | n. any female friend | 1 | 92 | 55 | *We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hurt\|hurt]] | /hә:t/ | n. 伤害, 创伤, 损害 | v. give trouble or pain to | 1 | 130 | 89 | *No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wonderful\|wonderful]] | /'wʌndәful/ | a. 令人惊奇的, 奇妙的, 极好的 | s extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers | 1 | 55 | 50 | *um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alrig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throw\|throw]] | /θrәu/ | vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 发射, 摔下, 匆匆穿上(或脱下), 抛弃, 摆脱 | n. the act of throwing (propelling something with a rapid movement of the arm an | 1 | 156 | 115 | *It's ok, it's ok. You know what?  I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter.* |
| bing | /biŋ/ | n. 堆；材料堆；微软公司的搜索引擎产品 | n. A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood. | 1 | 155 | 54 | *Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and..  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#guess\|guess]] | /ges/ | n. 猜测, 臆测 | n. a message expressing an opinion based on incomplete evidence | 1 | 442 | 191 | *She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#surprise\|surprise]] | /sә'praiz/ | n. 惊奇, 奇袭, 诧异 | n. the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to you | 1 | 99 | 67 | *Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would it?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#terrible\|terrible]] | /'terәbl/ | a. 可怕的, 令人恐惧的, 极坏的 | s causing fear or dread or terror | 1 | 95 | 64 | *Because there are so many terrible sights in this world.* |

### 常用词（56）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| [[Friends-词汇总表#anniversary\|anniversary]] | /æni'vә:sәri/ | n. 周年纪念 | n. the date on which an event occurred in some previous year (or the celebration | 8 | 39 | 11 | *Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary.* |
| uhm |  | abbr. 夏威夷大学（The University of Hawaii at Manoa） |  | 8 | 165 | 26 | *Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#propose\|propose]] | /prә'pәuz/ | vt. 计划, 打算, 建议, 提议, 求(婚) | v. make a proposal, declare a plan for something | 8 | 33 | 17 | *Oh, it’s the worst way to propose!* |
| emma | /'emә/ | n. 艾玛（女子名） |  | 7 | 204 | 33 | *You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her first cookie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#knicks\|knicks]] |  | (knick 的第三人称 -s形式) n. 科尼克（德国公司名） | -s form of knick | 4 | 38 | 14 | *Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cookie\|cookie]] | /'kuki/ | n. 饼干, 小甜点 | n. any of various small flat sweet cakes (`biscuit' is the British term) | 3 | 29 | 15 | *You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her first cookie.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lame\|lame]] | /leim/ | a. 跛足的, 僵痛的, 不完全的, 金属薄板, 不知内情的人 | n. a fabric interwoven with threads of metal | 3 | 16 | 13 | *Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#ear\|ear]] | /iә/ | n. 耳朵, 倾听, 听觉, 穗 | n. the sense organ for hearing and equilibrium | 3 | 37 | 28 | *You pierced her ears!?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#somewhere\|somewhere]] | /'sʌmhwєә/ | adv. 到某处, 在某处 | n. an indefinite or unknown location | 2 | 37 | 33 | *So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fancy\|fancy]] | /'fænsi/ | n. 想象力, 幻想, 喜好 | n. a kind of imagination that was held by Coleridge to be more casual and superf | 2 | 37 | 27 | *So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#worst\|worst]] | /wә:st/ | n. 最坏, 最坏的时候 | n. the least favorable outcome | 2 | 58 | 45 | *Oh, it’s the worst way to propose!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rid\|rid]] | /rid/ | vt. 免除, 以...清除, 使获自由, 使摆脱 | v. relieve from | 2 | 46 | 36 | *But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re getting rid of her.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shape\|shape]] | /ʃeip/ | n. 形状, 形态, 外形, 形式, 身材 | n. any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline) | 2 | 18 | 17 | *Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped.  I am not happy.  Oh... sure you wanna eat * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#wha\|wha]] |  | [医][=warmed,humidified air]温暖、潮湿的空气 |  | 2 | 43 | 30 | *Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aunt\|aunt]] | /ɑ:nt/ | n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母 | n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle | 2 | 60 | 37 | *Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cake\|cake]] | /keik/ | n. 蛋糕, 块, 饼 | n. a block of solid substance (such as soap or wax) | 2 | 67 | 29 | *I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cooky\|cooky]] | /'kjki/ | n. 家常小甜饼, 饼干, 普通小饼, 巨型炸弹, (非正式)(女)厨师, 厨师助手 | n the cook on a ranch or at a camp | 1 | 52 | 24 | *Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#honor\|honor]] | /'ɒnә/ | n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章 | n. the state of being honored | 1 | 29 | 13 | *Of course, I'd be honored!* |
| whoo |  | [网络] 后；拱辰享；喔 |  | 1 | 13 | 10 | *Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dear\|dear]] | /'diә/ | n. 亲爱的人 | s. with or in a close or intimate relationship | 1 | 53 | 40 | *Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby adoption decider people..."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#celebrate\|celebrate]] | /'selibreit/ | v. 庆祝, 祝贺, 举行 | v. have a celebration | 1 | 33 | 29 | *So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate?* |
| damnit |  | [网络] 该死；可恶；该死的 |  | 1 | 52 | 40 | *Damnit!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thanksgiving\|thanksgiving]] | /'θæŋks.giviŋ/ | n. 感谢 | n. fourth Thursday in November in the United States; second Monday in October in | 1 | 98 | 17 | *Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together last year... I had a baby with your* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bright\|bright]] | /brait/ | a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的 | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm...  "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#fifth\|fifth]] | /fifθ/ | num. 第五, 五分之一 | n. a quantity of liquor equal to one fifth of a United States gallon | 1 | 20 | 15 | *A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#elevator\|elevator]] | /'eliveitә/ | n. 电梯, 升降机 | n. lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered me | 1 | 15 | 12 | *A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hardly\|hardly]] | /'hɑ:dli/ | adv. 刚刚, 几乎不, 勉强是 | r. almost not | 1 | 11 | 11 | *Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nod\|nod]] | /nɒd/ | n. 点头, 打盹, 晃动 | n. a sign of assent or salutation or command | 1 | 15 | 10 | *Sometimes just nodding is ok.  Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#deserve\|deserve]] | /di'zә:v/ | vt. 该得到, 值得 | v. be worthy or deserving | 1 | 35 | 31 | *Sometimes just nodding is ok.  Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sir\|sir]] | /sә:/ | n. 先生, 阁下 | n. term of address for a man | 1 | 70 | 43 | *Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#generous\|generous]] | /'dʒenәrәs/ | a. 慷慨的, 有雅量的, 大量的, 丰富的 | a. willing to give and share unstintingly | 1 | 18 | 13 | *YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND  YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED   IT’S OUR ANNIVERSARY!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sophisticate\|sophisticate]] | /sә'fistikeit/ | n. 久经世故的人, 精于...之道的人 | n. a worldly-wise person | 1 | 14 | 12 | *Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sentence\|sentence]] | /'sentәns/ | n. 句子, 命题, 宣判 | n. a string of words satisfying the grammatical rules of a language | 1 | 13 | 12 | *Alright, what was this sentence originally?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#warm\|warm]] | /wɒ:m/ | a. 暖和的, 暖的, 温暖的, 热烈的, 兴奋的, 激烈的, 多情的, 色情的 | v. get warm or warmer | 1 | 27 | 25 | *Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#proud\|proud]] | /praud/ | a. 骄傲的, 自大的, 自豪的, 辉煌的, 壮丽的 | a. feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self- | 1 | 36 | 30 | *Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#yell\|yell]] | /jel/ | vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼 | v. utter or declare in a very loud voice | 1 | 47 | 36 | *Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get off!’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pizza\|pizza]] | /'pi:tsә/ | n. 比萨饼 | n. Italian open pie made of thin bread dough spread with a spiced mixture of e.g | 1 | 73 | 42 | *Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said  "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#lip\|lip]] | /lip/ | n. 唇, 口缘, 唇状构造 | n. either of two fleshy folds of tissue that surround the mouth and play a role  | 1 | 34 | 27 | *Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said  "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#forever\|forever]] | /fә'revә/ | adv. 永远 | r. for a very long or seemingly endless time | 1 | 58 | 48 | *Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said  "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#appreciate\|appreciate]] | /ә'pri:ʃieit/ | vt. 赏识, 鉴别, 为...而感激, 领会, 欣赏 | v. recognize with gratitude; be grateful for | 1 | 54 | 47 | *'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#spoil\|spoil]] | /spɒil/ | n. 战利品, 赃物, 奖品, 变质, 次品 | n. (usually plural) valuables taken by violence (especially in war) | 1 | 18 | 15 | *No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was spoiled,* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#doubt\|doubt]] | /daut/ | n. 怀疑, 疑惑 | n. the state of being unsure of something | 1 | 17 | 14 | *I doubt that! Tell her about us last year.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dump\|dump]] | /dʌmp/ | n. 垃圾场 | n. a piece of land where waste materials are dumped | 1 | 31 | 26 | *Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don’t think he’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#throat\|throat]] | /θrәut/ | n. 咽喉, 喉咙, 嗓音 | n. the passage to the stomach and lungs; in the front part of the neck below the | 1 | 16 | 14 | *No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#shoot\|shoot]] | /ʃu:t/ | n. 射击, 狩猎, 芽, 射伤, 发射, 发芽, 急流, 推力, 摄影, 急送, 滑运道, 浪费 | n. a new branch | 1 | 54 | 42 | *Great, shoot, what are we gonna do?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#bird\|bird]] | /bә:d/ | n. 鸟, 羽毛球 | n. warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs m | 1 | 54 | 35 | *Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#screw\|screw]] | /skru:/ | n. 螺旋, 螺杆, 螺钉, 螺旋桨, 吝啬鬼 | n. a simple machine of the inclined-plane type consisting of a spirally threaded | 1 | 47 | 47 | *Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nose\|nose]] | /nәuz/ | n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉 | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part  | 1 | 35 | 27 | *Doesn't it make her nose look smaller?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smaller\|smaller]] |  | a. 较小, 更小的 | s. small or little relative to something else | 1 | 18 | 18 | *Doesn't it make her nose look smaller?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#flip\|flip]] | /flip/ | vt. 掷, 弹, 轻击, 空翻 | n. hot or cold alcoholic mixed drink containing a beaten egg | 1 | 27 | 24 | *Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barely\|barely]] | /'bєәli/ | adv. 几乎不 | r. only a very short time before | 1 | 23 | 22 | *Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#refrigerator\|refrigerator]] | /ri'fridʒәreitә/ | n. 电冰箱, 冷藏库 | n. white goods in which food can be stored at low temperatures | 1 | 15 | 14 | *Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#milk\|milk]] | /milk/ | n. 奶, 乳状物 | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human being | 1 | 57 | 33 | *Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#meat\|meat]] | /mi:t/ | n. 肉, 餐, 食物 | n. the flesh of animals (including fishes and birds and snails) used as food | 1 | 39 | 25 | *Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like* |
| soo |  | abbr. 超氧化物歧化酶；单点登录系统；销售订单 |  | 1 | 42 | 29 | *I know, I know, and you were right Ross.  You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#organize\|organize]] | /'ɒ:gәnaiz/ | vt. 组织, 有机化, 给予生机 | v. cause to be structured or ordered or operating according to some principle or | 1 | 14 | 14 | *Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects!* |

### 低频词（78）

| Word | Phonetic | 中文释义 | English | 本集 | 全剧总次 | 出现集数 | Context |
|------|----------|---------|---------|------|---------|---------|--------|
| ella | /'elә/ | n. 艾拉（女子名） |  | 7 | 7 | 1 | *Wait, this is important! Can Ella wait?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#recommendation\|recommendation]] | /.rekәmen'deiʃәn/ | n. 推荐, 介绍, 推荐信, 劝告 | n. something (as a course of action) that is recommended as advisable | 5 | 6 | 2 | *Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we were wondering if you would wri* |
| myron | /'maiәrәn/ | [医] 树汁 |  | 4 | 4 | 1 | *Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old!* |
| ehm |  | abbr. eggs per hen per month 每鸡每月蛋数 |  | 3 | 13 | 8 | *Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#falafel\|falafel]] | /'fælәfil/ | n. 沙拉三明治 | n. small croquette of mashed chick peas or fava beans seasoned with sesame seeds | 3 | 3 | 1 | *N-no... uhm... did I buy a falafel from you yesterday?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#thesaurus\|thesaurus]] | /θi'sɒ:rәs/ | n. 专类辞典, 宝库, 知识宝库, 叙词表, 主题词表 | n. a book containing a classified list of synonyms | 3 | 3 | 1 | *Why don't you use your Thesaurus?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sweety\|sweety]] | /'swi:ti/ | n. 糖果, 蜜饯 |  | 3 | 7 | 5 | *Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the apartment more than you like...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#adoption\|adoption]] | /ә'dɒpʃәn/ | n. 采用, 采纳, 收养 | n. the act of accepting with approval; favorable reception | 2 | 22 | 6 | *Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we were wondering if you would wri* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tacky\|tacky]] | /'tæki/ | a. 发粘的, 破烂的, 俗丽的 | s. (of a glutinous liquid such as paint) not completely dried and slightly stick | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#aortic\|aortic]] | /ei'ɒ:tik/ | a. 主动脉的 | a of or relating to the aorta | 2 | 2 | 1 | *And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#erin\|erin]] | /'iәrin/ | n. 爱尔兰 | n. an early name of Ireland that is now used in poetry | 2 | 10 | 4 | *I know! I'm Erin Brockovich!* |
| brockovich |  | [网络] 双语字幕 |  | 2 | 2 | 1 | *I know! I'm Erin Brockovich!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hip\|hip]] | /hip/ | n. 臀部, 蔷薇果, 忧郁 | n. either side of the body below the waist and above the thigh | 2 | 12 | 9 | *Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said  "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#eyebrow\|eyebrow]] | /'aibrau/ | n. 眉毛 | n. the arch of hair above each eye | 2 | 11 | 6 | *Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped.  I am not happy.  Oh... sure you wanna eat * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#desperate\|desperate]] | /'despәrәt/ | a. 不顾一切的, 危急的, 令人绝望的, 极渴望的 | n. a person who is frightened and in need of help | 2 | 10 | 9 | *Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pierce\|pierce]] | /piәs/ | vt. 刺穿, 穿透, 打眼于, 洞悉, (声音)响彻, (亮光)照进, 深深地打动 | n. 14th President of the United States (1804-1869) | 2 | 6 | 4 | *You pierced her ears!?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#uhuh\|uhuh]] | /ʌ 'ʌ/ | int. 嘘 |  | 2 | 8 | 5 | *Uhuh, uhuh...* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#boo\|boo]] | /bu:/ | v. 嘘(某人), 喝倒彩 | n. a cry or noise made to express displeasure or contempt | 2 | 4 | 3 | *Hey, hey!  Boo us? Boo you!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#frost\|frost]] | /frɒst/ | n. 霜, 冰冻, 冷漠 | n. ice crystals forming a white deposit (especially on objects outside) | 1 | 5 | 3 | *No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from a can!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#oversight\|oversight]] | /'әuvәsait/ | n. 勘漏, 失察, 失败, 照料 | n. an unintentional omission resulting from failure to notice something | 1 | 1 | 1 | *U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#decider\|decider]] |  | n. 决定者, 决赛, 裁决者 | n. One who decides. | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby adoption decider people..."* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overdress\|overdress]] | /.әuvә'dres/ | v. 穿得过分讲究, (使)过度装饰 | v. dress too warmly | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#finest\|finest]] | /fi'nest/ | n. [总称]警察 | s being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so no matter where we go, I'm wear* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pottery\|pottery]] | /'pɒtәri/ | n. 陶器, 陶器厂 | n. ceramic ware made from clay and baked in a kiln | 1 | 20 | 3 | *Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn catalogue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barn\|barn]] | /bɑ:n/ | n. 谷仓 | n. an outlying farm building for storing grain or animal feed and housing farm a | 1 | 25 | 8 | *Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn catalogue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#catalogue\|catalogue]] | /'kætәlɒg/ | n. 目录, 大学情况一览 | v. make an itemized list or catalog of; classify | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn catalogue.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sharp\|sharp]] | /ʃɑ:p/ | n. 半升音调, 利刃, 骗子 | n. a musical notation indicating one half step higher than the note named | 1 | 7 | 7 | *Still sharp as a tack!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#tack\|tack]] | /tæk/ | n. 平头钉, 大头钉, 粗缝针脚, 行动方针, 食物 | n. the heading or position of a vessel relative to the trim of its sails | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Still sharp as a tack!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pec\|pec]] | /pek/ | [计] 程序异常代码 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need pec implants!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#implant\|implant]] | /im'plɑ:nt/ | vt. 深植, 灌输, 嵌入 | n. a prosthesis placed permanently in tissue | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need pec implants!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prettier\|prettier]] |  | a. 较美丽 | s pleasing by delicacy or grace; not imposing | 1 | 4 | 4 | *Why did you change it, Ella was so much prettier!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#hottest\|hottest]] |  | a. 热的；热烈的；最热门的 | a used of physical heat; having a high or higher than desirable temperature or g | 1 | 6 | 6 | *I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#highlight\|highlight]] | /'hailait/ | n. 加亮区, 精彩场面 | n. the most interesting or memorable part | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Watch.  Here, you ehm... You highlight the word you want to change. Go under Tools and the Thesaurus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#generate\|generate]] | /'dʒenәreit/ | vt. 产生, 发生, 导致 | v. bring into existence | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Watch.  Here, you ehm... You highlight the word you want to change. Go under Tools and the Thesaurus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#smartest\|smartest]] |  | 聪明伶俐地 | a showing mental alertness and calculation and resourcefulness | 1 | 5 | 5 | *Watch.  Here, you ehm... You highlight the word you want to change. Go under Tools and the Thesaurus* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#brainy\|brainy]] | /'breini/ | a. 脑筋好的, 聪明的 | s. having or marked by unusual and impressive intelligence | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm...  "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#clever\|clever]] | /'klevә/ | a. 聪明的, 精明的 | s. showing inventiveness and skill | 1 | 9 | 8 | *Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm...  "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Lo* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#killer\|killer]] | /'kilә/ | n. (非正式)杀人者, 屠杀者, 猛兽, 致死(疾病), 杀手, 止痛药, 限制器, 瞄准器 | n. someone who causes the death of a person or animal | 1 | 5 | 5 | *This guy! He has a killer apartment.* |
| humpf |  | [网络] 驼峰 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#soulmate\|soulmate]] | /ˈsəʊlmeɪt/ | n. 心灵伴侣, 知音, 梦中情人 |  | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Sometimes just nodding is ok.  Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nacho\|nacho]] | /'nɑ:tʃәj/ | n. (墨西哥人食用的)烤干酪辣味玉米片 | n. a tortilla chip topped with cheese and chili-pepper and broiled | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#impersonal\|impersonal]] | /im'pә:sәnәl/ | a. 客观的, 和个人无关的, 没有人情味的, 非人称的 | a. not relating to or responsive to individual persons | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#longest\|longest]] | /'lɔŋɡist. 'lɔ:ŋ-/ | a. 最长的 | r. for the most time | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Hey, finished my recommendation.  Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I e* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#originally\|originally]] | /ә'ridʒәnli/ | adv. 本来, 原来, 最初, 就起源而论, 独创地 | r. in an original manner | 1 | 5 | 4 | *Alright, what was this sentence originally?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#humid\|humid]] | /'hju:mid/ | a. 潮湿的, 湿润的, 多湿气的 | s. containing or characterized by a great deal of water vapor | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#prepossess\|prepossess]] | /.pri:pә'zes/ | vt. 使先具有 | v. possess beforehand | 1 | 1 | 1 | *And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#homo\|homo]] | /'hәumәu/ | [化] 最高占据轨道 | n. any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superio | 1 | 9 | 3 | *And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sapiens\|sapiens]] | /'seipjәnz/ | a. （拉）现代人的 | a. of or relating to or characteristic of Homo sapiens | 1 | 3 | 2 | *And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#pump\|pump]] | /pʌmp/ | n. 抽水机, 打气筒, 泵, 抽吸 | n. a mechanical device that moves fluid or gas by pressure or suction | 1 | 4 | 4 | *And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#kangaroo\|kangaroo]] | /.kæŋgә'ru:/ | n. 袋鼠 | n. any of several herbivorous leaping marsupials of Australia and New Guinea hav | 1 | 4 | 2 | *Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about soundin* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#roomy\|roomy]] | /'ru:mi/ | a. 广阔的, 宽敞的, 宽大的 | s. (of buildings and rooms) having ample space | 1 | 5 | 3 | *We’re gonna be roomies!  Come on!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#patience\|patience]] | /'peiʃәns/ | n. 耐性, 忍耐 | n. good-natured tolerance of delay or incompetence | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t think I would be the person that* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#curvy\|curvy]] | /'kә:vi/ | a. 弯曲的；曲线美的（等于curvaceous） | s. having curves | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#rap\|rap]] | /ræp/ | n. 轻敲, 拍击, 责骂, 无价值的东西 | n. a gentle blow | 1 | 3 | 3 | *Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#barbados\|barbados]] | /bɑ:'beidәus/ | n. 巴巴多斯(岛) | n. a parliamentary democracy on the island of Barbados; former British colony; a | 1 | 13 | 6 | *Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don’t think he’* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#footlocker\|footlocker]] | /'futlɒkә/ | n. 军人用床脚柜 | n. a trunk for storing personal possessions; usually kept at the foot of a bed ( | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#suspect\|suspect]] | /sә'spekt/ | n. 被怀疑者, 嫌疑犯 | n. someone who is under suspicion | 1 | 5 | 5 | *What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it!* |
| nana | /'nɑ:nɑ:/ | 北美报业联盟 |  | 1 | 20 | 8 | *Nana is on the phone* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#condo\|condo]] | /kәn'dәu/ | n. 共同统治, 共管下的政府, 共管, 多层公寓大楼, 由个人占用的一套公寓房间 | n one of the dwelling units in a condominium | 1 | 2 | 2 | *She did? Who got her condo in Boca?* |
| boca |  | abbr. 国际职业建筑人员与法规管理人员联合会 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 | *She did? Who got her condo in Boca?* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#nanny\|nanny]] | /'næni/ | n. 保姆；母山羊 | n. a woman who is the custodian of children | 1 | 25 | 5 | *Hello?  Oh, it's our nanny!  Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#molly\|molly]] | /'mɔli/ | n. [俚]懦夫；娘娘腔的男人 | n popular aquarium fish | 1 | 16 | 6 | *No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurti* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#menstrual\|menstrual]] | /'menstruәl/ | a. 月经的, 一月一次的, 每月的 | a. of or relating to menstruation or the menses | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Menstrual cramps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#cramp\|cramp]] | /kræmp/ | n. 痉挛, 腹部绞痛, 铁夹钳 | n. a clamp for holding pieces of wood together while they are glued | 1 | 7 | 4 | *Menstrual cramps.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#breakthrough\|breakthrough]] | /'breikθru:/ | n. 突破 | n. making an important discovery | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#overhear\|overhear]] | /.әuvә'hiә/ | vt. 无意中听到, 偷听 | v hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers | 1 | 7 | 7 | *um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alrig* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#amigo\|amigo]] | /ә'mi:gәu/ | n. 朋友 | n. a friend or comrade | 1 | 2 | 2 | *No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#collect\|collect]] | /kә'lekt/ | v. 收集, 聚集, 集中, 搜集 | n. a short prayer generally preceding the lesson in the Church of Rome or the Ch | 1 | 6 | 4 | *Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#orchid\|orchid]] | /'ɒ:kid/ | n. 兰花, 淡紫色 | n. any of numerous plants of the orchid family usually having flowers of unusual | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're go* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#handwritten\|handwritten]] | /'hænd.ritәn/ | a. 手写的 | s. written by hand | 1 | 1 | 1 | *Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and..  * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#drawing\|drawing]] | /'drɒ:iŋ/ | n. 图画, 制图, 拉 | n. an illustration that is drawn by hand and published in a book, magazine, or n | 1 | 2 | 2 | *She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sushi\|sushi]] | /'su:ʃi/ | n. 寿司（生鱼片冷饭团） | n. rice (with raw fish) wrapped in seaweed | 1 | 6 | 6 | *Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#dull\|dull]] | /dʌl/ | a. 钝的, 无趣的, 呆滞的, 阴暗的 | v. make dull in appearance | 1 | 12 | 9 | *Yeah, not really. Babies are dull.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#sight\|sight]] | /sait/ | n. 景观, 视力, 眼界, 阅读, 见解, 意见 | n. an instance of visual perception | 1 | 9 | 9 | *Because there are so many terrible sights in this world.* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#carton\|carton]] | /'kɑ:tn/ | n. 硬纸盒, 纸板箱 | n. the quantity contained in a carton | 1 | 10 | 8 | *Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#irresponsible\|irresponsible]] | /.iri'spɔnsәbl/ | a. 不负责任的；不可靠的 | a. showing lack of care for consequences | 1 | 4 | 4 | *I know, I know, and you were right Ross.  You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit * |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#indoor\|indoor]] | /'indɒ:/ | a. 户内的, 室内的 | a. located, suited for, or taking place within a building | 1 | 2 | 2 | *Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects!* |
| [[Friends-词汇总表#repay\|repay]] | /ri'pei/ | v. 偿还, 报答, 报复 | v pay back | 1 | 1 | 1 | *I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life an* |
